===== 2025 Q2  (2025-04-28 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5 Inc. Second Quarter Fiscal 2025 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Also, this conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I'll now turn the call over to Ms. Suzanne DuLong. Ma'am, you may begin.
Suzanne DuLong: Hello, and welcome. I'm Suzanne DuLong, F5's Vice President of Investor Relations. We're here with you today to discuss our second quarter fiscal year 2025 financial results. Francois Locoh-Donou, F5's President and CEO; and Cooper Werner, F5's Executive Vice President and CFO, will be making prepared remarks on today's call. Other members of the F5 executive team are also here to answer questions during the Q&A and a session. A copy of today's press release is available on our website at f5.com, where an archived version of today's audio will be available through July 29, 2025. We will post the slide deck accompanying today's webcast to our IR website at the conclusion of our call. To access the replay of today's webcast by phone, dial (877) 660-6853 or (201) 612-7415 and use meeting ID 1375-2445. The telephonic replay will be available through midnight Pacific Time April 29, 2025. For additional information or follow-up questions, please reach out to me directly at s.dulong@f5.com. Our discussion today will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect, and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. We have summarized factors that may affect our results in the press release announcing our financial results and in detail in our SEC filings. In addition, we will reference non-GAAP metrics during today's discussion. Please see our full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation in today's press release and in the appendix of our earnings slide deck. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. During today's call, Francois will speak to our Q2 highlights and our strategy and growth opportunities. Cooper will then review the details of our Q2 results and our outlook. I will now turn the call over to Francois.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Suzanne, and hello, everyone. F5's continuous innovation, technology leadership, and unique ability to solve our customers' hybrid multi-cloud challenges were key drivers of our strong Q2 results. We delivered 7% total revenue growth, including 12% product revenue growth. Systems revenue grew 27%, while software revenue was flat with a year ago quarter. We also delivered Q2 non-GAAP EPS of $3.42, representing 18% year-over-year growth, $0.28 above the top end of our guidance range. Q2 strength reflects continued technology refresh momentum and expansion, as customers leverage F5 to modernize their data centers, consolidate vendors, and prepare for AI. We have good visibility into a Q3 pipeline that reflects continued healthy demand in support of data center modernization, competitive takeout momentum, and a large available to renew software subscription base. As a result, we expect Q3 revenue in a range of $740 million to $760 million, implying roughly 8% growth at the midpoint. In addition, we are raising our guidance for FY '25 revenue growth to a range of 6.5% to 7.5%, up from our prior range of 6% to 7%. Our updated range reflects our strong first half revenue and the dynamics we are currently seeing in the business. Cooper will speak to our outlook in greater detail in just a few minutes. Before he does, I will highlight how we are innovating to address the ball of fire challenges faced by our customers, high cost, crushing complexity, and escalating cyber risks. During Q2, we hosted our AppWorld event for customers and partners where we announced a number of exciting innovations. The most significant of these was the introduction of the F5 Application Delivery and Security Platform or the ADSP. The ADSP is the industry's only platform that fully converges high performance load balancing and traffic management with advanced app and API security capabilities. While they are platforms for endpoints, for network access, and for cloud workloads, there hasn't been any platform that delivers and secures all apps and APIs across hybrid and multi-cloud environments at scale until now. With the F5 ADSP, we are enabling consistent policies, full visibility, and AI driven insights, all from a single platform that is flexible to deploy. We are delivering new capabilities that give CISOs the visibility, compliance, and protection they need to deliver and secure any app, any API, anywhere. Crucially, we are providing powerful automation that helps customers manage large complex digital estates with greater efficiency, reducing manual overhead, increasing agility, and ensuring consistent enforcement across diverse environments. We are solving the ball of fire. The F5 ADSP provides comprehensive delivery and security for every app and API, seamless deployment across any environment and form factor, unified management with a single consistent policy framework, deep analytics and actionable insights, programmable data planes for maximum flexibility, and end-to-end life cycle automation. Just last week, we unveiled broad cybersecurity enhancements to the F5 ADSP. These enhancements significantly improve organization's ability to identify and remediate vulnerabilities and threats to AI and other modern applications. At AppWorld, we also unveiled a suite of groundbreaking customer centric innovations that showcase the power of the F5 ADSP, while also highlighting our commitment to leveraging advanced AI technologies to enhance customer experiences and drive business growth. These innovations fall into two categories. The first is AI for ADC. These are innovations that make it easier for customers to harness the power of F5. The second is ADC for AI. These innovations showcase how we are applying our strength in delivery and security to enable AI driven applications, particularly inference workloads and model interactions. There are three innovations I will highlight in the AI for ADC category. The first is our iRule Code Generator, which will be available later this year. Programability and flexibility have always been at the heart of F5 success, and iRules are central to that value. The iRules code generator developed by our F5 AI center of excellence makes this programmability and flexibility more accessible than ever. This solution analyzes existing iRules and configurations to summarize their purpose, components, and structure. It also generates new iRules based on business or application requirements and optimizes existing iRules to boost performance, reduce resource usage, and accelerate delivery. With iRule code generator, customers can fully leverage F5's programmable capabilities with greater ease and sophistication. The second AI for ADC innovation is expanding our AI assistant functionality across our product families. Today, more than 50% of F5 distributed cloud customers use our AI assistant to better understand and operate their environments. At AppWorld, we expanded this functionality, introducing AI assistant for NGINX One, and we announced the AI assistant for BIG-IP will launch later this year. These assistance empower customers with contextual intelligent guidance that reduces time to resolution, improves operational efficiency and enhances visibility across the stack. The third AI for ADC innovation, our new application study tool addresses the heightened awareness and focus on observability among operators, ensuring they can monitor and optimize performance with unprecedented clarity and precision. In an era where observability is mission critical, our application study tool delivers unmatched visibility into app and API behavior. It offers deep insights into feature usage, application types, quality of service and system utilization patterns, both average and peak. As one customer put it, this tool has given us insights we never thought possible. It's like turning on the lights in a room we've been navigating in the dark. Moving to ADC for AI. In Q2, we announced the general availability of the F5 AI gateway, an offering that is purpose built to secure and manage the new frontier of enterprise AI. As organizations embed generative AI into critical workflows, they need greater governance, visibility, and control. That's where our AI gateway comes in. It inspects both prompts and responses to prevent data leakage and force policies and reduce the risk of unpredictable model behavior. The AI gateway market is just getting started, but we are seeing strong early interest in our solution, particularly with customers who need to scale AI adoption without compromising on trust or compliance. F5 is continuously innovating based on rapidly evolving market demands. We are already beginning to see the emergence of an agentic future, one where AI systems don't just respond to prompts, but operate as autonomous agents capable of completing tasks, collaborating with other agents, and adapting over time. This shift is reshaping how applications are built and how infrastructure must respond. To support this evolution, we are expanding our platform with native support for the Model Context Protocol or MCP, a foundational standard created by Anthropic and now being adopted by leaders like OpenAI and Google. MCP enables agents and models to share memory, context, and objectives across interactions, powering persistent multi-turn reasoning and coordination. By bringing MCP support to BIG-IP, we are enabling our customers to route, observe, and enforce policy across agentic workflows, turning BIG-IP into a trusted control plane for AI agents operating at scale. As AI architectures shift from stateless queries to contextual autonomous systems, F5 is building the infrastructure foundation to support this next era of intelligent computing. Collectively, these advancements highlight F5's growing role in a hybrid multi-cloud landscape that is increasingly influenced by AI. Today, we continue to win AI use cases across three areas of high-performance data delivery and security. One, delivering and securing data used for both AI model training and inference. This is where F5 is deployed in front of data stores like our partner NetApp. Two, delivering and securing access to AI models for inferencing. This is where organizations are deploying F5 in front of AI models like OpenAI's ChatGPT and Anthropic's Cloud. And three, AI factory load balancing both across AI factories and within AI factories as a result of partnerships, including our collaboration with NVIDIA. We are winning deals across all three use cases today. In Q2, we secured several new AI wins, including an AI gateway and F5 distributed cloud services win with a service provider in our APAC region. The customer aims to establish central governance controls and robust security guardrails within their AI infrastructure. By utilizing F5, they are protecting their ChatGPT interface from prompt injections and abuse, while scaling cost effectively for multilingual customer support and ensuring compliance with government regulations. We also secured a win with a North American based retailer who is leveraging F5's BIG-IP to deliver responsive, real-time AI powered consumer voice interactions at scale. BIG-IP ensures fast, accurate, and low latency performance by optimizing traffic and load balancing across the customer's GPUs, plus enabling seamless real-time decision making and response. We are also delivering robust security features to protect sensitive consumer data and the scalability to handle growing AI workloads. In addition, in the second quarter, increased capacity demands with two existing AI customers drove expansion revenue. Before I hand the call to Cooper, I will wrap up my prepared remarks with some examples of how customers are leveraging F5 to address their very real ball of fire challenges. I will categorize these across F5's three primary differentiators. First, F5 has the most effective and comprehensive application and API security platform in the industry. We enable our customers to consolidate point products targeting specific threats onto a single integrated platform with a suite of best-in-class capabilities. Second, F5's hybrid multi-cloud strategy enables consolidation on a single vendor for app security and delivery. Only F5 delivers solutions that extend from customers on premises environments across public cloud to the edge. F5 simplify connecting this put infrastructure environments and the application deployed in and across them. And third, F5 solutions streamline customers' operations with consistent policies, comprehensive automation, and rich analytics. We enable customers to simplify their operational management across all environments. As an example of a customer win that resulted from our comprehensive app and API security, during Q2, we secured a win with a leading insurance company in our LATAM region. The customer required a modern, flexible, scalable API security solution that could support their rapidly growing API landscape while also ensuring high availability between their main and secondary data centers. F5's hybrid approach strongly appeals to their needs, and they deployed a combination of systems and SaaS deployment models with F5 BIG-IP and distributed cloud services. A standout example of F5's consolidation power came from a win with a major health insurer in our EMEA region. After initially pursuing a cloud native strategy, the customer turned to F5 to consolidate and unify its security posture across its hybrid on premises and cloud environment. The customer deployed big IP hardware and software as well as WAAP via distributed cloud services resulting in greater operational efficiency and enhanced observability. Finally, representative of F5's ability to automate and streamline, we landed a win with a large financial institution in our EMEA region. The customer is modernizing its network and needed a solution that provided scalability with enhanced security while also enabling them to automate using infrastructure as code. The customer is leveraging BIG-IP's automation capabilities to remove manual processes and life cycle risk. In addition, they are taking advantage of F5's BIG-IP scalability and distributed cloud services ability to support their multi -cloud strategies. F5 differentiated approach to hybrid multi cloud also continues to drive competitive displacement momentum across our portfolio. For instance, during Q2, we successfully displaced a traditional ADC competitor at a leading North American insurance brokerage. F5 superior ADC capabilities and exceptional responsiveness capitalized on the customer's growing concerns about its incumbent provider, allowing us to secure a deal for F5 BIG-IP to support the customer's internal application and delivery solution. Also in Q2, we underscored F5's value as a strategic partner to our customers. A North American based service provider, already an F5 customer, chose F5 to replace its longtime incumbent DDoS provider. This decision was driven not only by our robust DDoS capabilities, but also by our ability to consolidate multiple functionalities, enabling the customer to streamline vendor management. Collectively, these wins highlight F5's growing role in a hybrid multi-cloud landscape that is increasingly influenced by AI. Now, I will turn the call to Cooper to speak to our Q2 results and provide some additional color on our outlook. Cooper?
Cooper Werner: Thank you, Francois, and hello, everyone. I will review our Q2 results before I elaborate on our Q3 and FY ‘25 outlook. As Francois noted, we delivered a strong Q2, growing revenue 7% to $731 million and reflecting a mix of 54% global services revenue and 46% product revenue. Global services revenue of $394 million grew 3%. Product revenue totaled $337 million, up 12% year-over-year due to strong systems growth. Our software revenue of $158 million was flat, as Q2 had our smallest subscription renewal base of the year. Q2 subscription-based software revenue totaled $138 million, down 2% year-over-year, representing 87% of our total software revenue. Perpetual license software totaled $20 million in Q2, up 9% year-over-year. Systems revenue totaled $179 million, up 27% year-over-year. Our systems revenue is benefiting from a number of factors. First, customers continue to refresh aging hardware states. Similar to last quarter, we experienced widespread refresh activity in Q2 with strong customer demand across verticals and geographies. In addition, upcoming end of software support dates for our VIPRION and iSeries families are also driving reinvestment by customers. Combined, these families account for more than 50% of our installed base, representing a significant ongoing refresh opportunity. Beyond these F5 specific drivers and the mechanics of a normal refresh cycle, we believe there are several durable tailwinds benefiting our systems business. First, customers are building out their future hybrid multi-cloud architectures, as they modernize and expand data centers. Second, customers are investing to prepare for AI. Third, we are driving continued competitive displacement and new customer wins as a result of our commitment to innovation. We believe all of these factors are contributing to our system strength and to our opportunity going forward. Revenue from recurring sources contributed 72% of our Q2 revenue. Our recurring revenue comes from a combination of our subscription-based revenue and the maintenance portion of our global services revenue. Shifting to revenue distribution by region, our teams drove growth across all theaters. Revenue from The Americas grew 3% year-over-year, representing 54% of total revenue. EMEA delivered 20% growth, representing 29% of revenue, and APAC grew 3%, representing 17% of revenue. Looking at our major verticals, enterprise customers represented 69% of Q2's product bookings. Government customers represented 20% of product bookings, including 7% from U.S. Federal. Finally, service providers represented 11% of Q2 product bookings. Our continued operating discipline contributed to our strong Q2 operating results. GAAP gross margin was 80.7%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 83.1%, up 98 basis points year-over-year. Our GAAP operating expenses were $431 million. Our non-GAAP operating expenses were $374 million. Our GAAP operating margin was 21.7%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 31.9%, an improvement of 103 basis points year-over-year. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 15%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 18.1%. This reflects a one-time benefit recorded in Q2, related to foreign operations. Our GAAP net income for the quarter was $146 million or $2.48 per share. Our non-GAAP net income was $201 million or $3.42 per share, reflecting 18% growth from the year ago period. I will now turn to cash flow and balance sheet metrics, all of which remained very strong. We generated a record $257 million in cash flow from operations in Q2. CapEx was $11 million, DSO for the quarter was 47 days. Cash and investments totaled approximately $1.27 billion at quarter end. Deferred revenue was $1.92 billion up 6% from the year ago period. In Q2, we repurchased $125 million worth of F5 shares at an average price of $259 per share. As of the end of Q2, we had $1.2 billion remaining on our authorized stock repurchase program. Year-to-date, we have repurchased shares equivalent to 57% of our free cash flow. Finally, we ended the quarter with approximately 6,500 employees. Before I speak to our outlook, let me touch on the topic of tariffs with respect to potential cost impacts as well as our supply chain. On the cost side, we have low tariff exposure across our systems business as the majority of our finished goods are USMCA compliant and are therefore duty free on import into The United States from our Mexico based contract manufacturing facility. Outside of our finished goods, we have a small amount of tariff exposure related to peripherals and other internal use goods imported from various countries. In total, we estimate our FY 25 tariff related costs will be in the low single-digit millions, which we expect to offset through ongoing efficiency gains in our manufacturing and support operations. From a supply perspective, we do not expect any material impacts to lead times or availability as a result of our resilient and diversified global supply chain. I will now speak to our Q3 and full year outlook. With the exception of revenue, my guidance comments reference non-GAAP metrics. As Francois noted, visibility into our Q3 pipeline and customer demand remains strong, and we are not seeing any direct signs of near-term demand erosion. Accounting for these factors, we expect Q3 revenue in the range of $740 million to $760 million implying 8% year-over-year growth at the midpoint. We expect growth will be driven by sustained strong demand for F5 solutions in support of data center modernization and strong software revenue growth supported by a substantial subscription software renewal base in Q3. We expect non-GAAP gross margin of approximately 83% to 83.5%. We estimate Q3 non-GAAP operating expenses of $366 million to $378 million. We expect Q3 share based compensation expense of approximately $57 million to $59 million. We anticipate Q3 non GAAP EPS in a range of $3.41 to $3.53 per share. I will now speak to our fiscal '25 outlook. Balancing the strength we are currently seeing in the business with some prudence in relation to the macro environment, we are raising our revenue outlook for FY '25 to 6.5% to 7.5% growth, up from our prior range of 6% to 7%. This view incorporates our expectations that both systems and software revenue will grow double-digits for the year. We continue to expect FY '25 non-GAAP gross margin in a range of 83% to 84% and non-GAAP operating margin at or around 35%. We are adjusting our expected FY '25 non-GAAP effective tax rate to a range of 20% to 22% from the prior range of 21% to 23%. This change reflects the onetime benefit recorded in Q2 related to foreign operations. We are raising our FY '25 EPS outlook to growth of 8% to 10%, up from our prior guidance of 6.5% to 8.5% growth, driven by the increase in our revenue outlook and the benefit from the tax rate change. Finally, we intend to continue to use at least 50% of our annual free cash flow towards share repurchases in FY '25. With that, I'll turn the call over to Francois.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Cooper. Today, F5 is delivering the hybrid multi-cloud solutions our customers need we are alleviating the high costs, crushing complexity, and escalating cyber risks IT teams face in an increasingly AI-driven hybrid and multi-cloud world. With the recently introduced F5 Application Delivery and Security Platform, we are enabling consistent policies, full visibility, and AI-driven insights all from a single platform that is flexible to deploy. We are delivering new capabilities that give CISOs the visibility, compliance, and protection they need to deliver and secure any app, any API, anywhere. F5 is also claiming a growing role across the broader hybrid multi-cloud landscape and building the infrastructure foundation to support the next era of intelligent computing. Operator, please open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Tim Long with Barclays.
Tim Long: Thank you. Maybe one and then a follow-up if I could as well. Yes. Thanks for the comments here, guys. On the software side, it seems like a little bit of a underperformance in Q2, maybe that we just had it in the whole thing correctly, but pretty big growth in the second half embedded to get to double-digits. So, could you just give us a little color? It sounds like the subscription pipeline is strong. Just curious how that's going to break out between, maybe renewals or new business. And given the macro uncertainty, is there any risk to that? And then, on the follow-up on the hardware side that you, Cooper, I think you listed a number of things that are positive. I'm just curious how big of a driver and how the ramp of these replacements will go. Is that, currently, one of the major things that customers are talking about as far as their upgrades and that 50%, is that, do you expect that to move rather quickly, away from the base that's aged?
Cooper Werner: Sure. Thanks, Tim. I'll start with the software question. You're right. The growth is really weighted to the second half of the year, tied to a pretty substantial renewal opportunity we have across both Q3 and Q4, and that's something we outlined at the beginning of the year. So, I think that software really is kind of progressing with the seasonality that we're expecting going into the year. The mix related to the renewals in the second half is that, that's a higher weighting. We talked about going into the year, roughly two-thirds of our software business would likely come from renewals and that renewal component is more weighted to second half. And so, and the last thing I'll say on that is the visibility we have within that renewal opportunity is pretty good. So, we have good insights as to how customers have been deploying their software that's coming up for renewal. We've seen a continuation of the trend of expansion at renewal across the portfolio. And so, just based on everything that we're seeing across that base in the second half, we think we've got a pretty good insight as to what that growth rate looks for the second half, in line with the double-digit guide for the year.
Francois Locoh-Donou: And Tim, I'll take your question on hardware. So obviously, you saw hardware was up 27% year-on-year this quarter with strong revenue growth. And as we shared in the prepared remarks, a meaningful portion of that, of course, is driven by strong momentum on the refresh cycle, and we think that cycle will last into well into 2026. Given the fact that we had a number of customers that didn't sweat assets in 2023 and early 2024 and are now proceeding with this refresh, and as Cooper mentioned, there's a significant portion of our installed base that is going to be up for refresh over the next coming two quarters. That said, the strength that we are seeing in hardware, if you dig into it, it's a lot more than just refresh. We're seeing some tailwinds in what I would call the non-refresh business that are driven by three factors. One is, we are seeing as customers really embedded us in their future forward architectures, those hybrid and multi-cloud architectures, we are seeing more investment in data center modernization and expansion of data center capacity and customers also getting ready for AI. So that's one tailwind to the hardware business. We're also continuing to displace competitors and that's also creating tailwind on the hardware business. And then the third tailwind, of course, is AI where we are seeing growing momentum in a number of use cases around supporting AI workloads. So data delivery for AI workloads and increasingly also some use cases in security. So those are three tailwinds we're seeing on the hardware business. Now if you pull way off from your question, you know, which was part of that software and hardware, the overall strength we're seeing on the business is really driven by these hybrid multi cloud architectures where we have, you know, more and more customers that, you know, want to have applications on premise, want to have applications in public cloud, are operating across multiple infrastructure environments, really want the flexibility to be able to deploy in software, in Software-as-a-Service or in hardware, don't necessarily know what model they will deploy at what time, but really look at F5 as a partner that really is the only company that can serve all these models, and deploy across all these environments. So that's driving, both the strength I think we're going to see this year in in software and the strength in hardware.
Operator: Our next question is from Ryan Koontz with Needham & Company.
Ryan Koontz: Great. Thanks for the question. Congrats on a great quarter there. Nice to be on the call. I want to ask about your competitive displacement opportunity here. How would you characterize kind of where you are in that cycle? Or do you feel like you've got enough critical mass here in terms of really getting sizable wins in displacing and how long do you think that cycle can last?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Ryan. I'll put it in two categories. The first category is essentially going into new accounts or accounts where we have not been the main provider, specifically in ADC, and displacing competitors that are not performing. We still think we are in early innings in that opportunity and that the majority of the opportunity there still is ahead of us, and we think will continue for multiple quarters. We have won several hundred accounts in that category, but in the vast majority of these accounts, when we are winning the initial lending, we are winning less than half of the installed base upfront. And therefore, there's opportunity to expand within the accounts where we have already made a displacement. And of course, there are a lot of other accounts we'll be going after over the next several quarters. So, I think it's early innings and the majority of the opportunity is ahead of us. There is a second category of displacement, which is where we are already present in an account, but we are consolidating, increasingly consolidating functionality into, onto F5 typically displacing a competitor that offers a point product, be it in security or in app delivery and we're consolidating on F5. Now, that motion has been in place now for several quarters. You may have seen that we announced earlier this quarter the launch of our application delivery and security platform, which really converges more delivery and security functionality into a single stack and brings a lot of analytics and insights to make it way easier to manage, to visualize, to provision, app delivery and security services. And so, we expect that with the launch of that platform, our ability to consolidate functionality and take share from consolidating vendors out will accelerate. And when you combine those portfolio capabilities, if you will, with the commercial flexibility that we offer our customers to consume in hardware, to consume in perpetual license, in hardware or software, in subscription model and in a Software-as-a-Service model. And the fact that we've brought these consumption models under the right commercial vehicle that accelerates our ability as well to consolidate functionality into F5 into our large accounts. So, those would be the two categories of displacement. Both opportunities we think are still largely ahead of us.
Ryan Koontz: Super helpful color there. A quick follow-up if I could around the platform. How fully featured is this? It's around BIG-IP, right, the platform play?
Cooper Werner: No. The platform play is, it's really bringing our three product families together. So, you have BIG-IP, F5 distributed cloud and NGINX, all coming under the single umbrella of the application delivery and security platform.
Operator: Our next question is from Amit Daryanani with Evercore.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks a lot. Good afternoon for taking my question. I guess, Francois, maybe just start off with, you folks obviously are seeing very good growth on the hardware system side in the front half. First half of the year, it's up like 22%. Just given everything you've talked about, both from a displacement side plus the refresh cycle, can you just talk about why the embedded assumption that this growth would decelerate to, I think you're implying high single-digit growth in the back half of the year. Maybe just help understand like what's decelerating to that magnitude on the hardware side in the back half of the year?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes. So, look, essentially, you will have seen, Amit, that we raised our total revenue guidance from 6% to 7% to 6.5% to 7.5% for the full year. Now when we look at the second half of the year and the revenue the guidance raised on the revenue, we were appropriately conservative in that raise largely because of the volatility we see in the macro. Now, I want to be very clear about this. We are not seeing today any change in, the buying behavior or demand patterns of our customers as a result of the macro. We have been looking at this very closely. We are looking at pipeline creation, we are looking at close rates on pipeline, we are looking at linearity, we are looking at the time it takes to close deals. And we haven't seen any change frankly over the last quarter with our customers. That said, when we were projecting to full year guidance, we decided to whilst raising guidance, we decided to be appropriately conservative given what could come to be seen later on in the year if the macro environment deteriorates from where it is today.
Amit Daryanani: Got it. That's perfectly helpful. And then if I could just follow-up, we talked about sort of 3 use cases on AI that are starting to ramp up from what you folks see. Can you just talk about at least qualitatively, which of the three use cases you think is the largest opportunity from a dollar basis for the company? And then where are you seeing better traction right now versus not?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yeah. That's a, you know, a really important topic. We are -- the largest use case for us today in terms of where most we're seeing most of the dollars is in data delivery for AI models. So this is where, you know, we are, you know, BIG-IP, is typically actually in hardware is being inserted in front of data stores to enable the rapid movement and secure movement of massive amounts of data between data stores and AI applications in training or in inferencing, frankly. So that is the, I would say, the lion's share of the opportunity today. Then when we go to the next two, we think they are largely ahead of us. We are starting with, security and securing and, what app you know, securing AI powered applications, both with our WAF solution and with the AI gateway that we just recently announced, which is a new solution that's purpose built for AI, that, went, you know, went GA this quarter, and we're starting to see early traction with that. But again, that opportunity is very early and the third opportunity is also early, which is AI factory load balancing. Again, BIG-IP will play an important role in that, load balancing traffic in front of AI factories or within AI factories.
Operator: Our next question is from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan Chase.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I guess Francois, if I can start off with the going back to the hardware revenue that you're seeing. In terms of sort of overall giving investors comfort that it's not driven by any pull forward of hardware purchases by companies because of sort of pre anticipating some of the tariff led price increases. Can you just talk a bit more about which products you're seeing this hardware sort of acceleration in? Is it just products end of life in this year? Or is it more broad-based across the sort of hardware portfolio? It'll be just interesting to know and sort of how are you driving your own confidence that it's not a bit of a pull forward ahead of tariffs. And secondly, if I can just ask more on the software perpetual revenue, if I look at the trends last quarter relative to sort of this quarter where you had a step down. Can you just highlight what did you see in terms of the customer sort of overall lower engagement on the perpetual side this quarter? What drove that? And any insights that you're drawing in terms of what the overall customer engagement or pipeline looks like from that perpetual revenue?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes. So let me start with the hardware. I think Cooper will answer your question on software. Like, we did not see any hardware pull-in in Q2. We worked with our customers any -- I should go back a little bit. If you recall, in our first quarter, we had announced a January price increase. And during the December quarter, we mentioned that we had seen some level of pull in from customers looking to avoid that price increase in January. And so we kind of recognize the patterns of when customers do that. In this quarter, in Q2, we did not see any of these patterns of customers falling in orders prematurely in order to avoid the tariff impact or anything else like that. So we didn't see any push out of demand, but we didn't see any pull in of demand either in Q2. The only place where perhaps we think that may be the case, but it would be more of a Q3 effect is in the U.S. federal government, where with the disruptions from the efforts from those customers may get a little nervous about budgets down the road. So that's where we might see it. I remind you that federal government is in high-single-digits in terms of total amount of our business. So it would be a limited effect anyway, but we did see it in Q2 across the business. So that's on the overall hardware demand. I'll have Cooper answer your question on software.
Cooper Werner: Yes. And then I'll just add to that. I mean, broadly, in the quarter, I would say we chair very orderly. So we track all the signals around things like price pull-ins, related pull-ins or other kind of unnatural demand behaviors. We look at things like just the weekly close rates against our quietly commits and linearity, and it really kind of just tracked to our expectations throughout the quarter, both on hardware and our software business. Now speaking to perpetual software, it was really kind of in the range that we typically would see for Q2. Just as a reminder, most of our customers prefer to buy in a subscription model for software. We do have a handful of customers that may have a CapEx need, particularly in service provider. That is tended to align more to our fiscal Q1 tied to search provider budgets. So the kind of sequential decline that we saw in perpetual software was really kind of in line with our expectations going into the quarter and what we've seen in prior years. So basically is pretty much in line with our expectations through the quarter for both hardware and software.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Ng: I have 2 as well. First, just on systems. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the iSeries, VIPRION installed-base being 50% of the total systems installed-base. I guess, first, like how big is the installed base in nominal terms? And could you just talk about the typical price increase or price mix increase that you see when you transition to, I guess, it would be rSeries and VELOS, respectively?
Cooper Werner: Yes, I'll take that. So we've discussed in the past some upcoming end of software support dates for the VIPRION and iSeries families. And just as a reminder, the VIPRION family goes end of software support in April of '26 and iSeries is in January of '27. And combined, those 2 product families are well over half of our installed base to date. So we think that, that represents a pretty durable opportunity over the next couple of years. And iSeries is the larger of those 2 in terms of mix of our installed-base. And then in terms of pricing, we increased our pricing generally 5% across the portfolio, although the price increase is a little bit larger on the rSeries, just accounting for the price performance advantage that our newly introduced rSeries appliance family has against the prior generations. And so that's -- we'll start to see that flow through the model. We didn't really see a big pickup in Q2 just because we just introduced the price increases in it takes a couple of quarters for those to kind of flow through into the deals that we're quoting. But broadly, that's kind of the mechanics of our price increases.
Michael Ng: Great. And just my second question, just on software. You talked about the subscription renewal base picking up as we head into the second half of the year that drives the acceleration in software growth. Just wondering if we'll be largely through that renewal by the end of this year, said differently as the renewal base in '26 is going to be smaller than ’25. And how should we think about the implications for growth?
Cooper Werner: Thanks. That's a great question. So our software business is weighted towards renewals because we've been doing the subscription for several years now in our renewals, our lead commercial vehicle for our software subscription business is what we call our flexible consumption program, and those tend to be 3-year contracts. And so you kind of get these -- they're not the same as a refresh cycle, but it's a renewal cycle that tends to wait to a 3-year cadence. And so one kind of way that you can track the pace of that is to look back at what we did in software in prior years. And so that's where you'll see that we have a lot of strength in that renewal base in the back half of this year. And again, the visibility on that is really good. It's a highly -- we have very high renewal rates, and we've had a really good track record of expansion. And so that's what's giving us the confidence in the software growth for the year. As we look ahead to FY '26. Again, on the 3-year renewal cycle, you can look back to FY '23 where software was flattish over '22. There was some growth in the subscription component of that software revenue outcome, but that will be a bit of a math headwind in FY '26. And then you can look ahead to the next year, in FY '27, you'll see more of a math tailwind just tied to that 3-year renewal cycle. So having said that, while that's a little bit of a headwind in FY '26. We're continuing to see increased rates of expansions across the portfolio. And so we think there is an opportunity to continue to drive growth just in terms of the adoption of software by our customers, and that's what we're most focused on. And so those are just some of the things that we're thinking about as we look ahead beyond FY '25.
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew Hedberg with RBC.
Unidentified Analyst : This is Mike Richard on for Matt. You touched a little bit earlier on maybe seeing some pull-in from Fed in Q3. Just any other color around how Fed performed relative to expectations and your assumptions for Fed moving to the year? And any other color on dose impacts there would be helpful.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Matt. Generally, we had a strong quarter in the Fed performed in line with our expectations or a little better. So we didn't see any disruption really in Q2 to our Fed business. That said, when we spoke with our customers in the Fed towards the end of the quarter and looking into Q3 and Q4, I think they were starting to feel a little more nervous about the potential disruptions that would come from those. It's a very dynamic situation. It's different from one agency to the other. So it's difficult to say exactly whether the disruption will be some push-outs or some pull-in. But I think we're going to start to feel more of the dose effect in the second half of the year. That said, also, we are -- generally, the projects that we are associated with are security projects that tend to be prioritized and are pretty important for the agencies that we work with. So in terms of the overall budget level, the feedback we do get is that they would tend to prioritize the work that they're doing with F5.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. And then maybe just from a geographic perspective, anything to call out. It looked like EMEA was pretty strong in the quarter. So just any commentary there.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Matt. No, I think things geographically landed as we expected. The international business was actually pretty strong. Both EMEA and Asia performed largely within our expectations. And North America was pretty strong. So there was nothing really out of the ordinary to note. Of course, we have an easy comp with EMEA because the revenues a year ago were not strong there. So it grew substantially in the quarter. But overall, in line with our expectations.
Operator: Our next question is from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley.
Meta Marshall: Yes. Maybe kind of following up on a couple of questions. Understanding that you didn't see any pull in, in fiscal Q2. But I guess just we are a month into the quarter, is the linearity that you're seeing in fiscal Q3 any different than you would have traditionally kind of seen end of fiscal Q3 versus expectations? And then second, just on the last question about kind of international. The dollar has weakened a little bit in the last month. I guess, has that changed your expectation or change the behavior of international customers where that business has actually gotten stronger as the dollar has weakened slightly.
Cooper Werner: Yes. Thanks, Meta. So on the pull-in question, we didn't really see any material pull-in I think as we're looking at the first few weeks of the quarter, we're seeing really strong results, hitting our weekly commence. Again, that's the first leading indicator that we look at and it's been very healthy linearity is right where we would expect it to be for the quarter. I mean, clearly, in this environment, we're being extra mindful and focused on any indicators that we could see if there was any erosion. We just have not seen any thus far. So we feel pretty good from where we sit. On the international side, yes, the weakening dollar does provide a little bit of a benefit just in terms of the street pricing. But having said that, the dollar had strengthened early in the year. So I think that's just kind of balancing out nothing that we've really seen that's driving any kind of increased velocity around sales cycles or kind of operating just within a relevant range that we've been at over the last several quarters.
Operator: Our next question is from Tal Liani with Bank of America.
Tal Liani: I want to go back to the first question we had by Tim Long and the question is if -- I'm trying to learn from a quarter where you have no growth in software because that's when we can see the drivers. And if you had no growth because of renewals, it means that when you have growth, it's always coming just from renewals. So the question is, why don't we see growth from new products, new markets, new drivers that you have in the quarter that renewal is weak? Why don't we see the other drivers? And does it mean that when it grows, is it mostly about the accounting of renewals? And that's kind of the first question. The second question is, we talk a lot about AI, and you have a great position in AI. And this is enterprise, right? So the question is about timing. When do you think AI starts to be a meaningful driver or a notable driver to growth?
Cooper Werner: I'll start on the renewals and new components of our software growth. So we do believe that the renewal motion is going to be the driver of growth over time. But let's be clear, this isn't just a refresh or a repeat buy. This is the maturity of the subscription model where every year when you sell new, that then adds to that renewal base. So over time, the renewal base growing in size year in, year out is what's going to drive our renewal revenue opportunity. And then especially important is the ability to expand on that growing base. And so that's what we expect to happen over time. It's what we've been seeing in any given quarter, again, there's going to be some lumpiness on the reported revenue just because they come on these 3-year refresh cycles where you have the upfront revenue recognition. And so we said that last quarter when the growth was very strong on a reported basis, and we'll say it again this quarter when it's flat. And then we said in the second half of the year, we expect to see healthy growth again on that renewal basis. So when we look at the new projects, that's really an opportunity for us to engage with new customers, and that's an important part of our model. But it's not going to be the driver of the overall growth over time. It's really just an opportunity for us to continue to add to that renewal base from which we drive our revenue growth.
Francois Locoh-Donou: And Tal, on your question on AI. Look, we are already driving revenue from AI today. And I mentioned earlier that there are 3 areas where we're driving and seeing growing momentum in AI. And those are specific use cases that our customers identify as AI use cases. There are certain -- we also believe that some of the strength we're seeing in AI -- sorry, in hardware, even in hardware fresh from customers, is actually driven by some of our customers getting ready for AI and increasing capacity and driving expansion in their data centers for AI, even though they don't necessarily target to that at the time of a transaction with us. And those things are happening today, and we think it's early days, but it is going to grow over time. We're also very excited, Tal, by the innovation that we are starting to bring to market in AI. So I mentioned earlier that we just launched an AI Gateway, which we think is going to gain traction in the market with the need to secure AI applications to secure large language models. And we're also driving innovation with AI inside of our own portfolio that will further our differentiation and competitiveness in the market. We just launched our application delivery and security platform. We're leveraging AI in that platform to bring analytics to bring insights to customers to make it way easier for them to deliver and secure their applications. And that is a catalyst for growth over time as we consolidate more functionality on to F5 and expand into existing customers. So the AI opportunity when you look at it in aggregate, we're really happy with where we are. It so happened that the big challenges in AI are moving data and moving data securely. And we happen to have the best technology in the industry to move data security and a real speed for customers. So the opportunity is in front of us, and I think will be durable over time.
Operator: Our next question is from James Fish with Piper Sandler.
James Fish: Francois, for you, going back a bunch of questions ago, you gave 4 sort of ranking on the hardware side? Is there a way to you either rank or give a mix as to what's impacting between that refresh data center modernization competitor displacements and AI? And then Cooper for you, to get to your software number in the second half, given what you have disclosed and even in kind of mapping out the renewals and all that, it was just a new recurring business or even assigned to the perpetual side of things, is it that new piece would be up year-on-year versus what you're doing today for the second half. So I guess what's giving the confidence that we're going to actually see growth on the new business side or either or an expansion on the expansion rate?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Jim, I can start on the first part of your question, which was ranking the drivers of the strength we're seeing in systems demand I would say that tech refresh is the number 1 driver today of that demand. And I would probably put DC modernization and net expansion, but it's really these high grid multi-cloud architectures as really number 2 in what we're seeing in the strength in demand. Now that we believe, includes customers also getting ready for AI. So you can see there's an element of AI that is into that. But I would -- it's a broader thing than just AI aside of modernization and capacity expansion. Third would be competitive displacement. And fourth would be AI would be the ranking -- meaning by that direct AI use cases that we are winning today. So that would be the rating that I would put to that. But overall, we're seeing refresh motion very strong and significant tailwinds as well that are building up and hopefully will grow over the next several quarters.
Cooper Werner: Yes. And then just to speak to software, we actually don't -- we're not assuming strong growth from new. The growth is really coming from the renewal. And again, this is we've got strong visibility as to how customers are using our software within their existing contracts. And for these large contracts, we engage early with the customers just to do the sizing and plan that next renewal, and we've got a really good handle on what that expansion rate will look like for the second half of the year. And so that's where we feel very good. Now there's an opportunity to grow on new that could be upside to our expectation for the year for software. But we went into the year saying that software we had sized as being kind of flat year-over-year and that the growth was coming from renewal. We had very strong expansion in Q1 on a couple of our larger deals. And then the rest of the renewal base really that's set going into the year. So we've got that visibility. And then what we track is what the consumption is within that renewal base, and that's what we see as being very healthy and it gives us that confidence in the second half for software.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to hand the floor back over to Francois Locoh-Donou for any closing remarks.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you for joining us today. We look forward to seeing many of you during the quarter and to discussing F5's growing role in the broader hybrid and multi-cloud landscape. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2025 Q1  (2025-01-28 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5, Inc. First Quarter Fiscal 2025 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Also, today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I'll now turn the call over to Ms. Suzanne DuLong. Ma'am, you may begin.
Suzanne DuLong: Hello, and welcome. I'm Suzanne DuLong, F5's Vice President of Investor Relations. We're here with you today to discuss our first quarter fiscal year 2025 financial results. Francois Locoh-Donou, F5's President and CEO; and Cooper Werner, F5's Executive Vice President and CFO, will be making prepared remarks on today's call. Other members of the F5 executive team are also here to answer questions during the Q&A session. A copy of today's press release is available on our website at f5.com, where an archived version of today's audio will be available through April 28, 2025. We'll post the slide deck accompanying today's webcast to our IR site at the conclusion of our call. To access the replay of today's webcast by phone, dial (877) 660-6853 or (201) 612-7415 and use meeting ID 1374-9373. The telephonic replay will be available through midnight Pacific Time, January 29, 2025. For additional information or follow-up questions, please reach out to me directly at s.dulong@f5.com. Our discussion today will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. We have summarized factors that may affect our results in the press release announcing our financial results and in detail in our SEC filings. In addition, we will reference non-GAAP metrics during today's discussion. Please see our full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation in today's press release and in the appendix of our earnings slide deck. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. During today's call, Francois will speak to our Q1 highlights and our strategy and growth opportunities. Cooper will then review the details of our Q1 results and our outlook. I'll now turn the call over to Francois.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Suzanne, and hello, everyone. We are really pleased to share our robust Q1 results with you today. F5's alignment with significant secular trends, a more stable IT spending environment and our strong execution contributed to another record quarter. We delivered 11% total revenue growth, including 20% product revenue growth. Software revenue grew 22% and systems revenue grew 18% with strength from all geographies. Our revenue outperformance also drove Q1 non-GAAP EPS of $3.84, a beat of $0.43 above the top end of our guidance range. The quarter's strength is multifaceted and reflects a continuation of the trends we observed in the second half of last year. First, we are benefiting from consistently strong expansion of our software subscriptions, many of which have exceeded our expansion forecast. Second, with a more stable IT spending environment, new software demand continues to grow as customers resume transformative and modernization projects. And third, technology refresh activity is increasing, driving demand for both software and systems. Our pipeline shows these drivers will persist into Q2, contributing to our expectations for Q2 revenue in a range of $705 million to $725 million, implying roughly 5% growth at the midpoint. In addition, reflecting our Q1 outperformance and our better-than-expected Q2 forecast, we are raising our FY '25 revenue expectations to 6% to 7% growth, up from our initial guidance of 4% to 5% growth. Cooper will speak to our outlook in greater detail in just a few minutes. Before he does, I will spend a few minutes discussing F5's differentiation and highlighting some customer wins from Q1. Over the last several years, we have substantially reshaped F5 for the hybrid and multi-cloud architectures of the AI era. With all its advantages, hybrid multi-cloud also brings with it new challenges. IT teams are being overwhelmed by high cost, crushing complexity and escalating cyber risk, a set of challenges we call the ball of fire. As AI becomes ubiquitous, it will add fuel to the ball of fire, requiring more capacity to handle massive amounts of data, more sophisticated traffic management to deal with complex traffic patterns and enhanced security capabilities to stay ahead of new security threats. Unlike competitors who invested solely in cloud or SaaS, or significantly reduced investment limiting their applicability in a multi-cloud world, over the last several years, F5 innovated across hybrid SaaS and next-generation software and hardware. As a result, we stand alone with the only complete hybrid multi-cloud portfolio for application security and delivery. We are the only player that can partner with a CIO or CISO to secure and deliver all of their applications and APIs across hybrid, multi-cloud environments. We are differentiated across three primary vectors. First, F5 has the most effective and comprehensive application and API security platform in the industry. We enable our customers to consolidate point products targeting specific threads onto a single integrated platform with a suite of best-in-class capabilities. A notable example of the power of our ability to consolidate multiple security point products comes in the form of a significant Q1 renewal and expansion with a major financial services customer. Along with the anticipated renewal and expansion of its sizable BIG-IP and NGINX term subscription, the customer converged multiple security point solutions on to F5, adding SSLO and DDoS use cases. The result was a larger-than-expected expansion on what was already an 8-figure renewal. Second, F5's hybrid multi-cloud strategy enables consolidation on a single vendor for app security and delivery. Only F5 delivers solutions that extend from customers' on-premise environments across public clouds to the edge. F5 simplifies connecting disparate infrastructure environments and the applications deployed in and across them. In Q1, a regional utility company in North America modernized its BIG-IP application hosting, security and remote access infrastructure. The customer also deployed F5 distributed cloud services to support its modern applications, displacing two F5 competitors and consolidating their traditional and modern applications and investment on F5. Third, F5 solutions streamline customers' operations with consistent policies, comprehensive automation and rich analytics. We enable customers to simplify their operational management across all environments. One of the largest private sector banks in APAC offers a great example of this dynamic. The customer has deployed F5's Unified Security Policy, displacing two point security competitors and consolidating on F5 for multiple use cases across their on-premises, public clouds and Kubernetes environments, leveraging F5 in SaaS, software and hardware deployment models. F5 is vastly simplifying hybrid multi-cloud complexity for customers. By converging multiple point solutions to address high-performance traffic management, full web app and API security, multi-cloud networking and AI gateway capabilities, we are empowering customers with simplicity and choice. F5 enables them to tame the ball of fire with the right mix of hardware, software and SaaS that best fits their operating model, deploying securely and consistently on-premises, in the cloud or at the edge. F5's differentiated approach to hybrid multi-cloud is also driving competitive displacement momentum across our full range of hardware, software and SaaS deployment models. In fact, in Q1, we achieved a record number of competitive displacements. These included a notable win with a home improvement retailer. Following a series of escalating challenges with its incumbent ADC provider, the customer is replacing them with F5 BIG-IP, leveraging BIG-IP's automation capabilities to support their application delivery infrastructure and to streamline operations. In another example of a competitive takeout in Q1, a leading American insurance provider and long-time BIG-IP customer chose F5's distributed cloud services to eliminate its growing security tools sprawl and reduce associated administrative burdens and costs. The customer is replacing their prior API protection provider with F5's distributed cloud services, web application and API protection or WAP solution. In doing so, they are enhancing their application and API security while consolidating tooling. Before I pass the call to Cooper, as I have in prior quarters, I will discuss the latest developments we see emerging with AI. In the last year, organizations across the globe have embraced AI as a strategic imperative. We expect that within three years, 80% of applications and processes will be infused with AI. There is evidence of this ramp in our own business with more than 50% of our F5 distributed cloud customers already leveraging our AI agent, which provides configuration assistance and insights. While AI promises to bring massive productivity benefits, it is also creating new compliance, infrastructure, networking and security challenges for customers. AI is already exacerbating the ball of fire and accelerating the pressure to simplify hybrid multi-cloud deployments. Our early AI opportunities are concentrated on three areas of high-performance data delivery and security. The dominant AI opportunity for F5 thus far is delivering and securing data for both AI model training and inference. AI model training requires higher performance traffic management to ensure the efficiency, speed and reliability of lengthy and expensive training processes. Customers are using F5 BIG-IP to move incredible amounts of data at high speed to and from their data stores, providing greater efficiency for the training process. AI inference is having a profound effect on infrastructure as well. When customers perform retrieval augmented generation or RAG, as a part of inference, they see a sharp increase in the number of queries going to their data stores. As a result, these data stores experience congestion and latency, slowing overall infrastructure performance. By deploying BIG-IP in front of their data stores, customers are able to scale to handle the vast and increasing amounts of queries related to RAG. The result is improved availability and resiliency for their AI workloads. The second AI opportunity we see today leverages our market-leading WAP solution for secure AI inferencing. APIs connect the AI ecosystem and AI APIs are subject to the same security challenges and vulnerabilities as traditional APIs. F5's WAP solutions protect hybrid and multi-cloud applications with functionality that spans from API discovery to API security, which is essential for AI workloads. Customers are leveraging F5's complete security portfolio to protect their AI workloads, including BIG-IP, NGINX and F5 distributed cloud services. We expect secure AI inferencing will become a bigger opportunity for F5 as organizations move from experimenting to leveraging AI inferencing at scale. The third AI opportunity we are focused on is AI factory load balancing. Here, F5 is optimizing the performance and scalability of AI factories with advanced traffic management. We are doing this across AI factories and are working with partners toward deploying our solutions within AI factories. Across AI factories, customers are deploying BIG-IP to improve the efficiency and performance of data going to and from massive GPU clusters. Within AI factories, and as we described last quarter, we have partnered with Nvidia to ensure BIG-IP NeXT for Kubernetes works seamlessly with Nvidia's BlueField-3 DPUs. The combination of F5 BIG-IP and Nvidia's DPUs provides customers with improved performance, multi-tenancy and observability. While it is early, we are seeing growing momentum with AI opportunities. I will share just a couple of wins from Q1. The first is with a net new customer, a large mobility platform in APAC, who is using BIG-IP for high-performance data delivery. They selected F5 BIG-IP to support their robust AI computing stack, addressing high-velocity load balancing for AI data ingestion and replacing costly public cloud infrastructure. F5's SSL performance and compatibility with AI protocols with orchestration was a major factor in winning this customer. The second Q1 AI win I will highlight is with a leading multinational bank headquartered in our EMEA region. The customer selected F5's BIG-IP to secure, optimize and scale their AI applications. They are leveraging BIG-IP for traffic management and WAF, ensuring efficient distribution and security of their critical AI and data infrastructure with seamless integration with their existing infrastructure. Now I will turn the call to Cooper to elaborate on our results and outlook. Cooper?
Cooper Werner: Thank you, Francois, and hello, everyone. I'll review our Q1 results before I elaborate on our Q2 and fiscal year '25 outlook. As Francois noted, we delivered an exceptional Q1, growing revenue 11% to $766 million, reflecting a mix of 52% global services and 48% product revenue. Global services revenue of $398 million grew 3%. Product revenue totaled $368 million, up 20% year-over-year due to a combination of strong software and systems growth. Our software revenue grew 22% year-over-year to $209 million, reflecting exceptional expansion in several large multiyear subscription renewals as well as healthy growth in new software projects. Subscription-based software revenue totaled $162 million, up 30% year-over-year, representing 78% of our total software revenue. Perpetual licensed software totaled $46 million in Q1, up 2% year-over-year. Systems revenue totaled $160 million, up 18% year-over-year. Our systems revenue is benefiting from a number of factors. First, technology refresh momentum is building as customers refresh aging hardware estates. The refresh activity is now widespread. In fact, some of the quarter's most significant demand came from customers outside of our top 1,000 customers. A second factor that has begun to accelerate the pace of refresh for many customers relates to upcoming end of software support dates for our VIPRION and iSeries families. Having gained clarity on the need for a balance of both hardware and software solutions in hybrid multi-cloud environments, customers are moving forward with plans to standardize on our next-generation hardware offerings. Lastly, our commitment to continuous innovation in both software and hardware is driving increased competitive displacement momentum and resulting in new customer wins. As we've discussed previously, we implemented a price increase on January 1, and we believe we did see a modest amount of systems orders pulled into Q1. Revenue from recurring sources contributed 72% of our Q1 revenue, reflecting 10% year-over-year growth. Our recurring revenue comes from a combination of our subscription-based revenue and the maintenance portion of our global services revenue. Shifting to revenue distribution by region. As Francois noted, our teams drove growth across all theaters. Revenue from the Americas grew a strong 15% year-over-year, representing 56% of total revenue. EMEA grew 6%, representing 27% of revenue, and APAC grew 6%, representing 17% of revenue. Looking at our major verticals, enterprise customers delivered another very strong quarter, representing 71% of Q1's product bookings. Government customers represented 16% of product bookings, including 4% from U.S. Federal. Finally, service providers represented 13% of Q1 product bookings. We also delivered strong Q1 operating results, driven by our robust revenue growth. GAAP gross margin was 81.7%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 83.9%. Our GAAP operating expenses were $421 million. Our non-GAAP operating expenses were $356 million. Our GAAP operating margin was 26.8%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 37.4%, up 189 basis points from the year ago period. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 20.4%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 21.8%. Our GAAP net income for the quarter was $166 million or $2.82 per share. Our non-GAAP net income was $227 million or $3.84 per share, reflecting 12% EPS growth from the year ago period. I will now turn to cash flow and balance sheet metrics, all of which remain very strong. We generated $203 million in cash flow from operations in Q1. CapEx was $8 million. DSO for the quarter was 57 days. Cash and investments totaled approximately $1.16 billion at quarter end. Deferred revenue was $1.95 billion, up 6% from the year ago period, driven by our subscription software strength and very healthy maintenance renewals. In Q1, we repurchased $125 million worth of F5 shares at an average price of $255 per share. As of the end of Q1, we had $1.3 billion remaining on our authorized stock repurchase program. Our Q1 share repurchases represented 64% of free cash flow. Finally, we ended the quarter with approximately 6,440 employees. I will now speak to our outlook for Q2. With the exception of revenue, my guidance comments reference non-GAAP metrics. We expect Q2 revenue in the range of $705 million to $725 million, implying 5% year-over-year growth at the midpoint. As a reminder, and as we noted on our October call, U.S. payroll tax resets and our large customer event in February significantly impact our Q2 expenses. This results in it being our seasonal low quarter for both gross and operating margins. We expect non-GAAP gross margin of approximately 82.5% to 83%. We estimate Q2 non-GAAP operating expenses of $362 million to $374 million. We expect Q2 share-based compensation expense of approximately $58 million to $60 million. We anticipate Q2 non-GAAP EPS in a range of $3.02 to $3.14 per share. In light of our strong Q1 results and our Q2 guidance, I will also provide an update to our fiscal year '25 full year outlook. We are raising our FY '25 revenue growth forecast to a range of 6% to 7%. This is up from our initial guidance for 4% to 5% revenue growth and reflects our outperformance in Q1 and our healthy pipeline heading into Q2. Given our strong Q1 performance and continued strong expansion trends, we now expect our software revenue to grow at least 10% in fiscal year '25. This is up from the upper single-digit range we spoke to last quarter. We continue to expect FY '25 non-GAAP gross margin in a range of 83% to 84% and non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 35%. Our FY '25 non-GAAP effective tax rate estimate remains at a range of 21% to 23%. We are also raising our EPS outlook and now expect to deliver 6.5% to 8.5% non-GAAP earnings growth in FY '25, up from our prior guidance of 5% to 7% growth. Finally, we intend to continue to use at least 50% of our annual free cash flow towards share repurchases in FY '25. With that, I'll pass the call back to Francois.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Cooper. To conclude, we are benefiting from our alignment with powerful secular trends. Most significant among these is our unique ability to address the crushing complexity of hybrid multi-cloud. Unlike competitors who invested solely in cloud or SaaS or significantly reduced investment, we innovated across hybrid SaaS and next-generation software and hardware. We are reducing complexity for customers by converging multiple point solutions to address high-performance traffic management, full web app and API security, multi-cloud networking and AI gateway capabilities. We are empowering customers with simplicity and choice, enabling them to choose hardware, software or SaaS and to deploy securely and consistently on-premises, in the cloud or at the edge. And we believe we are increasing our opportunity as a result. It's early still, but we also see building momentum with AI opportunities. Our industry-leading ability to rapidly and securely move the large amounts of enterprise data necessary for AI model training and inferencing positions F5 as indispensable as businesses start to implement AI at scale. Operator, please open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Tim Long with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Tim Long: Thank you. Just too if I could Francois, could you talk a little bit about the AI business? I don't know if you can scale for us how big it is currently, but more importantly if you can just touch on kind of the breadth of, who you're selling into in AI and what type of customers is - large data centers, enterprises, government combination anything there would be helpful. And then second, if you can just touch on kind of sustainability of the hardware systems business, it sounds like there might have been a little bit of pulling into the December quarter, but still pretty solid numbers. So where do you think we are with inventory, or ability to keep those numbers going? It sounds like there are some share gains helping? Thank you.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Tim. Let me start with hardware actually, your second question on the sustainability. Look, we think we're going to have a pretty strong year on hardware, and we're seeing that, because we have a strong pipeline on refresh activity. That's largely driven by the fact that a number of customers, were sweating assets for a period of time. Their applications have been growing in capacity, they continue to deploy in hybrid multi cloud environments, and it's creating the need for more hardware. So we think hardware this year, is likely to be in the double-digit growth rate for the year. And in addition to that, we are in addition to growth within our existing customers in hybrid multi-cloud environment, we're also continuing significant competitive displacements. I mentioned earlier on the call, one of the big home retailers was one of the competitive take-outs we had in the quarter. And we continue to see more opportunities of that, because of the investments we've made in next generation hardware where competitors have not.
Cooper Werner: Yes. And Tim, one thing I'd also add on the supply front, we feel really good about our ability to fulfill this demand in the near term. No, no real constraints that we're seeing right now. We're largely onto newer generation platforms, and we did a lot of work during the supply chain crisis in terms of developing, a more resilient supply chain and base of partners. So we should be in really good shape, from that perspective.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Great. And then Tim, on the first part of your question on AI, so let me just frame, the opportunity that we're seeing for F5 in AI. There are really three categories of opportunity we're seeing. The first one is, really moving data securely and at speed to and from data stores, both when models are being trained and need to access data from data stores. Or in inferencing where customers are inferencing, with retrieval, augmented generation. And - I would say the majority of the deals that we have done to-date, are really in this first category of opportunity. The types of deals that we have won are typically large enterprises that, are either building AI factories or are deploying AI applications. And typically have data on-premise, or have repatriated data from the cloud to their own on-premises, to be able to use it - with these AI models, and they are across the board. It's really across Europe, Asia and North America. So we've had deals across all three geographies. The other two categories of opportunities, is category two is really security, and it's really security in inferencing and it's with our API security and API discovery solutions. We're starting to see opportunities there. But it's early days. And then the third category is, for load balancing traffic for AI factories, both inter cluster and intra-cluster. Inter cluster is really load balancing the traffic in and out of AI factories. We would typically do that with our traditional ADC technology. And then as we've announced the partnership with NVIDIA for traffic management intra-cluster though this is early days, and we think that opportunity will develop longer term.
Tim Long: Okay. Thank you and congrats Cooper on the new role.
Cooper Werner: Great, thank you, Tim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Meta Marshall: Great, thanks. Maybe just on, if you could kind of help us size kind of the distributed cloud business at this point, just kind of given the growth that we've seen kind of in the API security cases that, you were talking about. And then maybe second for Cooper, just you kind of had noted a more back half loaded year, or Frank had maybe noted a back half loaded year, last quarter. Just how are you kind of thinking about any seasonality to the year, particularly with just such a strong start to the beginning of the year? Thanks.
Cooper Werner: Sure. So I'll take the latter question. We saw obviously a pretty strong Q1. The tech refresh really picked up speed, and we're seeing that broadly hybrid multi-cloud, is just driving an overall inflection in demand. Having said that, the large renewal base that we discussed for the second half of the year, that base is still the same base. So really when we're trying to look at the rest of the year. We're looking at how does tech refresh continue to play out, and then how do expansion rates play out within that software base? Q1 was a very strong quarter for, an exceptionally strong quarter for expansion. And we referenced as an example a large eight figure deal, where we saw even better expansion than we had already anticipated. And that was really more to do with that customer choosing to converge multiple security solutions onto our platform. That's a trend we've been seeing across a number of our larger software customers. But having said that, that expansion - that growth in the expansion rate that we saw in Q1 was fairly tied to a number of large customers. And it's early in the year, so we wouldn't necessarily further increase our expansion rate that we're assuming in the second half. We'll continue to engage closely with the larger customers that are in that second half base. But we already took the expansion rate up that we were assuming coming out of a strong finish to FY '24. And so, it's something that we'll continue to track, but not necessarily making an assumption that that expansion rate, should continue to go up in the second half.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thanks, Cooper. And Meta to the first part of your question around distributed cloud. As you know we, distributed cloud is part of our SaaS and managed services portfolio. We shared that the total ARR for SaaS and managed services, was roughly around $180 million at the end of our fiscal year 2024. We haven't broken out distributed cloud within that, but it is in there and growing fairly rapidly. In fact, we passed an important milestone this quarter. We passed over 1,000 customers on distributed cloud. The vast majority, if not all of these customers are large enterprises. Two-thirds of them are roughly existing F5 customers that also adopted distributed cloud, and about a third of them our net new customers. The trend I mentioned earlier, about customers embracing hybrid multi-cloud is also visible in the growth we're seeing in distributed cloud. Because a number of our existing customers who are using F5 for hardware, or software on-prem, are also using us for software-as-a-service, because they get, consistency of their security solutions, they get consistency of their app delivery solutions. And that's a strength for us, having invested in software and hardware and in SaaS, being able to consolidate spend on F5. In fact, this quarter we passed the milestone, where more than 20% of our top 1,000 customers are now using distributed cloud. So our largest customers around the world, are also choosing F5 for SaaS, and that gives us a lot of comfort around the potential growth of the platform.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks. Congrats.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi, thanks for taking my questions and congrats on the results here, I guess. Francois, just sort of going off your earlier commentary, and two questions as clarification. One, you mentioned the refreshes that you're seeing largely on account of customers, having sweat assets earlier. I mean, is that more as part of a broader refresh of customers doing broader refreshes of their data center, or is there something more specific related to their readiness for AI that's driving that. Can you just flush that out a bit in terms of what's the trigger? We all know that customers if they want to, can sweat assets as long as want, or at least to some extent. So is there a necessarily sort of a trigger that's, driving them to now refresh? And then secondarily, you talked about AI and over the last couple of days we've seen a lot of more concerns around, sort of the compute intensity going into pre-training, or training of AI models relative to probably more favorable sentiment, now on how AI inferencing sort of shapes out. Can you just talk about sort of where do you see your leverage to in that sort of overall AI process, and some creative exposure to training versus inferencing? How would you sort of quantify that for us? Thank you.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Samik. Let me start with the first part around the refresh activity we're seeing. I think, there are a couple of factors there Samik. The first one is, more of a general factor that is not F5 specific, but I think there is a revitalization of data center capacity, data center builds that is in part driven, by large enterprises preparing for having the right infrastructure for AI. And in part driven by large enterprises, also embracing hybrid multi-cloud as not just the transient state, but the destination of where they're going to operate for the next decade and beyond. And I think that, is driving strength in data center spend, or data center infrastructure. And clearly we are benefiting from some of that. But that's not F5 specific. There are factors around refresh that are specific to F5 that have to do with the fact that. Our customers over the last couple of years, were very frugal in their refresh activity, very cautious, tried to sweat their assets as much as possible. And because of application growth and capacity growth, they kind of have to proceed with these refresh. And there are also some end of support dates that are coming in the portfolio in the 2026 timeframe that, also customers have to get ahead of, and make sure that they do refresh. So those are I would say two factors, driving the refresh pipeline and activity we're seeing. To your second question on AI, when you look at our opportunity, what we see, the three categories of opportunity I described earlier for AI. The first one, which is really high performance data delivery to and from data stores, the vast majority of that opportunity is in retrieval augmented generation, which is inferencing for large enterprise. And so, this one is unaffected by the discussion about how large will be the GPU cluster build out in AI factories. And today, our immediate opportunity really, and I would say the majority of the deals that we have won, are in that category. As it relates to the news from yesterday, and the discussion from yesterday around the size and scale, of AI factory build outs in the future. That's tied to our opportunity to go - to load balance in front of clusters, or even go inside of clusters and provide traffic management intra-clusters. We are not yet - you are very early days in that opportunity. We haven't yet started to actually drive revenue from that opportunity. We think it's a very sizable opportunity down the road, but it's very early days and frankly too early for us to quantify it. In general though, I would say that the stance of F5 is the, if in fact we can have more open source models that allow, more enterprises to adopt AI faster and build their applications, and it creates a faster proliferation of AI applications. That is really good news for F5, because it means that we will have more opportunity to do high performance data delivery for data stores, and more opportunity to secure AI workloads. And if in fact it is cheaper to build and train these models, than we thought it would be, that is also good news, because it will accelerate adoption of AI. So we're, at this point it's early days. I think we don't want to get too ahead of ourselves in terms of these opportunities, because it's not yet meaningful or material to our revenues. But we are excited about the opportunities we're seeing, and the engagements we're having with customers.
Samik Chatterjee: Great. Thank you. Thanks for all that color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Ng: Hi, good afternoon. Thank you very much for the question. I just have two as well. First, I wanted to ask about the perpetual revenue in the quarter. This is the, I think third consecutive year where you had a very strong seasonal fiscal 1Q. I was wondering, if you could just provide a little bit more color there. Is it related to the financials expansion that you talked about? Is it indeed seasonality, or should we think about this as a run rate? And then second, I can appreciate U.S. Federal, is a small part of the business. I think you mentioned 4%. Could you just comment directionally? Was that strong? Was it weak? Any directional color would be helpful there? Thank you.
Cooper Werner: Sure. Yes. Thanks, Michael. I'll start on the perpetual question speaking to our perpetual software results. And you're right, we have seen stronger results in our Q1. Typically, customers that prefer a CapEx model have gravitated, to our perpetual commercial model. And we see that more pronounced in the service provider vertical, where we tend to see some of that investment coming in kind of near the end of the calendar year, as part of their business model planning. So I don't know yet that, we're ready to say this is kind of the new seasonality, but we tend to see our largest strength in our fiscal Q1. And I think, this really does point to the flexibility that we give customers in terms of the commercial models that, best fit their business model. It's something that has really helped continue to drive differentiation in our software.
Francois Locoh-Donou: And I can take your question on the federal business. Look, the 4%, it's an important, of course, part of our business, but a relatively small component. Overall, our business in Q1 in the Fed was pretty solid. Our pipeline looks very healthy. And so of course there, for everybody that's doing business with the federal government, there's some level of uncertainty at this point in time, with the change in administration, but generally we had a pretty good Q1 and the pipeline looks healthy.
Michael Ng: Excellent. Thank you, Cooper. Thank you, Francois.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you.
Cooper Werner: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tal Liani with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Tal Liani: Hello, can you hear me?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes.
Tal Liani: Oh, good. I have two questions. Some of them were asked, but I want to ask it in a different way. So you're increasing the guidance for the year by about $40 million, $50 million, and you beat the numbers for this quarter, $50 million beat. And the second quarter has a $10 million beat. So the growth in the annual guidance, is in line slightly below the Q1, Q2. And the question is, is there something special in Q1, Q2 that bring things forward, or is it just conservatism that they're not willing now to make a call on second half? The second question.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thanks, Tal.
Tal Liani: Sorry, should I continue or should I…?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Sure, go ahead.
Tal Liani: Second question is on software and I want to. I'm trying to separate new software from renewals, because when you renew contract, you recognize 62% up front. So, and the way that accounting works, is between in a three year contract, between - year three and year four, which means the renewal, there's a very big jump in revenues, because only the leftovers are left for third year. And then there is upfront recognition in the fourth year. So the question is, can you separate off the software growth that we're seeing, phenomenal software growth? Can you separate how much of it is, because of accounting and renewals, and how much of it is because, or because of real growth, growth with customers, new kind of use cases for products, et cetera? I just want to, because we're talking about renewals, I just wanted to have the understanding of kind of old revenues, versus new growth opportunities?
Cooper Werner: Sure, I guess I'll probably take both of them. And Francois, you can jump in. Let's start with the software question. So you're right, the number one vehicle that we sell software in, is what we call our flexible consumption program. These are the large multi-year subscriptions that we sell both as a, for license-based offering, or deployable-based offerings as well as SaaS-based offerings. But the deployable offering is the larger opportunity. And that is where you get that upfront revenue recognition of 63%, typically if it's a three-year deal and then the remainder is recognized as service revenue over time. And so that is, you are speaking to the dynamic of why our software revenue is not a smooth growth trajectory. And so, we get a lot of questions around that is that. Speak to the predictability, and the visibility we have in software. And the reality is, we do have pretty good visibility in the software opportunity. But because of the how the revenue is recognized, with ASC 606, you do get some lumpiness in the growth rates. And so, we've had quarters where the growth rate on the headline revenue number, was a bit lower than the underlying strength of the business. And then there are quarters where you've got large opportunities at renewal, where you do have an upfront revenue recognition. And so that's something, when we talk to the longer term software growth opportunity, that's something that eventually kind of smooths out. But in any given quarter you're going to see some degree of lumpiness. Now having said that, looking at what's behind the strength that we saw in this quarter. Clearly we saw upside to the reported revenue from software, compared to how we had guided for the quarter. And that was really driven by the very strong expansion we're seeing at that time of renewal across those large subscription offerings. And this is really customers that are converging multiple solutions onto our platform. So we're winning at a higher rate in the marketplace. And we're seeing customers, do a lot more with F5 across our portfolio. And that's really what's behind that strength. And it's what has allowed us to take our guide up for the full year for software.
Tal Liani: Got it.
Francois Locoh-Donou: And then, I would also note that we did also see growth from new software projects where we had said going into the year that, we were assuming revenue from new projects would be roughly flat year-over-year when we saw healthy growth in Q1. And so that's something we'll continue to monitor over the course of the year.
Tal Liani: Great. And about the second half question.
Cooper Werner: Yes. So the guide for the full year, we had said that it would be, low single-digit growth in the first half and mid-single-digit second half. And so, we saw strength in Q1 that was both on hardware and software. We did note that there was likely some pull in of demand into Q1 related to the pricing increases. We don't think that was the headline on the hardware growth, but that was some of it. So as we look ahead to the back half of the year, we are factoring that in a little bit. But on the software side, as I said on a prior question, the base against, which we assess that growth opportunity in the second half of the year, it's the same base. And so that's something that if we continue to see exceptional expansion rates on that base, we could see a better outcome from a revenue perspective. But given that it's early in the year, and that a lot of that strength was really kind of more pronounced, across some of our largest deals in Q1. We think it would be a little bit premature, to just assume that same level of expansion in the second half of the year. But we'll continue to engage closely with those customers, and we certainly see the opportunity.
Tal Liani: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Amit Daryanani: Yes. Thanks. I have two as well. I guess maybe just talk on the system side. You folks had really good 18% growth year-over-year on the system side. How much of that do you think was driven by pull-ins ahead of the price increases that you're implementing? And if you just quantify what sort of price increases went into - got implemented on January 1, that'll be helpful?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Sure. Yes. So it was a modest, I mean it's kind of hard to fully break that out. But as we worked our sales teams, our view is that it was a modest amount of pulling. It wasn't super material to the results, but we did want to acknowledge that there likely was some demand pulled in. These price increases are kind of mid-single-digits, across hardware and software. So they're not at the same magnitude, of previous price increases we saw in the systems business, where we saw a more pronounced pull-in of demand.
Amit Daryanani: Got it. And then, if I just go back to that software discussion you're having a minute ago, the way you folks are guiding at this point, it looks like you know, 22% growth in Q1 and then you see some fairly notable deceleration as the year progresses, to hit that at least 10%. Is that kind of deceleration just conservativeness? Because you don't know what the expansion metrics could look like, the new projects could look like. Or is there something more nuanced that's happening in the next few quarters that, we should be aware about?
Cooper Werner: No. I mean, I think you could say that maybe we're being prudent. The last couple of quarters, the expansion rate has been well ahead of our historical norms. Again, because it's so early in the year and it tends to be centered around, our larger deals. I think that we're just being a little bit, wanting a little bit more time to really assess do those expansion rates, continue to go up through the year. But as I said, it's the same base of opportunity that we see in the second half of the year, as when we originally put together our guidance. So what you're really seeing is just the strength that we saw in Q1, against what we had previously said would be kind of more flat, flattish to low growth on the software side. And given the strong expansion rates, we saw on those largest customers, that's where the strength is coming through in Q1.
Amit Daryanani: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Hedberg with RBC. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Hedberg: All right, thanks for the question, because I have two as well. Maybe the first one, just, just a point of clarification on some of the improving IT spend spending trends that you mentioned. I guess Francois, I guess specifically, did you see any change in enterprise buying behavior in the U.S., post the Presidential election? I guess is the first question?
Francois Locoh-Donou: I want to say. No, however, I mean our quarter, as you know, started on October 1 and ended on December 31. So the Presidential election was in the middle. Our quarter is typically back end loaded. So naturally, we would have expected significant amounts of our bookings, to come after the Presidential election. But we cannot point to that being a factor, because the pipeline going into the quarter was pretty strong. And it was more of a continuation and a bit of acceleration of trends that, we actually had seen in the last quarter of fiscal 2024, really around customers embracing hybrid multi-cloud, and wanting to invest in data center capacity, to support application growth.
Matthew Hedberg: I got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe just an AI question from me. You talk a lot about on your prepared remarks, and I guess digging into it a little bit more, the other big topic, and it didn't come up in this call, it really does feel like agentic AI is kind of changing the way. We think about GenAI, and how organizations think about workflow and automation. You guys obviously have a focus on app delivery and API security, et cetera. Do you think, an agentic AI tailwind could start to emerge, as that technology proliferates amongst customers?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Well, in terms of F5, yes. Because the more AI applications, and agents are part of that exist, that means the more data needs to move between data stores, and these agents or these models. And it also means that it's way more APIs, to secure and way more AI modules that require security. So, for us an agentic world, where also drives more complexity. So I should step back a little bit. When we talk about hybrid multi-cloud, we framed that before as this ball of fire, meaning customers have more and more applications, or components of applications that are distributed across multiple cloud environments, and/or multiple infrastructure environments. And they have to connect all these application, or app components together. They have to secure them. And it is complex to do that across multiple infrastructure environments. And that's what we call the ball of fire. And that's what's driving customers, enterprise customers, to sometimes consolidate, spend on a player like F5 that can provide security and delivery, across all of these environments and simplify the process of securing, and delivering across hybrid multi-cloud. Now, if you think about an agentic world, this is one where AI applications are going to be calling agents that are of course in a different infrastructure environment. Sometimes folks don't even know where that agentic application resides. And so, it creates even more complexity around hybrid and multi-cloud environment and it creates even more need to secure, secure those applications across all these environments. And so that that exponential growth in complexity that could come from an agency world. Is actually tailwind to a company that solves the ball of fire, and solves that complexity. So we feel, that that could be significant tailwind. But it's very early days for us in AI and as you know, and as we have found out over the last several days, we continue to learn something new every week about AI. So we have to remain both excited, but also humble about the opportunity.
Matthew Hedberg: Great, great perspective. Congrats on the result, guys. Thanks.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of James Fish with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
James Fish: Hi guys. Cooper, I don't want to dwell on this. But I think what we're all trying to get at here, is these were impressive results. The largest beat we've seen out of F5, I think ever. Can you help us understand the differences in terms of what's driving, the sustainability here? How do we think about, you talked about the mid-single-digits on pricing, across systems and software? How to think about also the Citrix share gains, the budget flush, the pull-in, the large yield and refresh. Just help us level set what the sustainable, kind of longer term vision here is for growth?
Cooper Werner: Sure. I mean I'll start with, kind of what the underlying driver is that's really kind of lifting, all facets of our revenue base and that's the complexity that, we resolve for customers with hybrid multi-cloud environment. And so, we're seeing that show up in the software business, and the hardware business and the services business. On the software side, it's really manifesting in expansion. And so, and that is something that we do think is durable. It's accelerating that rate of expansion across the portfolio. That is something that we think is very sustainable, and that we think long-term is really going to benefit our software opportunity. Now as we've noted, when you see strong expansion across large customers with multi-year software agreements, you see a large upfront recognition of that software opportunity. And so that's where it can get a little bit spiky when you start to see an acceleration in that rate of expansion. But we're also seeing it across the hardware business, whereas Francois noted, customers recognizing that hybrid multi-cloud is their destination, that's the environment they're going to be working within over time, has led them to recognize a need to continue to invest in, both systems and software solutions. And we are the only player that is invested across all form factors, and continued in particular to invest in the systems - with what we brought to market, in our new generation of appliances. And so that's really what sustainable about the opportunity. Now of course there's going to be some spikiness and whether that's, some price pull-in, that we may have seen in the current quarter. Which we don't think was super material, but there was a little bit of that in terms of the timing of the rev rec on the software expansions. But broadly the underlying theme is something that we think will continue, to help drive the revenue opportunity for us over time.
James Fish: Got it. And then you guys used to talk about F5 as having roughly 200,000 systems, and we think about refreshes every, five, seven years on average. Obviously, the supply chain stuff changed a lot of things. Are we starting to see that call it 50,000, 60,000 cohort or even more, create a bigger bulge? And that's what's giving you guys the confidence around double-digit hardware refresh this year? I'm sorry, double-digit hardware growth this year?
Cooper Werner: Yes, that's certainly part of it. It's not so much that the bulge is bigger, it's just that the bulge is a lot closer to us now. And that's where we referenced the end of software support dates that are pending in FY '26 and '27. And those really are associated with two product families that, are more than half of our installed base today. And so, customers really look to start planning in advance of those dates, and every customer is different. Some will look to drive those refreshes much earlier, like well ahead of those dates. Other customers may run right up to those dates. But that's where we're seeing kind of more near term visibility, on the size and shape of what that tech refresh opportunity could look like. And we think it extends well beyond the current year, at least through FY '26.
James Fish: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Simon Leopold with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Victor Chiu: Hi guys, this is Victor Chiu for Simon Leopold. I just wanted to follow-up on the earlier question that someone asked around the specific triggers around the system refreshes. It makes sense that, these large customers have been sweating assets for quite a while. But I guess it's just surprising, the timing around, how they're kind of aligning together. So I guess, was there some specific dynamic that caused the, that triggered these upgrades to kind of align around the same time and kind of, what was the delta, I guess, versus your expectations, previously, I guess?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Well, I would say the first of all, we had said, already at the start of the year. And in fact, I think we said it during the summer of 2024 that, we expected 2025 to be a stronger year for hardware, after a year and a half where customers were sweating assets. And so, we had said we expected growth in hardware this year. And so, but we now expect growth in hardware to be actually stronger than we thought at the beginning of the year. And that is, because the refresh activity and the expansion activity and the takeout rates of competitors, is stronger than we anticipated. If you go back to the root cause of that, we think it's really driven by customers embracing their hybrid multi-cloud architectures, realizing they need more capacity in their data centers, and therefore we're getting expansion, both refresh and expansion on that. We're also getting a number of customers consolidating use cases on F5. So we had a number of customers this quarter that, chose F5 to consolidate multiple security use cases and displaced, other point security vendor and go on to F5. That's driven by the investments we've made in security, and in next generation software and hardware over the last several years. All of that's coming to align on the opportunity for us to on, both on our systems business and on our software business.
Victor Chiu: Okay, so given that dynamic, I mean does your expectation around systems growth over the long-term change, given these dynamics or do you still expect, over time that systems continue to decline? Is that your expectation?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Look, what we have said, we're not here to give - long-term guidance, but what we have said is that over time, we expected that more and more customers would move towards, adopting more software in their environment. That said, I'd say a lot of these customers, the majority of customers are actually deploying software and hardware in their environment. That's why we talk about hybrid multi-cloud. They want the flexibility to deploy the software in different places, but they continue to deploy hardware. So over time the trajectory of the hardware business is we, our views on that haven't changed. Of course, AI and the AI use cases I mentioned earlier, are a bit of a wildcard on that. It's too early to know what impact they have on the trajectory of the hardware business, but we are starting to see some opportunities for hardware related to AI. And that could have some impact down the road, on the long-term trajectory of the business.
Victor Chiu: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Dezort with Needham & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Dezort: Great, thanks for taking the question, and congrats on the results guys. I guess Francois, on that AI opportunity you were just talking about, I guess, what visibility do you guys have to those initial opportunities? Where are we at in the rollout of those? Can you talk a little bit about your go-to-market for these AI opportunities, whether that's requiring any incremental investment, and how are you winning these opportunities and who are you seeing? Thanks.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you. So there's a bundle of questions there. I'll try and hit all of them. Let me start by saying, I am very cautious when I speak to our opportunity in AI, because I feel things are developing very quickly, and there's always new learnings. And frankly there is, the body of data that's available to us, to make pattern recognition and long-term projections, is those samples are very small today. That said, we are, the kinds of deals that we are winning right now, are generally large enterprises. And as F5 is a company that, is focused on large enterprises. So this is where our account teams, are already working and having relationship with customers. We are typically winning these opportunities either, because our traditional customers are deploying the infrastructure for AI. Or because the folks deploying AI infrastructure get to know about F5, from their internal stakeholders who deploy F5. We haven't had to make very significant departures from our existing products to-date, because our existing products are ideal for securing and moving significant amounts of data, at speed in these environment. And so, it's a fairly straightforward go-to-market motion for our existing account teams. Both to find these opportunities and to prosecute these opportunities, with our existing solutions. Now going forward, as we learn more about these environments, we may make some targeted customizations, development, et cetera for these opportunities, but that will come down the road. In terms of the competitive landscape again, we stand alone in having made the investment in both software and hardware for hybrid multi-cloud environments. These AI architectures are inherently hybrid and multi-cloud, because you have data that can reside on-prem, or in the cloud. You have AI models that are largely in public clouds today. But some enterprises, are starting to deploy AI applications on-prem. And so, you do need the ability to connect these environments together, and solutions that operate across them. We're very uniquely positioned, to serve those needs and that is why, we have a good win rate on the opportunities that, we have engaged to-date. Have I addressed all of the elements of the question?
Matt Dezort: Yes, thanks Francois. And then I guess on the competitive environment, it sounds like things are really opening up for you guys. Anything you can give us on the pipeline of opportunities there. How are win rates trending for hardware as well as in cloud with NGINX and DCS? Do you anticipate any changes to the competitive opportunity, as you take up prices here in January?
Francois Locoh-Donou: We don't anticipate changes, to our competitive opportunity as it relates to prices. As well as your first part of your question, I would say in the software and hardware ADC market. We feel very, very good about our competitive position, which is the result of several years of investment in next generation software and hardware, going against competitors that chose not to do that. And so large customers, as ADCs are extraordinary sticky as a technology. And despite that, we are able to take out some estates that are pretty significant in large Fortune 500 companies. So we continue to feel very good about that. And we think that opportunity, a lot of it, is still in front of us, and will continue. In distributed cloud services, we are early, we are an attacker. We are very happy that we just passed 1,000 customers there. We went from zero to 1,000 customers in roughly 30 months. All enterprise customers, all paying customers, of course. And the maturity of our platform is growing every quarter, and we expect to become more and more competitive over time, and increase our win rate over time.
Matt Dezort: Fantastic. Thanks guys. Congrats again.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you.
Suzanne DuLong: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Thank you. And as our last question, we'll have Sebastien Naji from William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Sebastien Naji: Oh, great. Well, I guess thanks for squeezing me in. I think a lot of my questions have been sort of asked and answered. So maybe just, one from me and somewhat of a pointed question. Could you perhaps update us on your CDN product that came out of the Lilac Cloud acquisition, and maybe talk a little bit about how much success you're having here? That seems to be a space that is growing very fast right now. And I'm just wondering, if this is a part of that DCS business that could be inflecting, or growing more rapidly here in the near future?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Well, thank you, Sebastien. We are, yes, we. Let me bring a clarification here. We did bring Lilac and now CDN capability into our overall distributed cloud services platform. You're absolutely right about that. And we did that not, because we want to go and compete in the CDN market, as a principle in the CDN market. We feel that is well served, with strong players in the market like Akamai. But we did that rather, because we have a number of customers that want the security capabilities from F5, like web app firewall, API security, DDoS protection, things like web app scanning, et cetera. And at times want that bundle with some caching capability. And so, we felt it was important that, we be able to offer the entire bundle to them. And I mentioned we have passed 1,000 customers earlier. A number of these customers actually took a full bundle that includes our CDN capability, into the solution that they're purchasing from F5. But generally customers don't come for F5 looking for a CDN. They come for F5, looking for a bundle of capabilities, security of course, that includes a CDN. And on that we're doing well with the solution that we got from Lilac.
Sebastien Naji: Got it. Makes a lot of sense. Congrats on the quarter again. Thanks.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. And there are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back to CEO, Francois Locoh-Donou for closing remarks.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Well, thank you for joining us. We look forward to seeing many of you during the quarter, and to discussing our hybrid, multi-cloud and AI opportunities. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes today's conference, and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-10-28 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5 Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2024 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Also, today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I'll now turn the call over to Ms. Suzanne DuLong. Ma'am, you may begin.
Suzanne DuLong: Hello, and welcome. I'm Suzanne DuLong, F5's Vice President of Investor Relations. We're here with you today to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2024 financial results. Francois Locoh-Donou, F5's President and CEO; Frank Pelzer, F5's Executive Vice President and CFO; and Cooper Werner, our SVP of Finance and incoming CFO will be making prepared remarks on today's call. Other members of the F5 executive team are also here to answer questions during the Q&A session. A copy of today's press release is available on our website at f5.com, where an archived version of today's audio will be available through January 27, 2025. We will post the slide deck accompanying today's webcast to our IR site at the conclusion of our call. To access the replay of today's webcast by phone, dial (877) 660-6853 or (201) 612-7415 and use meeting ID 13749373. The telephonic replay will be available through mid-night Pacific Time, October 29, 2024. For additional information or follow-up questions, please reach out to me directly at s.dulong@f5.com. Our discussion today will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. We have summarized factors that may affect our results in the press release announcing the financial results and in detail in our SEC filings. In addition, we will reference non-GAAP metrics during today's discussion. Please see our full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation in today's press release and in the appendix of our earnings slide deck. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. During today's call, Francois will speak to our Q4 highlights, our strategy and growth opportunities and our expectations for FY '25. Frank will then review the details of our Q4 and FY '24 results, and Cooper will speak to our outlook for FY '25. I will now turn the call over to Francois.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Suzanne, and hello, everyone. We delivered a record Q4 across a number of metrics, including $747 million in revenues, which is up 6% year-over-year and above the high end of our guidance range. Q4's top line growth is the result of strong software performance, including 19% software revenue growth. Just as importantly, we delivered Q4 non-GAAP EPS of $3.67, EBIT (ph) of $0.17 above the top end of our guidance range, highlighting our improving operating margins, in addition to top line strength. Q4 was the cap to a fiscal year during which the F5 team outperformed our plan, even with a challenging macro backdrop to start the year. In FY '24, we delivered revenue at the top end of our guidance. We also outperformed our initial expectations for software revenue, delivering 11% software growth compared to FY '23, and we demonstrated continued operating discipline generating 14% non-GAAP growth for the year. These results speak to the power of our solutions, the strength of our operating model, and the resilience of our business. In a relatively short period of time, we have substantially reshaped F5 from a hardware-centric single product company into a security and software leader in today's hybrid multi-cloud world. Our transformation has redefined F5's role beyond the data center, increasing our value to customers, diversifying our revenue and expanding our total addressable market. The change is evident in several important metrics. In FY '17, software contributed $122 million or just 13% of our product revenue. Today, software is $735 million and 58% of our product revenue. In FY '17, subscriptions represented just $24 million or 20% of our software revenue. Today, they totaled $624 million and 85% of our software revenue. And finally, in FY '17, our recurring revenue was $1.1 billion or 52% of our total revenue. And today, it is $2.1 billion and 76% of our total revenue. A growing percentage of our business is coming from existing software customers, providing us with very good visibility to a large portion of our revenue for the coming year. As a result of our large software renewal opportunity, improving systems demand trends and our growing pipeline, we expect revenue growth to accelerate in FY '25. We expect FY '25 revenue growth in a range of 4% to 5% from FY '24. This is ahead of the expectations we outlined when we first shared our FY '25 outlook a year ago. In addition to top line growth, we expect to drive continued operating margin leverage. As a result, we expect to deliver 5% to 7% earnings growth in FY '25. On a tax neutral basis to FY '24, the midpoint of this range reflects 10% EPS growth. Beyond the visibility we have into our recurring revenue and pipeline for FY '25, we remain confident in F5's long-term growth prospects for several reasons. These include F5's alignment with robust and sustainable industry trends and the effectiveness of our go-to-market strategies. I will speak first to the industry trends. First, hybrid multi-cloud environments are now the norm and will remain so. According to our latest State of Application strategy report, nearly 90% of customers are operating across multiple environments with the benefits of choice clearly outweighing the challenges of managing apps across different deployment models. Second, applications and the APIs that connect them are becoming increasingly distributed which means traditional single environment solutions are not capable of managing and securing them. Third, the number of application instances continues to grow. In fact, it is projected to grow from roughly $2 billion today to $6 billion by 2029. Fourth, APIs are rapidly proliferating creating new challenges and risks for application owners. A recent F5 survey found that nearly one-third of customer-facing APIs lack fundamental protection. Fifth, applications and APIs require more security and delivery services today than they used to. In 2016, organizations deployed a minimum of two app services to ensure an app remain performant and secure. Today, that number has grown to 13 on average and 27 in total. And finally, the emergence and eventual widespread adoption of AI and AI-powered applications will accelerate and further complicate all of these trends while also leading to new demands related to data ingestion and optimization of GPU environment. Individually, these dynamics are driving new complexity, cost, and security risks for customers. The fact that they are all happening simultaneously is creating significant challenges for the IT teams managing them. You have heard us describe the confluence of these dynamics as the ball of fire, and we continue to believe that F5 is uniquely positioned to address it. The powerful industry dynamics I just outlined are contributing to our ability to drive growth through our land, expand and renew go-to-market motions. We are landing new customers by winning competitive entry opportunities, targeting competitive takeouts and leveraging and expanding our strong channel relationships. Our biggest growth opportunity, however, comes from the potential to expand our footprint and wallet share across our base of approximately 20,000 customers. At times, this means expanding as an apps utilization grows over time. At others, it means leveraging the synergies and power of F5's platform to create a strong unified security posture, simplify multi-cloud complexity or streamline operations. The power of this expand motion is evident in the early success of our F5 distributed cloud services. We launched this platform in February of 2022 and now have more than 800 customers on it, one-third of whom are new customers to F5. And finally, we are growing as we successfully renew and expand with existing customers. This motion has been a powerful driver for our business and is a testament to the value F5 delivers. Our sales and customer success teams are focused on ensuring it remains so. The relative success of these motions is further evidence of F5's differentiated ability to tame the ball of fire for our customers. We do this across three vectors: app and API security, simplification, and standardization and automation. First, app and API security. F5 delivers the most effective and comprehensive app and API security platform in the industry. We enable our customers to consolidate point products, targeting specific threats onto a single integrated platform with a suite of best-in-class capabilities. As an example, during Q4, a global integrated energy company selected F5 distributed cloud services web application firewall and API protection to enhance and streamline its multi-cloud application security across two major public cloud platforms. Previously, the customer had been running two distinct cloud native WAF and API Gateway solutions. The customer selected F5 distributed cloud services following a comprehensive evaluation, which included two competitive offerings. F5, one, based on its superior ability to provide a unified security posture effectively defending against advanced threats and delivering comprehensive API security. Second, simplification. F5 enables the hybrid multi-cloud flexibility our customers' businesses demand with the simplicity their IT operations require. Only F5 delivers solutions that extend across public clouds to the edge and customers on-premises environments. Our solutions simplify connecting disparate infrastructure environments and the applications deployed in and across them. As an example, during Q4, F5 distributed cloud services was selected by the largest mobile provider in a Southeast Asian country to simplify a complex IT challenge. Following a merger with another large mobile provider, the customer faced complications arising from overlapping IP addresses between their core business applications and retail branches. Overlapping IP addresses can cause connectivity issues and operational inefficiencies, especially when different systems and networks emerged. F5's multi-cloud networking technology provided virtual IPs and translation services which allowed the new entity to easily manage IP conflicts across 500 branches. And third, standardization and automation. F5 solutions enable more cost-effective and scalable IT operations. We streamlined customers' operations with consistent policies, comprehensive automation and rich analytics. This enables customers to consolidate vendors and tool sets, rationalize operational silos and automate life cycle management of their on-premises deployments. As an example, during Q4, a large Australia-based multinational bank and financial services organization selected F5 to reduce operational overhead and to refresh, consolidate and modernize its application infrastructure. Automation enabled by F5 Velos hardware and software eliminated tens of thousands of lines of hard-to-maintain custom code. F5 automation is also enabling application self-service streamlined certificate management and hit less upgrades. The new F5-enabled practices have improved security and reliability of the customers' applications while eliminating massive amounts of manual processes and labor. These three points of strong differentiation, combined with the well-established role F5 plays embedded in the flow of application traffic enables us to address the ball of fire for our customers in ways our competitors cannot. Before I pass the call to Frank, as I have the last several quarters, I will speak to the opportunity we see emerging with AI use cases. As we discussed earlier this year, 2024 was the year of AI infrastructure build-out in preparation for AI apps. AI-driven use cases already are driving significant investment in new application and infrastructure requirements across compute, storage and networking layers. In networking specifically, AI factories have extremely high data and throughput demands. F5's initial opportunities in AI are concentrated on three networking use cases. The first is AI data ingestion requiring high performance traffic management for AI model training and retrieval augmented generation or RAG. Over the last several quarters, we have highlighted customers leveraging F5's industry leading traffic management capabilities to optimize data ingestion. During Q4, we had another example of a customer choosing F5 for data ingestion. A global conglomerate with businesses across IT, automotive, media and financial services, chose F5 to optimize data ingest for its AI model training. The customers' AI factories are collecting information and telemetry to power its connected vehicle business. In this deployment, F5 is providing high performance load balancing between the customers' enterprise storage clusters and their AI factories. The second AI use case we are focused on is AI factory load balancing where we are optimizing the performance and scalability of AI factories with advanced traffic management. Just last week, we announced our exciting collaboration with NVIDIA to enable high performance software ADC on AI infrastructure. There are two important pieces of this news. First, we have enabled BIG-IP Next to run in Kubernetes. Enterprises and service providers building AI factories are driving strong demand for advanced semiconductors such as GPUs. AI workloads that run within this infrastructure are running on Kubernetes. F5 BIG-IP Next for Kubernetes brings our market-leading networking traffic management and security capabilities to these modern environments. Second, we partnered with NVIDIA to ensure that BIG-IP Next for Kubernetes works seamlessly with NVIDIA BlueField-3 DPUs. When combined with BIG-IP Next for Kubernetes, these DPUs effectively become AI accelerators, increasing the performance and security of training and inference workloads delivering superior AI driven customer experiences. The first two AI use cases I have just highlighted our ADC opportunities, a market where we have been the leader for the last two decades. The third AI use case we are focused on leverages web application firewall and API protection or WAAP for secure AI inferencing. We have deployments supporting this use case today and expect it will become more prevalent as enterprises begin to leverage AI inferencing at scale over the next 18 months to 24 months. As you can see with these examples, F5 is not just adopting to the AI revolution, we are actively shaping it, providing the critical infrastructure that enables our customers to harness the full potential of AI safely and efficiently. Our sales, engineering and product teams have identified multiple additional AI use cases where F5 is likely to have a significant role to play. In addition, we continue to implement generative AI solutions across our portfolio, leveraging AI to help customers with their policies and configurations. To conclude, we are confident that F5 is entering fiscal year 2025 with an industry leading converged portfolio tightly aligned with significant industry trends and customer demand. Because of our unmatched Layer 4-7 functionality and expertise, we are unique in our ability to address escalating application and API complexity. We bring consistent industry leading security. We simplify hybrid multi-cloud complexity and we streamline operations with standardization and automation. Now I will turn the call to Frank. Frank?
Frank Pelzer: Thank you, Francois, and good afternoon, everyone. I will review our Q4 and FY '24 results before I pass the call to Cooper, who will elaborate on our Q1 and full year FY '25 outlook. We delivered strong Q4 revenue of $747 million with a mix of 52% Global Services and 48% product revenue. Global service revenue of $388 million grew 2%, in line with our expectations. Product revenue totaled $358 million, up 10% year-over-year due to strong software growth. Systems revenue totaled $130 million, down 3% year-over-year. I will note that demand for systems improved over the course of the quarter, which Cooper will speak to more when discussing our FY '25 outlook. Software revenue totaled $228 million, representing 19% growth year-over-year. Our solid execution and renewals drove subscription based software revenue of $204 million or 89% of total software revenue, growing 23% year-over-year. Rounding out our software revenue, perpetual license software contributed $24 million. As Francois mentioned, the percentage of our revenue that is recurring continues to grow, thereby enhancing our revenue visibility. During Q4, 78% of our total revenue came from a combination of subscription based revenue and the maintenance portion of our global services revenue, this is up from 76% a year ago. Shifting to revenue distribution by region. Revenue from the Americas grew 9% year-over-year, representing 58% of total revenue. EMEA delivered a strong quarter with 4% growth, representing 26% of revenue. Meanwhile, APAC declined 3%, representing 16% of revenue. Looking at our major verticals, enterprise customers delivered a very strong quarter, representing 72% of Q4 product bookings. Government customers represented 18% of product bookings, including 8% from U.S. Federal. Finally, service providers represented 10% of Q4 product bookings. Our Q4 operating results were strong reflecting our continued operating efficiency improvements. GAAP gross margin was 80.8%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 83%. Our GAAP operating expenses were $412 million. Our non-GAAP operating expenses were $363 million. Our GAAP operating margin was 25.6%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 34.4%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 18.8%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 19.5%. Our GAAP net income for the quarter was $165 million or $2.80 per share. Our non-GAAP net income was $217 million or $3.67 per share. I will now turn to cash flow and balance sheet metrics, all of which remain very strong. We generated $247 million in cash flow from operations in Q4 on strong net income and cash collections in the quarter. CapEx was $6 million. DSO for the quarter was 47 days. Cash and investments totaled approximately $1.08 billion at quarter end. Deferred revenue was $1.8 billion, up 1% from the year ago period. In Q4, we repurchased $100 million worth of F5 shares at an average price of $206 per share. Over FY '24, we repurchased $500 million worth of F5 shares at an average price of $177 per share. Our share repurchases represented 66% of our annual free cash flow in FY '24, exceeding our commitment to use at least 50% of our free cash flow for this purpose. As announced in the earnings release, our Board of Directors has authorized an additional $1 billion for our common stock repurchase program. This new authorization is incremental to the $422 million remaining in the existing program and as of today, brings the total available under the authorized stock repurchase program to $1.4 billion. Finally, we ended the quarter with approximately 6,560 employees. I will now recap our FY '24 results. Our FY '24 revenue of $2.82 billion was up slightly from FY '23 and at the top end of our initial revenue guidance for the year. These results speak to the strength of our business, particularly given the revenue growth headwind we faced in FY '24 due to the elevated backlog fulfillment in FY '23. Global Services revenue grew 4% to $1.54 billion, representing 55% of total revenue for the year. Product revenue representing 45% of revenue, declined 5% year-over-year. Within product revenue, our FY '24 systems revenue totaled $537 million. While this represents a decline of 20% compared to FY '23, our underlying systems bookings grew year-over-year. Software revenue of $735 million grew 11% compared to FY '23. This is up from our initial expectation of flat to modest growth as a result of continued strong renewals performance in addition to a stronger new business trend compared to FY '23. Software represented 58% of our FY '24 product revenue and software subscriptions represented 85% of our FY '24 software revenue. Let's take a closer look at the components of our annual software revenue. Our software revenue is comprised of three elements: one, SaaS and managed services; two, term-based subscriptions; and three, perpetual software licenses. I'll expand on each of these, starting from the top down. Our SaaS managed services, which is the portion of our software recognized ratably over the duration of the subscription term delivered $193 million in revenue in FY '24, a decline of 5% year-over-year, largely as a result of planned legacy offering retirements and transitions. FY '24 SaaS and managed services annualized recurring revenue, or ARR, of $182 million is down from $198 million in FY '23 and primarily as a result of planned churn related to retiring legacy offerings, offset by continued growth in our core SaaS and managed services offerings. I'll speak first to our legacy offerings represented by the gray bar in our accompanying charts. There are two portions of our legacy offerings. The first is discontinued SaaS and managed service offerings. The second is Silverline managed services, which we continue to work to transition to F5 distributed cloud services. The vast majority of the legacy AR decline from FY '23 to FY '24 is related to planned churn associated with discontinued offerings. During FY '24, we transitioned a modest amount of Silverline managed services to F5 distributed cloud services. We noted last year that the Silverline transition would be back-end weighted over the course of FY '24 and FY '25. The green portion of the bar represents our core SaaS and managed services, which includes F5 distributed cloud services, our high end bot defense point solutions and our recently launched NGINX as a service offering. F5 distributed cloud service delivered strong growth off a relatively small base, offset by churn within our high end bot defense solution. The second portion of our software revenue comes from term-based subscriptions, which are recognized largely upfront as product revenue with a portion deferred and recognized ratably as global services revenue over the subscription term. These include new renewal and true forward revenue for both annual and multiyear subscriptions of BIG-IP and NGINX. In FY '24, revenue from term-based subscriptions contributed $430 million to our software revenue, up 22% year-over-year as a result of continued strong renewals and expansion performance as well as growth in new software business compared to FY '23. The third and final component of our software revenue is perpetual software licenses, which contributed $112 million in software revenue, up 3% year-over-year. Several years ago, we began breaking out our security-related revenue annually. This year, our total security revenue, which includes standalone security, attached security and security related to maintenance revenue, was approximately $1.1 billion or 41% of total revenue. Standalone security revenue totaled $460 million, representing 36% of product revenue. I will now turn to our FY '24 operating performance. GAAP gross margin in FY '24 was 80.2%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 82.8%, up 132 basis points from FY '23. Our GAAP operating margin for FY '24 was 23.4%, and our non-GAAP operating margin was 33.6%, up 337 basis points from FY '23 as a result of continued operating discipline. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the year was 18.5%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate for the year was 19.2%. GAAP net income for FY '24 was $567 million or $9.55 per share. Non-GAAP net income was $794 million or $13.37 per share representing growth of 14.3% over FY '23. I will now pass the call to Cooper to speak on our outlook. Cooper?
Cooper Werner: Thanks, Frank, and hello, everyone. Francois outlined our FY '25 outlook at the start of the call. I'll recap it now with some additional color. I will also provide our outlook for Q1. With the exception of revenue, my guidance comments reference non-GAAP metrics. I'll start with FY '25. First, our FY '25 outlook assumes continued macro stability, but does not assume a significant improvement to the macro environment. It also does not assume substantial growth in our customers' IT budgets. In FY '25, we expect to deliver 4% to 5% revenue growth over FY '24. Similar to FY '24, we anticipate our FY '25 revenue will be relatively back-end weighted. We expect low-single digit revenue growth across the first half of the year and mid-single digit revenue growth in the second half. Our stronger second half expectations are based on the visibility we have to the sizable renewal base coming up during that period and our consistently strong renewal performance over time. Taking a closer look at the components of FY '25 revenue, I'll start with software. Our expectation for FY '25 software revenue has improved from our initial view a year ago. At the beginning of our fiscal year 2024, we guided to flat to modest software growth in FY '24 and shared our expectation that software would grow by double-digits from that level in FY '25. Against the much improved 11% software growth outcome in FY '24, we now expect FY '25 software to grow in the upper-single digits year-over-year. Looking at systems revenue. As Frank referenced in his comments related to Q4, we have recently seen an improvement in systems demand as customers begin to refresh older estates, and we drive momentum from competitive takeout opportunities. As a result, we expect systems revenue will grow mid-single digits in FY '25. And finally, we expect global services revenue will grow low-single digits in FY '25. From an operating perspective, we expect to deliver gross margin improvements resulting in FY '25 non-GAAP gross margin in a range of 83% to 84%. We also expect to drive continued operating expense discipline, resulting in FY '25 non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 35%. Seasonally, we expect operating margin in the low 30% range for the first half of FY '25, moving to the upper 30s in the second half. We expect our typical seasonal low for operating margin in Q2, reflecting the combination of payroll tax resets and costs associated with a large customer event in February. We expect our FY '25 non-GAAP effective tax rate will be in a range of 21% to 23%. We expect to deliver 5% to 7% non-GAAP earnings growth. On a tax neutral basis to FY '24, the midpoint of this range reflects 10% EPS growth year-over-year. Finally, we intend to continue to use at least 50% of our annual free cash flow towards share repurchases in FY '25. I will now speak to our outlook for Q1 of FY '25. We expect Q1 revenue in the range of $705 million to $725 million. We expect non-GAAP gross margin of approximately 83%. We estimate Q1 non-GAAP operating expenses of $343 million to $355 million. We expect Q1 share-based compensation expense of approximately $55 million to $57 million. We anticipate Q1 non-GAAP EPS in a range of $3.29 to $3.41 per share. With that, I'll pass the call back to Francois.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Cooper. Before we conclude, I will provide an update on our executive team. I am pleased to announce that Kunal Anand will lead our product organization as Chief Innovation Officer. After a thorough search that included interviews with leaders from across our industry, it was clear that Kunal had both the experience and perspective required for the role. Through his prior experience, leading the technical and security teams at Imperva, Kunal brings deep domain expertise and technical knowledge across cloud, security, networking, SaaS and AI, his entrepreneurial mindset will be a tremendous asset as we execute the next phase of our portfolio road map, and I am excited to work with him in his new role. I will also take this opportunity to express my sincere and heartfelt thanks to Frank for his leadership during his time at F5. For the record, I want to share with you all that Frank informed me recently when I asked how I could have been a better boss, that his real name is Frank, not Frank. (ph) In all seriousness, Frank, you have been a true partner and friend, and I cannot thank you enough for the impact you have had on this team and our business. And Cooper, I am looking forward to working with you more closely in your new role as CFO. As we enter FY '25, we see a more stable environment overall. Importantly, customers no longer have architectural ambiguity. Most believe that hybrid multi-cloud architectures will be the norm for the foreseeable future, in part because they enable organizations to choose the best environment for each application. This is good news for F5 because it means customers must also select partners capable of taming the inherent complexities, risks and costs that come with the benefits of hybrid multi-cloud architectures. We have firmly entered the era of AI and hybrid multi-cloud, which will characterize the next decade of our industry. F5 is emerging as an important player in this new era. We are developing robust SaaS capabilities and presence and establishing ourselves as an emerging leader in the cloud WAAP market. Our unique strength lies in our ability to secure any app anywhere. F5 has an outsized impact on the world. This year alone, we worked with 2,000 partners across 138 countries to deliver extraordinary experiences for more than 20,000 F5 customers. Together with those customers, we secured, delivered and optimized millions of apps and APIs that power the world. Our work allows billions of people to live their lives day in and day out. People across the globe can shop, bank, fly, drive and live more securely, thanks to F5. Last quarter alone, distributed cloud services blocked more than 2.3 billion attacks. I offer my humble and deep thanks to our employees, partners, customers and shareholders. It is truly an honor and a privilege to lead a company that plays such an important part in building a better digital world. Operator, please open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question
Samik Chatterjee: Thanks for taking my question and congrats on the strong results here. I guess I had a couple of questions on software. So maybe just to start off here, Francois, Frank, very strong results in software in the quarter. Just wondering if you can sort of detail out for us a bit more in terms of the composition of that between sort of did the outperformance really come from renewals or is it more true-ups? Where did you see sort of the strength coming in from -- or sort of anything that you can parse out in terms of what you're hearing from the enterprises in driving some of that upside that you saw in the quarter? And then I have a follow-up. Thank you.
Frank Pelzer: Sure, Samik. Thanks so much. It's Frank. And let me start with that one and see if Cooper or Francois has anything to add. So in the quarter, as you know, when we talked about our updated guidance when we were sitting with you in July and what we expect to do for the quarter -- or for the full year would sort of imply the specific number. We obviously outperformed that number. And it came from really two strong factors. One, the expansion that we saw within the existing renewal base of customers as they were coming up for their next generation of contracts. It was quite impressive kind of across the board, and we had a few big ones within there. And the second was actually new business activity from projects that have been delayed once people have gotten through their architectural design, they were ready to move forward on some of their software engagements. And that was a factor at the beginning of the year that we did not expect to necessarily see in FY '24, which we did end up seeing in the back half, particularly in Q4. So both of those were really great to see and resulted in a strong upside in software for the quarter and, obviously, improved our outlook for FY '25. .
Cooper Werner: Got it. And I'll add, this is Cooper. On the expansion revenue opportunity, so we've got really good visibility as to the consumption that our customers have within some of these multiyear contracts and so that came through as expected. But what we also see was maybe a little bit better performance in terms of consuming new offerings when they did renew those agreements. And so there's kind of two different forms of expansion that we see. And so the consumption expansion really kind of landed in line with our expectations and then we saw some incremental opportunity as customers are consuming more of the portfolio in their second generation multiyear subscriptions.
Samik Chatterjee: Got it. And for my follow-up, maybe this is more of a broader question, just given the guide that you outlined for software, where you're sort of calling for a high-single digit growth after the strong growth you had in fiscal '24 here. I mean the product perception, I think, still remains that enterprise are pretty early in their AI adoption cycle. Why -- just I wanted to understand the sort of thinking in terms of software growth desecrating a bit, particularly in terms of how to think about how much conservatism is in that number versus should we be really thinking of a deceleration this early in the cycle if you really levered to sort of the enterprises and their investment cycle around AI? Thank you.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Samik, I'll take this one. Look, I'll come to AI in a moment, but the guidance we're giving here is really driven by the macro trend of enterprises adopting a hybrid and multi-cloud poster. And so if you pull way up, Samik, at the time where everybody thought that all applications will go into a single public cloud, we saw a number of companies optimized for a world where all apps would be in the cloud, and we're all apps would consume app security and delivering delivery services as fast. We are in time we did not optimize for that world. We optimize for a world that would be hybrid and multi-cloud. And today, that's what we're seeing. We're seeing that more than 90% of our customers are in hybrid and multi-cloud environments. And that's generating a number of tailwinds that are serving the business that we have optimized for specifically, we're seeing a lot of customers do automation on-prem to get the benefits of the cloud in their private cloud environment. We're seeing applications becoming increasingly distributed over multiple infrastructure environment. We're seeing a large proliferation of APIs that needs to be secured. We're seeing more need for security services for each application. And all of these aspects of implementing hybrid and multi-cloud architectures are benefiting F5. And that is why we're seeing outperformance in the consumption of existing software agreements as well as customers starting new software projects with us. It's also having a positive impact. As you saw, we're saying that our hardware will actually grow next year. And this is also in part because customers are comfortable with the hybrid multi-cloud architectures. They're comfortable that they will be in their data centers for the foreseeable future. And so any hesitation that existed in the past around refreshing existing hardware estate, we have seen any of that hesitation fade away with customers having full confidence in our current architectures.
Samik Chatterjee: Sounds any comments on sort of why should there be a desperation, particularly with AI still being a major driver of investment for the enterprises?
Francois Locoh-Donou: So in terms of guidance for next year, so it's early in the year, and we'll see how the year plays out. But of course, we want to remain prudent with our guidance overall. AI, we are in the very early days of deployments of AI, but we're seeing opportunities for F5, both in hardware and in software. And the positive news on that is these opportunities are new insertion points for F5. So if you step back, F5 over the last two decades, has really mastered the expertise of securing and delivering a critical network and application traffic across data centers and cloud. It turns out that, that expertise in managing, securing and optimizing critical application traffic is very much needed for AI workloads, where there is significant movement of data between the device and storage tiers or between storage tiers and GPU clusters. And so we are finding insertion points for those early companies that are building AI factories. We are finding insertion points with our BIG-IP hardware platform fronting some of these storage tiers or sitting between storage tiers and GPU clusters. It's early days in terms of the volume of yields because at the moment, there are very few companies doing that. But we will see how the other opportunity develops over time. And we are also seeing opportunities potentially in software inside of these GPU clusters. And the partnership we just announced with NVIDIA is a manifestation of that opportunity. of marrying our software with the world's most advanced semiconductor technology to create AI factories that scale better and more efficiently for customers. So we see opportunities in AI. That being said, we have not really baked very significant contribution from AI in our FY '25 guidance because our current belief system is that these opportunities will develop over time, and it's more of a '26 and beyond where we would see meaningful revenue contribution from these opportunities.
Samik Chatterjee: Thank you. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks. On systems revenue maybe being better than expected as we head into fiscal '25. Do you see that more as share gains or kind of more of accelerated refresh on this part of your customers? And I guess just related to that as a follow-up customer, I would think that kind of share gains come in a healthier spend environment where people are willing to kind of entertain making more decisions about their enterprise IT. And so just what are you seeing in terms of as your customers are talking about fiscal '25 -- or calendar year '25, just what are they kind of thinking about in terms of sales cycles or kind of spend cycles, are you seeing kind of any improvement there? Thanks.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yeah. I'll start Meta, and this is Francois, if you want to follow up. I think the strength we're seeing on systems is both from competitive replaced opportunities. We had a really good success, especially in the latter half of FY '24, displacing some of the competitor states and some of the customers that we're bringing on to F5. And then we are also starting to see a more material tech refresh of our installed base with our customers. And this goes back to the long period we've had where a lot of our customers were sweating their infrastructure. We're starting to see our customers have a little bit better certainty around their budgets and they're starting to move forward now with reinvesting in their hardware structure. And so that's a trend that we think will likely continue to play out over the next several quarters, and that's kind of behind our mid-single digit growth outlook for the hardware business.
Frank Pelzer: I mean I’ll just add that, yes, we do continue to gain share from the data we look at. We continue to gain share in the traditional ADC market we have been quite successful at taking out certain competitors where customers have not been satisfied with their either performance or commercial approach to the relationship. And so we’ve had gained shares on that. But I think there is perhaps some more macro effect here that customers have become from what we can see quite comfortable with our hybrid multi-cloud architectures. And as a result, they’re really comfortable with moving forward with refreshing their estate, and they’re comfortable deploying the new hybrid multi-cloud projects that sometimes it’s hardware and software combined across the estate of applications.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Ng: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for the question. I wanted to ask about the cadence of subscription revenue obviously, very strong in the quarter. As we head into, I guess, the first half of next year and the December quarter, it seems like there's an implied decline in subscription revenue sequentially. I was just wondering, if you could speak to some of the dynamics there, whether that was the outperformance of things like true forwards in the September quarter or the timing of term base. But any color about that and how that kind of plays out through the rest of fiscal '25 would be very helpful. Thank you.
Cooper Werner: Yeah. Thanks, Michael. This is Cooper. Yeah. It is really more about the timing of the renewal base. And the strength that we saw in Q4. So we had a really strong performance with expansion on that renewal base. But we had said all along last year that the renewal base that was coming up was more back-end loaded. And that's the same for FY '25. We have a sizable renewal base is larger in FY '25 than it was in FY '24. But the renewal base tends to be more weighted to the second half of the year. And so it's -- any implied deceleration on the software growth is really just more about the timing of when these renewals come up for negotiation. And just as a reminder, on the term-based licenses, that revenue is recognized largely upfront under ASC 606. And so you do get a little bit of a variability on the revenue that's reported from those sales that we think broadly, it's a very strong opportunity for us in FY '25.
Michael Ng: Great. Thanks Cooper. And just as a quick follow-up. You had an expansion of the renewal base in the September quarter that was better than expected. I guess, are you assuming a similar level of expansion of the renewals that come up in fiscal '25 or smaller or bigger? Thank you.
Cooper Werner: Yeah. So we adjusted our assumptions a little bit on the renewals just take into account the continued strength we've had. I mean every year, that base gets bigger. And so we have to take that into account when we're setting our guidance, but we have been very consistent in terms of both renewing and driving expansion. So that is something that we're factoring in, in the growth outlook. And then from the new side of the software business, that also has increased. We're looking at the new software as being flattish year-over-year, but that's against an improved FY '24 result from the new software projects for our customers.
Michael Ng: Thank you very much, Cooper.
Cooper Werner: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Amit Daryani with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Amit Daryanani: Good afternoon. I have two questions as well. I guess, maybe to stop it, Francois, can you just talk a little bit more about the BIG-IP Next for Kubernetees? You've talked about it a little bit already, but just talk about which customer base do you think this will resonate more with it? Is it sort of the hyperscalers that are deploying more of the NVIDIA AI solutions right now? Or do you think it's going to be more with the enterprises over time? Where do you think this product will gain more traction? And any way to think about how big this opportunity could be for F5 as you go forward?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Right. Okay. So let me start a little bit on that solution. So BIG-IP Next for Kubernetes is really what we're doing here is taking our traffic management software, which we have refactored for Kubernetes environment, and we're marrying that with NVIDIA'S DPU to provide key benefits to customers building AI factories. The number one benefit is really increasing utilization of GPUs in part because we do traffic management, and so we can get data to GPUs faster in part because we also enable this a single GPU cluster, to serve multiple AI workloads or AI models, what we call multi-tenancy in the industry. And so who are the customers who would benefit from that? It would be, of course, all service providers that provide GPU as a shared infrastructure shared service to a number of customers. It would be enterprises that are building even their own AI factory, but want to maximize the utilization of GPUs and GPUs are expensive resources today. So it's going to be generally either enterprises or service providers that are building AI factories at significant scale. So that's really who we're targeting with this joint solution. Now I want to be clear that we are early days. We have a validated technical architecture with NVIDIA. We're starting to get interest from the folks we speak to who are building these factories and who see a significant opportunity to improve the efficiency and the utilization in their factory. But there's a number of questions around the go-to-market model that we have not yet answered. And so we also see that opportunity materializing more in FY '26 and beyond. But that said, it could be a pretty significant opportunity for F5, assuming that the go-to-market model works and that we find a way to embed the software technology on a large number of NVIDIA DPUs over time.
Amit Daryanani: Got it. That's really helpful. And then, if I can just get a clarification on the software growth, right, which I think you folks have talked about high-single digits in fiscal '25 is the right way to do it. Is it fair to think that software growth, just like we've talked about the top line will be a bit more muted, maybe low single in the front half and then ramps up in the back half. We going to understand this because you do have a very tough compare in the March quarter where you got some term license deals on the software side. So just any kind of cadence on the first half versus back half on software and how to think about that would be helpful. Thank you.
Cooper Werner: Yeah. So we provided some context on the overall revenue growth seasonality for the year where we said it would be kind of low-single digit growth in the first half of the year in mid-single digits second half. And really, the leading contributor to our overall growth in software as you kind of get an idea that the software growth will also probably be stronger in the second half. And again, that's tied to that larger renewal base that we have coming up in the second half of the year. And so we'll see how that plays out over the course of the year. But a lot of these opportunities, as we said, they can be pretty material in size. So in any given quarter, there's going to be some variability up or down in the growth rate. And so we wouldn't prescribe too much emphasis on an individual quarter's growth outlook, but probably the upper-single digit growth, we feel really good about for software. And again, as Francois noted earlier, we have pretty good line of sight to about two-thirds of the footprint of where that software is going to be coming from because its business we’ve already attracted. So that gives us a lot of confidence in the outlook for the year.
Amit Daryanani: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of James Fish with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
James Fish: Hey, guys. Nice quarter. Just curious, as going back to Meta's prior question around systems. You guys have talked in the past about potential price increases? And clearly, your largest competitor in that space changed their packaging and pricing. So how are you guys thinking about a potential price increase for some of your legacy systems or the maintenance itself given kind of that change? And is that included in sort of the growth rate around mid-single digits for systems, especially when this is a segment that Francois back in, I think, '17 or '18, you talked about it as kind of a mid-single digit decline kind of segment. So just additional color would be great, guys.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yeah, Jim. So yes, we -- our view of the segment, Jim, in general, has been that the unit demand in that segment over time would decline at the sort of mid-single digit decline rate. And even if you look at -- since we made those statements in 2017, '18 and you kind of drive a trend line across the segment, I think you would see that roughly has kind of materialized. Now that could change over time. There are a couple of things that could change that. One is, again, this commitment we're seeing to hybrid multi-cloud architectures from customers and kind of the strength of their on-prem deployments and plans, including some data center build-outs. And two is AI, where we are seeing some opportunities in hardware in front of the storage tiers. And you probably have seen that we announced recently also a partnership with NetApp to accelerate the joint deployment that we're doing in AI for these opportunities. So I think those are a couple of factors that may change our view on the segment. But for the time being, what we've said about this mid-single-digit decline is RQ. In terms of price increases, we have announced modest price increases for this year for the beginning of the year. And we've had price increases in the past as a result of changes in supply chain and so we monitor both the competitive environment and the price performance value that we want to give to our customers, and we make adjustments based on that, and we will continue to do that in the future.
Cooper Werner: Got it. And just to clarify those price increases when we say beginning of the year, that's calendar year, those going into effect.
James Fish: You guys care to quantify how much that price increase is? And then Francois building off of what you just said as well as your AI commentary before in terms of those three buckets. Is there a way to think about when to expect each of those tailwinds to come in, if there's any sort of difference on timing or if we should think about them all coming in kind of together at the same time?
Francois Locoh-Donou: So the price increase in hardware, Jim, is in the single-digit percentages. And as it relates to the AI opportunity in terms of quantifying things, Jim, the first opportunity that we see that is immediate is with big IT hardware sitting between an AI app in the storage tier or between the storage tier and the GPU cluster. And those are deployments that we're seeing right now. We have one already a handful of opportunities when we're doing that. Those opportunities are with large enterprises, building AI factories or service providers also building AI factories, and we've seen that both in the U.S. and internationally. We're not planning on that being a very significant contributor to revenue in 2025, but we're starting to see more deployment and we'll see how fast they scale. But that's the opportunity, that's the multimillion. The second opportunity then is in software, and that's where we're going into the GPU clusters. Our partnership with NVIDIA is about that, and it's about improving the efficiencies of the GPU clusters using F5 traffic management software. I think that opportunity from a timing perspective is really 2026 and beyond because there's still a lot of go-to-market and commercial work to be done before we are ready to go into production with these solutions.
James Fish: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Simon Leopold with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Simon Leopold: Great. Thank you for taking the question. First, I just want to see if I can clarify how you've updated the cadence forecast. On the last earnings call, you had indicated the first half of fiscal '25 would be relatively flat with strength in the second half of the year. Now you've given us this forecast for the first quarter that at the midpoint, it's about 3% year-over-year growth I think you're implying that the second quarter should be somewhat similar year-over-year growth. And so you've essentially guided up from the prior quarter's flat first half rather than implying that Q2 should be down a lot to compensate for the 3% growth in the first half? And then I've got a quick follow-up if you can just clarify that guidance comment first.
Cooper Werner: Yeah. Thanks, Simon. So yeah, we did update our expectation for the first half of the year to be low-single digit growth. And so you've got the guidance for Q1, and so we'll leave it to you to make an assumption around Q2. But probably what you're seeing is some of the strength that we're seeing on the expansion from the renewals. It's a little bit of the factor on the software side and then the strength we're seeing in systems where -- we had said we expected it to grow for the year, but we haven't put an expectation against that growth rate, and now we're seeing mid-single digits. And you can assume we'll start to see some of that benefit sequentially in the first half of the year.
Simon Leopold: Great. And then I just wanted to see if we could talk a little bit about how the verticals performed relative to your expectations in that in the past, you've had meaningful seasonal benefit from the U.S. Federal, which was on a dollar basis, decent and certainly a nice percentage, but other public sector was basically flattish sequentially this quarter. Just wondering, it sounds to me like your enterprise was the positive surprise that offset others, but how did your verticals perform relative to expectations that you guided? Thank you.
Frank Pelzer: Sure, Simon. It's Frank. Let me take that one. So you're absolutely right. The enterprise was the strong sector in the quarter and was above our expectations, and that's what led to the outperformance U.S. Fed as a percentage was maybe not criticized, but when you map out the dollars, there was some sort of the expectations that we had. They largely lived up to. And then service provider, as we said all year, as a sector has been a little weaker on the demand side, we've had a few specific service providers where we've had a lot of success with, but as a broad industry it has not come back. There still serve a lot of constraint on demand there. So this largely performed as we expected with the exception of enterprise, which came in stronger than we expected at the beginning of the quarter.
Simon Leopold: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sebastien Naji with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Sebastien Naji: Thanks for squeezing me in. Two quick ones here. Just the first one, can you give us a sense for how much of your growth each quarter is coming from new customers? Just one helpful to get your view on how much growth in 2024 came from competitive share gains? And then how much customers are expected to contribute to growth in fiscal year 202? And then my second question, just so it's out there is around the new BlueField NVIDIA announcement. What are you serving as an alternative to here? Are you replacing a native NVIDIA load balancer? And if so, what is the risk for them to build a more competitive offering and drive that higher utilization internally with their own solution? Thank you.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Sebastian. Let me start with the first part -- on the first part of your question new customers. Thank you. So Sebastien, we win, of course, we win a number of new customers every single quarter with every part of our portfolio with BIG-IP, with NGINX and with distributed cloud services. In fact, we saw, for example, the distributed cloud services last year at this time, we had about 500 customers. Now we have over 800 customers with distributed cloud services. So we have seen a lot of traction with distributed cloud with new customers, customers that have never purchased anything from F5. We also with a number of new customers in competitive takeout opportunities with our ADC solutions. However, the majority of our growth comes from existing customers, and that was true in ‘24, and it will be true also in 2025. And it comes in the form of expansion in existing agreements that we have signed with our customers, and it comes in the form of cross-selling multiple product families into existing customers. And the trends we’re seeing with customers deploying hybrid multi-cloud architectures, we’re seeing more opportunity for us to go into existing customers who have purchased multiple point solutions over time. And consolidate these point solutions on to F5 as a platform today because we have built a single software stack that includes all the security and delivery needs that large enterprise customers need. So one of the ways that we go to existing customers is consolidating functions and application services onto a site. As it relates to the second question on the BlueField with NVIDIA. Look, there will be – our view of this is we provide a very compelling way of addressing the issue of GPU utilization in GPU cluster. It’s an issue for the whole industry. GPUs are expensive and gas resources and the expertise in Layer 4, 7, traffic management and security that F5 and that is factored for Kubernetes environment is unique. Nobody else in the industry has that expertise, nobody else in our industry as those capabilities. And NVIDIA, of course, recognizes that, which is why – we have spent a lot of time with them building this technical solution together. That being said, of course, I’m sure that others in the industry will look to address this issue over time. And I’m sure that it will be – there won’t be competition. It will be a solution that is conducted over time. But we think we are early in the market. We think we have a solution that is compelling. And we know that the two decades of expertise that we have a mass in high-performance traffic management and security directly applies to the AI workloads and that no one brings that expertise to the table today or, frankly, in the foreseeable future. So we are pretty confident about the differentiation in the technical solution. The work that is ahead of us is figuring out what are the go-to-market and commercial models that will work for customers in the field.
Sebastien Naji: Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Due to time constraints, we'll take our last question from Matt Dezort at Needham. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Dezort: Great. Thanks for taking the question and congrats on the great results, guys. On the go-to-market, I guess, just quickly, as you turn the page to fiscal '25, any changes in sales comp incentives especially as you start to more cross-sell NGINX One? And any changes to the partner program as you think about fiscal '25? Thanks, guys.
Francois Locoh-Donou: So on the partner program, so we have a pretty strong program. I mentioned earlier that we work with 2,000 partners across the globe that are all involved in our Unity program. And frankly, I have been very pleased with the way our partners have embraced the growing portfolio at F5 and have contributed to wins with distributed cloud with NGINX and of course, with our BIG-IP product family. This year, in terms of incentives for our sales force, of course, we're going to continue to win in hybrid multi-cloud architecture and incent our teams to cross-sell the portfolio of F5. We have a number of customers, it's a diminishing number, but a number of customers that today have only one product family for F5, and we think a big opportunity for F5 is to cross-sell our second or third product family into these customers. And our incentives to our sales team increasingly go to that cross-selling the portfolio and of course, we have been working hard with our teams in research and development, in building the technical synergies across the portfolio that make it easier for the sales teams to cross-sell and make it easier for our customers to consume multiple product families from F5 because they see tremendous value from doing so and doing so across all their application infrastructure environment.
Operator: All right. Thank you. This concludes our call today. You may now disconnect. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-07-29 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the F5, Inc. Third Quarter Fiscal 2024 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I'll now turn the call over to Ms. Suzanne DuLong. Ma'am, you may begin.
Suzanne DuLong: Hello and welcome. I am Suzanne DuLong, F5's Vice President of Investor Relations. Francois Locoh-Donou, F5's President and CEO; and Frank Pelzer, F5's Executive Vice President and CFO, will be making prepared remarks on today's call. Other members of the F5 executive team are also here to answer questions during the Q&A session. A copy of today's press release is available on our website at f5.com, where an archived version of today's audio will be available through, October 28, 2024. We will post the slide deck accompanying today's webcast to our IR site at the conclusion of our call. To access the replay of today's webcast by phone, dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and use meeting ID 13747602. The telephonic replay will be available through midnight Pacific Time, July 30, 2024. For additional information or follow-up questions, please reach out to me directly at s.dulong@f5.com. Our discussion today will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. We have summarized factors that may affect our results in the press release announcing our financial results and in detail in our SEC filings. In addition, we will reference non-GAAP metrics during today's discussion. Please see our full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation in today's press release and in the appendix of our earnings slide deck. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. With that, I will turn the call over to Francois.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Suzanne, and hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I will speak to our Q3 highlights as well as our expectations for Q4. Frank will then review the details of our Q3 results and provide additional color on our outlook. We delivered Q3 revenue of $695 million, which is at the top end of our revenue guidance range. We also delivered non-GAAP EPS of $3.36. This is well above the top end of our guidance as a result of our continued operating discipline as well as some tax favorability in the quarter. Total software revenue grew 3% year-over-year and 13% sequentially. Our continued strong software renewals provide an indicator of both customer satisfaction and our momentum overall. In a positive shift from last quarter, during Q3, new software revenue also contributed to software growth in the quarter. Global services grew 3% in Q3. The combination of software and global services growth largely offset systems revenue, which was $130 million, down 16% year-over-year. During Q3, we started to see some areas of improving demand after a prolonged period of budget scrutiny, evidenced by improving pipeline and close rates. As a result, our team drove strong bookings growth in Q3, including an uptick in new business. Factoring in these signals, we expect Q4 revenue in the range of $720 million to $740 million, which puts us on track to deliver toward the top end of our FY '24 revenue guidance. Our outlook is informed by three considerations: one, our growing pipeline; two, our visibility into software renewals; and three, the continued strong expansion trends from customers. We expect FY '24 revenue of approximately $2.8 billion, roughly flat with FY '23. This is despite the roughly $180 million systems backlog headwind we have had to overcome this year. Given the strong performance from software thus far this year and the good visibility we have into Q4, we now expect mid-to-high single digit software revenue growth for the year. This is up from our prior characterization of flat to modest growth. We also expect continued operating discipline, combined with the tax favorability we saw in Q3, will enable us to achieve FY '24 non-GAAP EPS growth of approximately 12%. This is up from our prior range of 7% to 9% growth. Before Frank discusses our results and outlook in greater detail, I will recap how F5 is solving our customers' hybrid multi-cloud challenges, what we call the ball of fire by highlighting some notable customer wins from the quarter. The current state of application security and delivery for large enterprises has our customers' IT teams in crisis. They are battling increasing complexity, cost and risks simultaneously and AI-driven applications are only making these challenges more pronounced. Only F5 can truly support the demands of today's hybrid multi-cloud application infrastructures. We are the only solution provider that secures, delivers and optimizes any app or any API anywhere. We are highly differentiated in addressing customers' pain points in several ways. First, app security. F5 delivers the most effective and comprehensive app and API security platform in the industry. We enable our customers to consolidate point products targeting specific threats onto a single integrated platform with a suite of best-in-class capabilities and no efficacy trade-offs. Second, simplification. F5 enables the hybrid multi-cloud flexibility our customers' businesses demand with the simplicity their IT operations require. Only F5 has a solution footprint that extends across public clouds to the edge and customers' on-premises environments. Our solutions simplify connecting disparate infrastructure environments and the applications deployed in and across them. In short, we are on a mission to make hybrid multi-cloud ridiculously easy. And third, standardization and automation. F5 delivers more cost-effective and scalable IT operations. We streamline customers' operations with consistent policies, comprehensive automation and rich analytics. This enables customers to consolidate vendors and tool sets, rationalize operational silos and automate life cycle management of their on-premises deployments. These three points of strong differentiation combined with the well-established role F5 plays embedded in the flow of application traffic enables us to extinguish the ball of fire for our customers in ways our competitors cannot. Let me review a few customer wins from Q3 that illustrate how F5 is differentiated and how our capabilities are delivering value for our customers. The first two customer examples I will speak to highlight our application and API security capabilities. During Q3, a US-based security products and services company launched an effort to modernize its IT infrastructure. Specifically, the customer was looking to expand beyond hardware to a hybrid cloud and SaaS-based IT and security infrastructure. The customer was an existing big IP customer and selected F5 Distributed Cloud services to complement its big IP estate, creating a scalable, self-managed cloud and SaaS-based solution. F5's portfolio of hardware, software and SaaS deployment options deliver standardized application and API security across their multi-cloud and hybrid environments, enabling them to modernize at their own pace. Also during the quarter, a channel partner brought in F5 when a US state government experienced a DDoS attack that brought down its servers. We quickly completed a successful emergency mitigation and deployed a suite of F5 solutions by our Distributed Cloud services. When the threat actor changed tactics and launched application layer attacks, F5's operations team quickly activated WAF and bot defense and stopped them. As a result of F5's performance under pressure, the customer is moving additional services to F5, including their DNS and other web and application properties. Before I move on to our next point of differentiation, I will take a minute to highlight that our continued innovation and industry-leading security performance is winning accolades from industry experts as well as customers. During the quarter, F5 was recognized as an application security leader by several independent parties. First, F5 is rated as a leader in both security efficacy and operational efficiency in SecureIQLab's 2024 Cloud WAAP CyberRisk Validation Report. F5 Distributed Cloud WAF earns SecureIQLab's Secure by Design rating passing the WAF vulnerability assessment with a perfect score. In addition, Enterprise Management Associates singled out F5 as a visionary in API security for our Distributed Cloud Web App and API protection or WAAP capabilities. In its Vendor Vision 2024 report, F5 is lauded for its holistic approach to API and application security, eliminating the need for customers to pay for and manage disparate API security solutions. And finally, KuppingerCole recognized F5 as a leader in web application firewall market, spotlighting F5 as a forerunner that is setting the bar for excellence in cybersecurity defenses. The next two customer wins I will highlight exemplify how F5 is enabling the hybrid multi-cloud flexibility our customers' businesses demand with the simplicity their IT operations require. They both also happen to be examples of our continued momentum against competitors. During the quarter, a U.S.-based technology company that delivers a web and video collaboration platform selected F5 to replace its incumbent ADC provider. The customer will use BIG-IP, including WAF and DNS capabilities to consolidate and standardize their infrastructure across their on-premises and third-party data centers. F5 was selected because of our software and hardware deployment options, the efficacy of our advanced WAF and our flexible commercial models. I will note that this also was a land and expand win. In 2020, we displaced a competitor for DDoS protection. In another example from the quarter, the large APAC-based travel agency selected F5 Distributed Cloud to enable it to address multiple challenges simultaneously. Initially, the customer was looking to streamline app delivery through a single abstract layer. In the process of proving its capabilities for this use case, F5 Distributed Cloud outperformed the incumbent security provider. As a result, the customer consolidated on F5, enabling them to stage application migration to new data centers while minimizing disruption and risk. In addition, Distributed Cloud's SaaS console and comprehensive observability features drastically reduced operational overhead for the customer. The final two customer wins I will speak to highlight how we streamlined customers' operations with consistent policies, comprehensive automation and rich analytics. During Q3, our team secured a large land and expand deal that was 18 months in the making. The customer is a global retail and investment bank with an extensive branch network. Banking regulations require them to separate segments of their IT environments. To accomplish this, they are building a new virtualized network to run in parallel to their existing environment. They selected BIG-IP software to augment their existing BIG-IP footprint. They also upgraded to NGINX Plus from open source. BIG-IP's automation capabilities enable them to implement automation best practices across the board, saving time and reducing the potential for human error. They are now able to operationalize multiple BIG-IPs in just 20 minutes to 30 minutes versus the days or in some cases, even weeks required previously. In addition, NGINX Plus delivers reliable and secure access to their Kubernetes applications and enables a consistent security posture across all of their application environments. The final example from the quarter, I will highlight, is with a global automotive company. This customer is an existing BIG-IP customer who is renewing and expanding their BIG-IP subscription for the second time. The customer is leveraging BIG-IP's automation capabilities to enable self-service application delivery and security services in seconds compared to the weeks or months it took previously. BIG-IP has significantly accelerated this customer's time-to-market for both internal and external customers. The value of BIG-IP's automation capabilities is so significant to them that their consumption has doubled with each renewal. Before I pass the call to Frank, I will close with some brief commentary about how we are enabling AI, shaping the AI revolution and working with customers to ensure they are AI-ready. During Q3, we continued to engage with several of our major customers focusing on their AI initiatives and collaborating to address their critical AI-related challenges. Two pivotal trends have emerged from these interactions. First, the largest organizations which are building AI factories are starting to recognize that high-performance networking and security are non-negotiable for both model training and inference. Second, organizations that are using foundational AI models for inference use APIs extensively. This use case also demands top-tier performance and robust security. In both scenarios, whether constructing AI factories for model training or executing inference, F5's leading ADC platform and our distinctive capabilities in application security and delivery will have an important role to play. We are seeing and winning early AI use cases. As an example, a global automotive company selected F5 BIG-IP to rapidly and securely transfer data from data storage systems to large-scale clusters, significantly accelerating their model training process. For retrieval augmented generation use cases like this, our solutions are optimizing the performance of AI models as they access and incorporate external data sources in real time. Separate from this customer, our entire product family is being utilized by other customers to load balance and protect AI-related API traffic. In the AI era, all communication is happening via APIs, which are increasingly distributed, running on-premises in private clouds and across multiple public clouds. F5's Distributed Cloud services is an ideal solution for organizations needing consistent management and security for their distributed AI APIs. Leveraging our long-standing partnerships with semiconductor leaders, we also are strategically positioned to advance these relationships in the AI era. Our approach remains technology agnostic focusing on solving real-world practical AI challenges for customers. Realistically, we expect we are probably one to two years out from enterprises deploying AI in production at scale. Importantly though, F5 is not just adapting to the AI revolution, we are actively shaping it, providing the critical infrastructure that enables our customers to harness the full potential of AI safely and efficiently. Now, I will turn the call to Frank. Frank?
Frank Pelzer: Thank you, Francois, and good afternoon, everyone. I will review our Q3 results before I elaborate on our Q4 outlook. We delivered Q3 revenue of $695 million with a mix of 56% global services and 44% product revenue. Global services revenue of $387 million grew 3%, in line with our expectations, which reflected lapping the benefit of prior price increases. Product revenue totaled $308 million, down 6% year-over-year due to a lower level of backlog-related systems shipments than a year ago quarter. Systems revenue of $130 million demonstrates a slowing decline of 16% year-over-year. Software revenue totaled $179 million, representing 3% year-over-year growth and 13% sequential growth. Subscription-based revenue contributed $155 million or 87% of total software revenue, representing 2% growth year-over-year and 10% sequential growth. Subscription renewals remained strong in Q3 with continued solid expansion in our multi-year agreements. An exception to this trend is our Bot Defense point solution where the majority of customers are renewing, but some are opting for less sophisticated lower-cost options. Rounding out our software revenue, perpetual software contributed $24 million. Revenue from recurring sources contributed 77% of Q3's revenue, up from 75% a year ago. Recurring revenue includes the subscription-based revenue as well as the maintenance portion of our global services revenue. On a regional basis, revenue from Americas was down 4% year-over-year, representing 55% of total revenue. EMEA delivered a strong quarter with 5% growth representing 27% of revenue. APAC declined 1%, representing 18% of revenue. Looking at our major verticals, enterprise customers delivered another strong performance, representing 67% of product bookings in the quarter. Government customers also performed well representing 21% of product bookings, including 7% from US Federal. Finally, service providers represented 12% of Q3 product bookings. Our Q3 operating results were strong, reflecting our continued operating discipline. GAAP gross margin was 80.4%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 83.1%, an improvement of approximately 65 basis points from Q3 in FY '23. Our GAAP operating expenses were $396 million. Our non-GAAP operating expenses were $346 million. Our GAAP operating margin was 23.4%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 33.4%, reflecting an improvement of approximately 20 basis points from Q3 of FY '23. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 16%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 17.5%. Similar to Q3 of last year, the lower-than-expected tax rate reflects a non-recurring benefit associated with filing our annual federal income tax return during the quarter. Our GAAP net income for the quarter was $144 million or $2.44 per share. Our non-GAAP net income was $199 million or $3.36 per share. I will now turn to cash flow and the balance sheet, which also remained very strong. We generated $159 million in cash flow from operations in Q3. CapEx was $6 million. DSO for the quarter was 54 days, in line with 51 days in Q2. Cash and investments totaled approximately $943 million at quarter end. Deferred revenue was $1.77 billion, down 1% from the year-ago period. The change is due to a higher weighting of our sales to term-based subscriptions and a corresponding lower allocation of bookings to deferred revenue. In addition, we are lapping price increases on maintenance renewals. We also have implemented some strategic go-to-market decisions, including no longer incentivizing customers towards multi-year maintenance agreements. Our share repurchases reflected our ongoing commitment to returning cash to shareholders. We repurchased $150 million worth of F5 shares in Q3 at an average price of $172 per share. Year-to-date, we have used approximately 77% of our free cash flow towards share repurchases, far in excess of our commitment to direct at least 50% of free cash flow towards share repurchases. Finally, we ended the quarter with approximately 6,500 employees. I will now speak to our outlook for Q4. We expect Q4 revenue in the range of $720 million to $740 million on the strength of our software renewals and a slight uptick in new business momentum. We expect non-GAAP gross margins of approximately 83%. We estimate Q4 non-GAAP operating expenses of $350 million to $362 million. We are targeting Q4 non-GAAP EPS in the range of $3.38 to $3.50 per share. We expect Q4 share-based compensation expense of approximately $54 million to $56 million. Our Q4 guidance implies some positive updates to our prior outlook for FY '24. We expect approximately $2.8 billion in revenue for the year. Embedded in this is the expectation for mid-to-high single digit software revenue growth, up from the flat to modest growth expectation we had at the start of the year. We now expect our FY '24 non-GAAP effective tax rate will be in the range of 19.5% to 20%, down from our prior range of 20% to 22%. With the combination of revenue growth, continued operational discipline and a tax rate that is improving compared to our prior expectations, we now expect FY '24 non-GAAP EPS growth of approximately 12%. This is up from our prior expectations of 7% to 9% growth. We are not revising our gross or operating margin targets for FY '24 and continue to expect non-GAAP gross margins in the range of 82% to 83%, which would reflect an improvement of 50 basis points to 150 basis points from FY '23. We also continue to expect non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 33% to 34%, which would reflect an improvement of 280 basis points to 380 basis points from FY '23. Before I pass the call back to Francois, I wanted to share some personal news. I've made the decision to retire from F5. I joined F5 in 2018 to help the team navigate a massive transition from a hardware-led company to one that was more software-led. Delivering our Q4 guidance will make FY '24, the third consecutive year, where software revenue is the majority of our product revenue, signaling that we have in fact successfully completed that transition. I plan to remain with the team as CFO through the filing of our FY '24 10-K likely in mid-November. Cooper Werner, who is currently our SVP of Finance, is slated to take over as CFO upon my departure. Many of you know Cooper well. He has been with F5 for 23 years, during which he has consistently taken on new responsibilities as F5 has grown and changed. He has been SVP of Finance for the last 12 years, managing our FP&A, real estate procurement and trade organizations. His extensive financial expertise and institutional knowledge have been pivotal in guiding our business model as we have executed our software transformation. Cooper is a strong and engaging leader and we expect him to be a great addition to the executive leadership team. I will continue to work with the team between now and November to ensure a smooth transition. With that, I'll pass the call back to Francois. Francois?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Frank. I truly cannot thank you enough for your partnership and counsel over the last six years. You have been an integral part of our executive leadership team with an immeasurable impact on F5. Your deep knowledge of software and SaaS-led businesses was instrumental to F5's successful transition to a software-led company. You have been a tireless advocate for F5, our business and our employees and an extraordinary partner and friend. I know it's not goodbye at this point, but I really want to thank you here and now. I will also echo your comments about Cooper. I have worked very closely with Cooper in my tenure at F5 and have enormous confidence in his ability to succeed you in the CFO role. In conclusion, I will reiterate that F5 is uniquely positioned to help our customers as they move forward in a hybrid and multi-cloud reality that brings with it untenable operational complexity, considerable cost and escalating security risks. As large enterprises across the globe are modernizing their IT infrastructures and driving IT cost optimization, they also are developing comprehensive AI strategies for their businesses. F5 is proving itself an invaluable partner in this modernization process and in enabling our customers to ready their IT infrastructure to leverage AI at scale. F5 is optimizing application security, delivery, management and performance across hybrid, multi-cloud environments with enhanced automation and meaningful operational efficiencies. Going forward, and especially as we enter the era of AI-driven applications. We believe customers will require a hybrid SaaS platform that covers all of their app security and delivery needs regardless of form factor. This is the world we have invested for and as customers gain more confidence in their IT budgets and priorities, we believe we are well-positioned to capture our share of their spend. Operator, please open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Tim Long with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Tim Long: Thank you. Congratulations and best of luck, Frank, and Cooper, congrats to you on the new role coming. I wanted to touch on the software side, Frank or Francois. I know you don't give a lot of -- all the specifics, but just looking at maybe the sequential growth, it seems a little surprisingly strong in the quarter there? Is there any way you can parse out for us kind of what drove the -- you said strong new business, any way you can quantify that? And then as far as the renewals, are these stronger true forwards? Is there better dollar retention? How do we, at a high level, think about the two aspects of what's looking better in software currently? And then at a hardware follow-up.
Frank Pelzer: Sure, Tim. So thanks so much for the kind wishes and thanks so much for the question. Yes, Cooper is going to do a great job in the role. On the software in particular, as you know, we will update some of the ARR-type metrics at the end of Q4. So I don't want to get too much into that. But I would say that when we take a look at an NRR, it still is world-class across the business. The subscription renewals in particular continue to be quite strong with some expansion. We, obviously, talked about a little bit of a challenge in the bot business, which is helping us somewhat in that number. But what really was strong was the new business activity, which we see in the pipeline, in some cases, we see it in hardware and it converts into a software deal through the course of the negotiations. But more broadly, it was the -- guidance that we had given was really based off not necessarily expecting a lot of new business activity. And in the quarter, you obviously saw that we ended up at the top end of our guidance. So you can sort of extrapolate that into a lift in new business activity.
Tim Long: Okay, great. And then just quickly on hardware. I know is still a challenge, but it does seem like other pockets of networking is starting to see a bottom. How do you feel about where we are at these levels given that most of the backlog comparison is hopefully behind you?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Hi, Tim, it's Francois. Look, I think we have seen hardware stabilize over the last several quarters as customers have digested inventory. And over the last several quarters, we have seen a number of customers still sweating their assets in the current macro-environment, but we're starting to see that change. And so for this year, we are about at the levels we think we're going to be this year. But going into next year, our view is that there -- the demand signals on hardware are pretty good. And so our expectations is that hardware, next year, will certainly not decline, possibly could be up relative to this year. And it's driven by a few use cases, Tim. Number one is we have a strong pipeline of tech refresh activity and this is largely from customers that have digested their inventory or customers that were sweating assets and no longer can do that at this point. And we're starting to see that the close rates on this pipeline are going to be pretty strong. Specifically in the service provider space where they have sweated assets very aggressively, we're now starting to see large programs come up again for CapEx in hardware in service provider. And also, we're starting to see AI as a catalyst on the horizon for hardware. So, specifically for the few large enterprises or service providers that are building large AI factories. And one of the big issues in building these large GPU clusters, obviously, is the cost of training these models. And our technology specifically are high capacity, high performance, traffic management technology, BIG-IP is perfectly suited to improve the efficiencies of these large AI factories and thereby reduce the cost of them. So we have already won a couple of opportunities in this area. We think it's going to take time to develop, but we're starting to see that as well as a potential positive catalyst for FY 2025.
Tim Long: Okay. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Tim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks. Maybe to start following up on Tim's question, just in some of that better pipeline, is that Distributed Cloud, is that NGINX, clearly you're kind of talking about some of the systems upside, but just if any more kind of disclosures around what kind of the makeup of that better pipeline is? And then maybe as a second question, I know you noted better expansion as well. Is that coming from kind of new products or customers expanding in their product portfolio within F5 or higher volumes? Thanks.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Hi, Meta. So the comments I just made were specific to hardware where, in fact, we have seen a stronger pipeline of tech refresh. But generally, our pipeline has been strong and that applies as well to NGINX and Distributed Cloud. Where this come from, Meta, is we've talked about the ball of fire and you've heard this term, but generally, our enterprise customers are really in a crisis because to be able to deliver the digital experiences that they have to deliver, they have to operate in these hybrid and multi-cloud environments and the complexity of these environments is escalating. So to give you an example, if you go back a year ago, we had about 20% of our customers that operated in more than six infrastructure environments and that has doubled in the last year to now 40% of our customers operating in these environments. And that creates a risk because of inconsistent security policies between this cloud and that cloud in this on-prem environment. It drives up operational cost, it forces them to use multiple vendors where they could use less vendors or consolidate on one. And all of these constitute this daunting complexity that we are on a mission to simplify. And so it's really the portfolio that we have put together with NGINX, Distributed Cloud and BIG-IP that creates effectively a single platform that can extinguish this ball of fire and really simplify hybrid and multi-cloud environments for our customers. In my prepared remarks also, I mentioned a couple of examples of that. We had a big security company that was using BIG-IP and used Distributed Cloud to augment their footprint and standardize their security across multiple environments, leveraging the portfolio of F5. So the pipeline that we're seeing across these product lines is really an effect of hybrid and multi-cloud complexity, being very present for our customers and us having multiple products to really address that complexity and simplify the operations of our customers.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from James Fish with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
James Fish: Hey guys, thanks for the questions here and congrats to you, Frank, on retirement, and Cooper, on the promotion. Looking forward to working with you more, Cooper. Maybe not to pick on something you guys mentioned here, but on the Bot Manager side, shape has been kind of problematic over the last year or so based on what you guys have said? I guess, what are you guys doing to try to change the trajectory of Bot Manager and how are you thinking about any potential security bundles between Bot Manager WAF and API security pieces, especially given you talked about customers looking at lower-cost alternatives?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Jim. I'll take that one. And what we're seeing in Bot, so in the Bot Management solution that is a high-end managed service. And it is a point solution. This is where Frank was sharing that we have been challenged on this area because it is a point solution and it is at the high end of the managed services scale. And we're seeing the majority of customers actually see enormous value in the solution and are renewing their subscription. But some customers not only want a lower end solution but also want to have a platform and have Bot as part of a platform bundle. And so our plan has been to migrate and take that technology, take the most sophisticated Bot technology that is on the market that we now have and integrate that technology onto our F5 Distributed Cloud platform. And so we now have Bot as part of F5 Distributed Cloud, our SaaS solution and we are now commercializing Bot as part of that bundle. In fact -- and we're getting quite a bit of traction on that. In fact, if you look at our WAAP as a service customers so those are customers that would buy a bundle that includes WAF, Bot, API security and DDoS, any one combination of these four services. The number of WAAP as a service customers that we have has doubled over the last year, but those are WAAP customers on our platform using the bundle. So it's really a transition, Jim, from a point solution at the high end to a solution that's part of a platform and part of a bundle, which is where I think our customers want to go.
James Fish: Got it. And Frank, for you, one of the questions I'm getting here after ours is around you guys talked about raising fiscal Q4 kind of outlook. Last quarter, you guys kind of gave some color around fiscal '25. So growth rate goes up this year, should we continue to expect the dollar numbers that you outlined last time as kind of a good proxy for fiscal '25 at this point or are you still feeling confident in those growth rates on higher numbers? Thanks, guys.
Frank Pelzer: Yes, absolutely. I appreciate the question, Jim. So look, we'll have more to say in October about FY '25. We're not updating anything as of now for FY '25. My starting point would still be go back to what I said in October of a mid-single digit growth off of a flat-to-low single digit FY '24. And you'll probably triangulate around to the number where we are. We are still in the process of our FY '25 planning process. What we absolutely will do is deliver 35% operating margin off of that revenue number. And that is largely based off of the confidence that we've got in the subscription renewals and how they are playing out. The one thing that I'd probably add is if you take a look as I just want to make sure there's no confusion as we look ahead into next year versus maybe what happened in this quarter, we do expect more of that growth to come in the back half of FY '25 because of just where we see the subscription renewals and the larger ones really happening in the back half of '25. And so I would expect the first half to be relatively flat, maybe slightly up depending on what happens with some of the new business activity and if that momentum continues. But more of that growth is going to come in the back half of FY '25 of what we did in FY '24. So I just want to directionally give you that's the way we're thinking about the business.
James Fish: Helpful. Congrats again on retirement, Frank.
Frank Pelzer: Thanks so much. I appreciate it, Jim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Ng: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for the question. I just have two. First on software. I was wondering if you could comment on how the potential headwinds related to the retirement of the legacy SaaS businesses and migration of Silverline to DCS has gone relative to expectations. I was just wondering if you could update us, I think previously you had said an up to $65 million headwind there. And then second, in your prepared remarks, you talked about no longer incentivizing customers toward multi-year maintenance. I was wondering if you could just provide a little bit of additional color on why there's a good market change there. Thank you very much.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes. I'll start with the question on the transition in the SaaS business. Things are progressing pretty much the way we expected to. Indeed, we have about $65 million of legacy in the $200 million ARR that we shared in October. We -- some of this is products that we have retired and other is services that we intend to migrate to our Distributed Cloud platform. Those migrations have started. We are early in the curve. We did say it would be a two-year journey. So we are early in the process, but the migration are starting and largely going to plan. What we're seeing in that business is, A, on the -- as Frank mentioned earlier, on the -- at the high end of the Bot Manager business, we are seeing there some churn because we're seeing a lot of customers renewing, but some customers not renewing, wanting to move to lower-end solution or platform-based solutions. But on the flip side, in our SaaS platform on Distributed Cloud, we are seeing strong growth, strong new customer adoption, and that's driven by the bundle of offerings that we have in the platform. I mentioned WAAP earlier as an incredible offering, but it's also -- that traction is also driven by API security. So securing APIs is becoming a really big challenge for enterprises. You'll hear more about this in quarters and years to come because AI is going to make the importance of API security even greater. But we're seeing significant traction in this area in part because we have built the most comprehensive API security solution that goes from code scanning to comprehensive discovery of APIs all the way to protecting these APIs. And so it's eliminating weeks on end of manual testing and analysis in a solution that automates all of that. The -- and so the traction we're seeing is year-on-year. The number of API customers, API security customers that we have has tripled since last year. So those are the dynamics in the SaaS and managed services business.
Frank Pelzer: And Michael, on the maintenance question, this is the maintenance associated with our perpetual hardware and software. And as most people know, our global service organization is world-class, they do an amazing job in all the customer relationships and they lead -- that has led to significant, very high attach rates throughout those products for a long period of time, frankly, on some of those products. And so what we have seen over time is that, generally, the discounts that we offer for those services upfront. Over time, we try to recoup some of that discount rate as each renewal cycle goes through. And what we found is that, with our super-high attach rate, the quality of the service that we delivered and the fact that we are a very cash-generative company, we don't really need three years of cash upfront to lock in those customers. The service does it itself, the product does itself. And so we did need to continue to incentivize through higher discounts and multi-year maintenance agreements and have strategically moved away from that. So that was really the comment in relation to the deserve -- the deferred revenue associated with our services business.
Michael Ng: Great. Thanks, Francois. Thanks, Frank.
Frank Pelzer: Yes, sure, Mike.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Alex Henderson with Needham & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Henderson: Great. Thanks. First off, let me say congratulations to the two people involved in these changes. Frank, it's great working with you. And I certainly look forward to working more with Cooper who's been fabulous over the years. So my question is, first and foremost, is there any change in the sales staffing levels? Have you been seeing any increase in poaching by competitors? There's been some chatter around a couple of your competitors who have had some management changes that they pulled some pretty good people out of F5 on the sales front. Is that accurate or inaccurate? And then the second question, more to the environment. As we look at the year of efficiency to take Zuck's comment and extend it out to multi-years, which is really the right frame -- timeframe, that appears to have run its course and does it look like it's starting to show a stability in the application arena where applications are starting to reaccelerate broadly. Is that a metric that we can use to get at least a directional qualification on F5's outlook? For instance, if we see strong sales or application growth at the cloud companies, is that a read-through to you guys?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Hi, Alex. Let me take you through two questions. Let me start with your question on our sales -- on the sales side and staffing level. So at the highest level, I will tell you our attrition in sales is well below industry norms and has been that way for a while, in part because of the culture we nurture at F5 and the very strong leadership team that we have in the sales organization. We have an extraordinary sales team at F5. I am very proud of the sales team we have, the relationship that we have with large enterprise customers across our sales organizations and the way that this organization is serving our customers. I'm actually proud that competitors are trying to poach a person here or there, but it takes way more than a couple of hires to recreate the enterprise go-to-market model that we have built over 20-plus years, not just with our own field teams, but also with our several 1,000 channel partners that get up every day and to go promote F5 and build relationship with customers. So I feel very, very confident about our go-to-market organization and very confident about our competitiveness in continuing to hire and retain the best salespeople on the market. Then as a -- as it really to your second question around how to think about outlook for F5, yes, it is a big positive. The dynamic you mentioned around where customers are at in their application rationalization is a big positive for F5 because our business is driven by the number of applications, the complexity of applications and also where -- the distribution of applications. And so increasingly, what we are seeing, Alex, is that customers have to place their application in multiple infrastructure environments. I mentioned a stat earlier, about 40% of organizations operating in more than six infrastructure environments. That creates flexibility for customers, but on the other hand, it creates massive complexity. And we have built the only platform in the industry that can truly secure and deliver and optimize any of these applications or API regardless of where they're at. We truly are the only infrastructure-agnostic player in the market, in app security and delivery. And so this distribution of application which will accelerate with AI, right, is a big positive for us. And it will accelerate with AI because as you know, AI has the issue of data gravity. Models want to be close to where the data is, inference needs to run where inference is going to run. And so we're seeing also more distribution of apps and app components with AI. Again, that plays to the F5's capability in solving this ball of fire problem.
Alex Henderson: Great. Thanks for the clarity.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Simon Leopold with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Simon Leopold: Thanks for taking the question. First, Frank and Cooper, congratulations on the job switching. Best of luck to both of you. First of all, this might be a tricky question for you to answer, but one of the anecdotes we've picked up is regarding Broadcom's price adjustments on VMware, and the thought was that this was affecting your business because it was perhaps shifting budgets for your customers. Now clearly, you put up a very strong software number this quarter. And I'm wondering if this is either despite what's happening with the VMware pricing or if there's some other explanation and maybe this number would be even better if not for that.
Francois Locoh-Donou: I mean, anecdotally, I think you are right in the sense that I have heard, again, anecdotally from a couple of customers where in the short term in terms of coping with these price increases, they have had to pull budget and into the VMware Broadcom situation. I have not seen that as a very significant trends across a large base of customers. And I also think it's a fairly short-term reaction to what's going on with -- I think that will settle out a little differently down the road. So that's perhaps the only validation that I have for the anecdote you just raised.
Simon Leopold: Great. And then just as a follow-up. In terms of the way you're envisioning your opportunities with enterprise adoption of AI, would you expect that your opportunity would be correlated to essentially traditional server sales? And I'm presuming that really in the GPU clusters, that NVIDIA is -- basically has its own internal load balance. And so that's not your use case. I just wanted to clarify that. Thank you.
Francois Locoh-Donou: So the -- if you pull way up, Simon, in terms of AI, the big trends that are emerging, the big issues are, number one, cost and number two, security or safety and security. So let me talk to each for a moment. The cost issue, it's first with the companies, there are few digital innovators that are building large AI factories and they're investing massive amounts in these GPU clusters, but there is a challenge around the utilization of these GPUs. And so our high capacity data ingestion capability, our high capacity load balancing solutions are a perfect fit to increase the efficiency of these AI factories or low balance traffic between multiple AI clusters, thereby reducing the cost per query, if you will, of these infrastructures. And so there we see an immediate opportunity with existing products for the companies that are building these kinds of factories, where I think the opportunity shifts in the long term is for all enterprises who will deploy an AI in their environments and who will want to run inference in their environment. A big issue is going to be how do you secure these AI models and we believe that APIs are absolutely key -- securing APIs is the key to securing data and securing AI workloads. And for that reason, we have placed significant investment in API security. And I mentioned earlier that we are already seeing year-on-year a tripling of the number of API security customers that we have. That has not been driven by AI yet, but we expect AI to be a substantial catalyst on that solution going forward.
Simon Leopold: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our final question from Sebastien Naji with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Sebastien Naji: Great. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to first echo the congratulations to both you, Frank and Cooper as well. My first question is really around the mix shift between software and hardware. It just seems like over the last few years, that mix shift to software has been maybe a little bit slower than expected with many customers preferring to stick to their hardware form factors. I'm just wondering as we enter a new upgrade cycle here in fiscal year '25, could something change? Could we see a more rapid shift to more software solutions this time around?
Francois Locoh-Donou: I think we talked about the dynamics, the dynamics of hardware and software and what we see as the catalyst for hardware in next year. But I should say, we don't preference -- we've been very clear about that over the last several years that part of the value that our customers see in F5 relative to other players is that we don't force them to adopt one delivery model or the other. We are advisors and we help them make the right choices, but we don't force them. And I think especially relative to SaaS players who come into large enterprises and are asking them to change the way they do business to go adopt talent solutions, we're completely different in the sense that we meet our customers where they are. And if that is starting with hardware and modernizing with software or hybrid hardware-software solution or it's leveraging hardware or software in their environment and then SaaS for a certain number of applications, we meet our customers where they're at and we provide them flexibility and choice that is unparalleled in the industry. And that differentiates us from either the traditional ADC vendors that have historically only have hardware-software clients or the pure SaaS infrastructure players that do not have hardware-software consumption models and therefore want to force customers to do something different. And that doesn't work for large enterprises either. So we -- that is really how we go to market. And in terms of how will that manifest itself in terms of hardware and software next year and we will see. We've got good catalysts on hardware. We think our software is going to continue to grow. We did say that we expected to return to double-digit growth in software next year. We still feel that way. And so that's where we are overall in the mix of these solutions. But the most important for our customers is the combination of both and meeting them where they are to modernize their environment and solve their ball of fire problem.
Sebastien Naji: Got it. That's helpful. Maybe as a quick follow-up, when you're successfully cross-selling F5 customers to some of the Distributed Cloud Security solutions, are you typically displacing another vendor or is there a lot of greenfield opportunity for things like API security where maybe they're not -- they don't have a dedicated solution for that yet?
Francois Locoh-Donou: So it's both. It's a combination of both. We've shared, I think, earlier in the year that about two-thirds of our distributed cloud customers are BIG-IP customers or existing F5 customers and about one-third are net new customers to F5, they have never had a relationship with F5. So we're also acquiring new logos with Distributed Cloud. However, as it relates to customers with whom we are cross-selling, sometimes it is customers who had to go to a pure SaaS player before F5 had a SaaS solution. And so therefore had to increase their complexity because they would use F5 on-prem and they would either use a public cloud player for some applications or a CDN or edge player for applications, thereby creating complexity and multiplicity of vendors. And now that we have F5 Distributed Cloud and we've built some integrations, they are coming back to us saying, actually, I can have a single vendor for all of my application deliver and security. I can have consistent security across all my environments. That is way simpler for me and therefore, that's a better solution for me. So yes, at times, this is displacing SaaS players essentially that had gone into the environment. And sometimes it is greenfield. It's a set of applications that they were perhaps not yet protecting and for which Distributed Cloud comes with our full application security bundle and solves a big problem of security and complexity for them.
Sebastien Naji: Great. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-04-29 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5, Inc. Second Quarter Fiscal 2024 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Also, today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]
 I'll now turn the call over to Ms. Suzanne DuLong. Ma'am, you may begin. 
Suzanne DuLong: Hello, and welcome. I am Suzanne DuLong, F5's Vice President of Investor Relations. Francois Locoh-Donou, F5's President and CEO; and Francis Pelzer, F5's Executive Vice President and CFO, will be making prepared remarks on today's call. Other members of the F5 executive team are also here to answer questions during the Q&A session.
 A copy of today's press release is available on our website at f5.com, where an archived version of today's audio will be available through July 28, 2024. We will post the slide deck accompanying today's webcast to our IR site at the conclusion of our call. To access the replay of today's webcast by phone, dial (877) 660-6853 or (201) 612-7415 and use meeting ID 13745541. The telephonic replay will be available through midnight Pacific Time, April 30, 2024. For additional information or follow-up questions, please reach out to me directly at s.dulong@f5.com.
 Our discussion today will contain forward-looking statements, which includes words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. We have summarized factors that may affect our results in the press release announcing our financial results and in detail in our SEC filings.
 In addition, we will reference non-GAAP metrics during today's discussion. Please see our full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation in today's press release and in the appendix of our earnings slide deck. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call.
 With that, I will turn the call over to Francois. 
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Suzanne, and hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us. In my remarks today, I will speak to our Q2 highlights as well as our expectations for Q3 in FY '24. Frank will then review the details of our Q2 results and provide additional color on our outlook.
 Overall, customers remain cautious as a result of lingering macroeconomic concerns and what currently looks like generally flat IT budgets for calendar 2024. Against this backdrop, we delivered a solid Q2 with revenue near the midpoint of our guidance range. Our software subscription renewals continued to perform well, driving 20% total software revenue growth compared to a year ago, including 28% subscription revenue growth.
 We also delivered non-GAAP earnings per share growth of 15% with EPS of $2.91 per share at the high end of our guidance range. As we look into our second half, we remain on track to deliver on our FY '24 revenue outlook. We expect continued strong performance from our software subscription renewals, and our renewals base provides good visibility into the back half of FY '24. We also remain committed to continued operating discipline, and we are raising our FY '24 non-GAAP EPS outlook to a range of 7% to 9% growth from our prior range of 6% to 8% growth. Frank will discuss our outlook in greater detail in a few minutes.
 Before he does that, I will spend a few minutes speaking to the hybrid multi-cloud ball of fire our customers' IT teams are living in, explaining F5's differentiation in addressing this ball of fire and highlighting some notable customer wins from Q2. The current state of application security and delivery for large enterprises has IT teams in crisis. The increasing complexity and the associated cost and risk they are battling is not incremental. It is untenable, and it is growing even more so by the day.
 Just a few years ago, customer believed that by now, their applications would be consolidated in the public cloud. Instead, today, they are grappling with a more complex and costly set of challenges than ever before. 88% of our customers report they are currently operating applications across a combination of on-premises and cloud environments. On average, organizations are operating across 4.5 different types of environments. Most organizations have hundreds of applications, each with a set of associated APIs distributed across these multiple environments.
 And because modern applications have decomposed monolithic applications into smaller components, those components are more fragmented and distributed. As a result, APIs and data also are more distributed. The result of this expansion and distribution is amplified security risks across a larger attack surface area. These challenges will be further intensified by the inevitable widespread adoption and proliferation of AI.
 This complexity is preventing organizations from operating at the speed their businesses demand. Manual tasks, inconsistent security controls, operational silos, lack of available talent, escalating cloud costs and inefficient traffic routing are slowing them down. We have affectionately named this set of escalating challenges the ball of fire.
 During Q2, we spoke with more than 1,600 customers and partners about the ball of fire at our global AppWorld events. These events gave us the opportunity to explain how our distributed app security and delivery platform can mitigate customers' ball of fire challenges. We have significantly expanded and evolved our solutions portfolio over the last several years. Today, only F5 can truly support the demands of today's hybrid multi-cloud application infrastructures. More specifically, we are the only solution provider that secures, delivers and optimizes any app, any API anywhere.
 F5 is highly differentiated in addressing customers' pain points in this ball of fire in several ways. First, app security. F5 offers the most effective and comprehensive app and API security platform in the industry. While several providers offer point products for specific threat vectors, F5 has built an integrated and comprehensive suite of best-in-class capabilities, all delivered through a single platform. Why does this matter to our customers? Because our customers can consolidate solutions addressing all of their app security needs with a single platform and without making trade-offs on efficacy.
 Second, simplification. We make hybrid multi-cloud ridiculously easy. Only F5 has a solution footprint that extends to all environments in the ball of fire, including public clouds, at the edge and customers' on-prem environments. F5 radically simplifies the work of connecting these disparate infrastructure environments as well as the applications deployed in and across them. Why do customers care about this? Because we enable the hybrid multi-cloud flexibility their businesses demand with the simplicity their IT operations require.
 And third, standardization and automation. F5 uniquely streamlines customers' operations with consistent policies, comprehensive automation and rich analytics. This enables customers to consolidate vendors and tool sets, rationalize operational silos and automate life cycle management of their on-premises deployments. The result is far less toil for NetOps, SecOps and DevOps teams. Why does this matter to customers? Because it results in more cost-effective and scalable IT operations.
 It is the combination of these 3 points of strong differentiation along with the role that F5 plays embedded in the flow of application traffic that create F5's unique position and enable us to extinguish the ball of fire for our customers. We empower our customers to run at the speed their businesses demand. Let me offer a few customer examples from Q2 to illustrate how these capabilities are manifesting today in our customers' real-world use cases.
 The first 2 customer examples I will speak to highlight our application security capabilities. The first example is an API security use case. Last quarter, we spoke to the substantial increase we are seeing in the volume of API-targeted attacks. Customers tell us API security is one of their most significant concerns and with good reason. APIs represent a critical avenue for attack, potentially exposing backend systems and data. We foresaw this API crisis coming and last year, launched a comprehensive and AI-ready API security solution available via F5 Distributed Cloud Services.
 Our differentiation stems from our ability to go beyond API discovery through traffic analysis. In addition, we performed continuous monitoring, code scanning, API testing analysis, threat surface mapping and enforcement. We do all of this in a holistic, easy-to-deploy solution that provides complete visibility, architectural flexibility and management through a single pane of glass.
 During Q2, a large multinational networking and telecommunications company needed a solution to mitigate an explosive rise in API and web application attacks on its digital wallet solution. This solution supports more than 400 million wallets across 24 countries, processing over 2.8 billion transactions worth more than $40 billion every month. To protect their consumers' financial transactions on a global scale, this use case demanded the highest level of app and API security efficacy with no trade-offs on performance. The customer is standardizing on F5's Distributed Cloud Services, application and API security as the basis for its new industry network and API security globally, ensuring coverage for new markets worldwide with heightened security for financial transactions.
 The second app security example is a bot mitigation use case. In Q2, a multinational beverage company leveraged our Distributed Cloud Services platform for advanced bot mitigation. During a proof of concept, F5's solution discovered 99% of the customers' traffic was coming from bots and it blocked millions of fraudulent attempts. As a result, the customer deployed F5 across its branded marketing and consumer-facing sites and thus far, has saved near $3 million in fraud. This deployment is also an example of the success of our land-and-expand strategy as the customer previously deployed F5 for load balancing and WAF.
 The next customer win I will highlight exemplifies how F5 is able to simplify connecting disparate infrastructures, making hybrid multi-cloud ridiculously easy for our customers. An energy company in our APAC region selected a combination of BIG-IP VELOS hardware and Distributed Cloud Services to improve application security and scalability while also driving operational efficiency and reducing costs. Following the acquisitions of several companies, the customers wanted a new shared infrastructure that united their disparate on-premises operating environments and positioned them to move to the cloud. Ultimately, this customer opted to consolidate multiple vendors on to F5, leveraging our hardware and SaaS offerings.
 The final 2 customer wins I will highlight demonstrate how we streamline customers' operations with consistent policies, comprehensive automation and rich analytics. During Q2, an American auto insurance provider selected F5 Distributed Cloud Services to increase their business velocity through automation. The customer faced the ball of fire. The evolution of their multi-cloud infrastructure led to tool fragmentation, inefficient modern application deployment, inconsistent security and the lack of manageability and visibility.
 The customer evaluated several point solutions in addition to F5's platform approach. We demonstrated our ability to improve velocity through automation while also providing consistent and more effective app security and faster response times. The customer ultimately consolidated on to F5, replacing their existing WAAP provider with Distributed Cloud Services.
 In another example from Q2, a multinational bank and financial services company expanded their F5 BIG-IP footprint. Leveraging both software instances in public clouds and hardware and traditional data centers, F5 is enabling a fully automated self-service ADC and security solution for all of their load balancing and firewall needs. As a result, the customers speed of provisioning new application services have gone from weeks to minutes, and F5 has captured a 2x increase in spend over the last 5 years.
 Before I pass the call to Frank, I will close with some brief commentary about how we are innovating to target and capture emerging AI opportunities. There is no question that AI will accelerate the growth in the number of applications and APIs. It will also exacerbate the ball of fire. Last quarter, we spoke about F5 as an AI enabler and discussed some early use cases where customers are deploying F5 in support of AI initiatives.
 In addition to innovating and evolving our portfolio to ensure we are optimizing for AI, we also are engaging customers in architectural discussions about the AI readiness of their environments. We already are working with customers on 3 specific AI-related challenges. The first is API security because API security is AI security.
 As APIs proliferate, for example, through the adoption and deployment of AI services for inferencing, there is a critical need for a solution that automatically discovers and secures those endpoints. As I mentioned earlier, F5 has the most comprehensive, AI-ready API security solution available today via F5 Distributed Cloud Services.
 The second AI-related challenge is secure multi-cloud networking. With increasingly distributed applications and APIs, customers need high-throughput connectivity across on-premises, cloud and edge for AI inference. Distributed Cloud Services is unmatched in its capabilities to connect, secure and manage distributed apps and APIs across hybrid and multi-cloud environments.
 The third AI-related challenge is high-speed data ingestion. In use cases where customers want to ingest data for multibillion parameter AI models, they need high-performance low balancing, and no one is better at high-throughput load balancing than F5. We expect that enterprises broadly renting AI adoption over the next 1 to 2 years will bring a host of additional AI-fueled use cases for F5 solutions. Our platform approach, our continuing innovation and our role in the line of traffic of millions of applications that will ultimately leverage AI puts us in a unique position to partner with customers as they work to solve both current and future AI challenges.
 Now I will turn the call to Frank. Frank? 
Francis Pelzer: Thank you, Francois, and good afternoon, everyone. I will review our Q2 results before I elaborate on our Q3 and FY '24 outlook. We delivered Q2 revenue of $681 million, reflecting sales that were down 3% year-over-year with a mix of 56% global services and 44% product revenue. Global services revenue of $381 million grew 5%, in line with our expectations, which reflect our lapping the benefit of prior price increases. Product revenue totaled $300 million, down 12% year-over-year, reflecting a lower level of backlog-related systems shipments than the year ago quarter. Systems revenue of $142 million declined 32% year-over-year.
 Total software revenue grew 20% over the year ago period to $159 million. Subscription-based revenue contributed $140 million or 88% of the total software revenue, representing growth of 28% from last year. Within subscriptions, renewals were strong. As expected, demand for new subscriptions were flat year-over-year, given customers' current spending caution on new projects. Rounding out our software revenue, perpetual software contributed $18 million. Revenue from recurring sources contributed 75% of Q2's revenue, up from 65% a year ago. Recurring revenue includes subscription-based revenue as well as the maintenance portion of our global services revenue.
 On a regional basis, revenue from Americas grew 1% year-over-year, representing 57% of total revenue. EMEA declined 6%, representing 26% of revenue, and APAC declined 9%, representing 17% of revenue. Looking at our major verticals, we saw relative strength from enterprises with enterprise customers representing 69% of product bookings in the quarter. Government customers performed well, representing 19% of product bookings, including 7% from U.S. Federal. Finally, following the strong Q1, service providers represented 13% of Q2 product bookings.
 Our Q2 operating results reflect the usual seasonal patterns as well as our continued operating discipline. GAAP gross margin was 79.3%, non-GAAP gross margin was 82.1%, an improvement of approximately 170 basis points from Q2 of FY '23. As expected, our operating expenses ticked up in Q2 given payroll tax resets as of January 1 as well as costs associated with our global AppWorld events.
 Our GAAP operating expenses were $400 million. Our non-GAAP operating expenses were $349 million. Our GAAP operating margin was 20.5%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 30.9%, reflecting an improvement of approximately 370 basis points from Q2 of FY '23. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 18.4%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 20%. Our GAAP net income for the quarter was $119 million or $2 per share. Our non-GAAP net income was $173 million, up approximately 13% from Q2 of FY '23. Our non-GAAP EPS was $2.91 per share, up approximately 15% from Q2 of last year.
 I will now turn to cash flow and balance sheet, which also remained very strong. We generated $222 million in cash flow from operations in Q2, up 57% from $141 million in the year ago period. The significant increase is largely the result of an increase in cash received from customers and the timing of collections compared to billings.
 CapEx was $9 million. DSO for the quarter was 51 days, down from our unusually high 67 days in Q1 and reflecting our improved product availability and a return to normalized shipping linearity, which supported strong cash collections. Cash and investments totaled approximately $910 million at quarter end. Deferred revenue was $1.81 billion, up 1% from Q2 of FY '23.
 Our share repurchases reflect our ongoing commitment to returning cash to shareholders. We repurchased $100 million worth of F5 shares in Q2 at an average price of $184 per share. Year-to-date, we have used approximately 68% of our free cash flow towards share repurchases. Finally, we ended the quarter with approximately 6,450 employees.
 I will now speak to our outlook for Q3 and our updated view on our FY '24 outlook. First, I will speak to Q3. We expect Q3 revenue in the range of $675 million to $695 million. We expect non-GAAP gross margins in the range of 82% to 83%. We estimate Q3 non-GAAP operating expenses of $340 million to $352 million. We are targeting Q3 non-GAAP EPS in the range of $2.89 to $3.01 per share. We expect Q3 share-based compensation expense of approximately $55 million to $57 million.
 I will now turn to our FY '24 outlook. We have good visibility to and confidence in our subscription renewals in our second half. This visibility leads us to expect our second half of FY '24 will be stronger than our first half, reflecting the cyclicality associated with the timing and cadence of our subscription renewals. Our outlook does not assume a significant improvement in macro environment.
 As Francois mentioned, we expect FY '24 revenue growth that is flat to down 2% from FY '23. This outlook is consistent with our prior FY '24 revenue outlook, albeit with more specificity on the range given we're halfway through the year. We are not revising our gross or operating margin targets for FY '24 and continue to expect non-GAAP gross margins in the range of 82% to 83%. We expect non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 33% to 34%. We now expect our FY '24 tax rate will be in the range of 20% to 22%, a slightly wider range than our prior estimate of 21% to 22%. Finally, we are raising our non-GAAP EPS growth expectations. We now expect FY '24 non-GAAP EPS growth between 7% and 9%. This is up from 6% to 8% range we provided last quarter.
 I will now turn the call back to Francois. Francois? 
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Frank. In conclusion, F5 predicted the hybrid multi-cloud ball of fire crisis our customers now face. For the last several years, we have been innovating and evolving to create the industry's first distributed application security and delivery platform.
 Today, we are the only provider capable of securing, delivering and optimizing any application, any API regardless of its location, be it in a data center, any one of the public clouds, at SaaS or at the network edge. Today's hybrid and multi-cloud reality brings with it untenable operational complexity, considerable cost and escalating security risks. Broad-based enterprise adoption of AI will only compound these challenges.
 F5's 3 points of differentiation, best-of-breed app security, our ability to simplify connecting disparate infrastructures and our ability to streamline operations through standardization and automation set F5 apart from the alternatives. When combined with the role we play in the line of application traffic, these differentiators position us to extinguish the ball of fire for our customers, empowering them to run at the speed their businesses demand.
 Operator, please open the call to questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tim Long with Barclays. 
Timothy Long: Maybe 2, if I could. First, Francois, I think the last few quarters, you talked about kind of competitive landscape and some disruption at some of your competitors. Could you just give us an update on that kind of win rate or what you're seeing?
 And then second, I did want to dig into that AI commentary with load balancing a little bit more. Is it, for F5, going to be specifically for enterprise use cases? Or will you guys play in some of these other larger data centers that are seeing a lot of CapEx activity currently and maybe timing of that enterprise, if you could. 
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Tim. So maybe let me start with your second question, and then I'll come back to the competitive landscape. But Tim, on AI, the use case that I referred to when I talked about high-capacity load balancing for data ingestion, I think we're going to see that use case primarily in enterprises, but specifically enterprises that are running their own large language model at scale and who have a need to ingest significant amount of data, whether that data comes from their own on-premise environments or from the cloud.
 But the need to ingest this data and send the data to various environments is creating the need for high-capacity load balancing. And we're starting to see more of the digital innovators, so those large enterprises that have invested heavily in digital transformation and are maybe ahead of others, that are starting to deploy large language models in production have this kind of need. This is not inside of a hyperscaler's infrastructure, if that's what you're asking. That is an enterprise need for a specific type of enterprise. And that is, as you know, very early days.
 We are also on AI beyond high-capacity load balancing. We are also seeing a couple of other types of use cases. Specifically, the fact that AI workloads are going to be distributed and have a heavy reliance on APIs means that API security is emerging as a really important capability to support AI workloads, and we're starting to see a couple of use cases in that area.
 And then the third is the ability to network applications together across multiple clouds is really key in AI because customers have their data in different environments. They want to learn -- they want to run models in certain environment and access data in other environments, and that requires connecting and networking applications or workloads together. And we've got a capability to do that with Distributed Cloud. So this is what we're seeing emerging as use cases in AI. It's early days, but we're pretty encouraged by what we've seen over the last 3 to 6 months.
 To your first question about the competitive landscape, I did, in fact, refer to a couple of our competitors that have changed their models. I think the first one, more in the traditional ADC space, we continue to see very good traction in that area. I would say the momentum relative to last year has accelerated. And so things in that area is going to plan. And we have several [ win ] examples, essentially consolidating on to F5 multiple capabilities, including capabilities that could have come from a competitor or replacing a competitor altogether in some of the largest enterprises, both in North America and around the world.
 And then in the area of SaaS, we continue to make good traction with XC, including displacing some competitors. And really the approach that we've taken with -- when I say XC, I mean, F5 Distributed Cloud Services. The approach we have taken with F5 Distributed Cloud is really recognizing that in the areas of application security, customers really ideally want all of the capabilities in one platform. And so we have built API security, DDoS protection, web application firewall, bot defense, all of that into a single platform. And that's quite appealing to customers and allowing us to come in and take out some competitors that perhaps have not invested to the degree we have. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. 
Samik Chatterjee: I guess for the first one, Francois, Frank, you have some strong momentum here on the software subscription revenue quarter-over-quarter. Just how should I think about sustainability of that momentum going forward? And maybe the same one, sort of a bit disappointed to see the perpetual revenue on the software side moderate this much quarter-over-quarter, but it also seems like that's the lowest we've seen it track. So is there any potentially sort of more downside to that perpetual revenue number? But any thoughts on both of those aspects and the outlook there would be helpful. And I have a follow-up. 
Francis Pelzer: Yes. Samik, why don't I start with that? So this is one of those areas that will fluctuate quarter-to-quarter. Obviously, with last quarter, we had several large perpetual deals that gave us in-quarter revenue and lifted that software number up. We were not surprised this is the way it's playing out internally in our model, to dip back down in Q2, and would expect other results, obviously, with the software guidance that we've given for the back half of the year. That subscription revenue at 88% of total software revenue was an all-time high for us. It's going to fluctuate, but I would expect that it's going to be higher as a percentage than obviously what we saw in Q1. 
Samik Chatterjee: Okay. And Francois, I appreciate all your comments about sort of how you're helping enterprises with their AI, sort of particularly said investments. But I think on the investor side at least, not sure as much on the industry side, but there's a lot of debate about when enterprises do spend towards AI use cases. Is that more of them spending on-prem? Or is that on a public cloud? Any insights you're getting from the early use cases on that and how -- sort of where they choose to spend, dictate sort of how they utilize the F5 portfolio? 
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. I think what we're seeing is it's going to be, by nature, AI implementations are going to be multi-cloud. And the reason for that is customers want to do training in certain environments. They want to do inference in other environments. For a number of verticals, they want to do inference at the edge. And also, their data is in a lot of different locations.
 In addition, these AI models need to access other services, including other models, so by definition, what we're starting to see is customers' AI implementation are hybrid and multi-cloud. And that's why we have talked about what we call the ball of fire, which is really the fact that customers increasingly -- we have -- close to 90% of our customers are now in hybrid and multi-cloud environment. And we think close to 40% of our customers are using 6 or more cloud environments.
 And we think that, that will accelerate as they start implementing and deploying AI, and that creates a ton of complexity for them, complexity to secure applications, complexity to network these applications together, complexity to deal with disparate tools and different vendors for application services. And we have really consolidated all of that into a single platform that automates networking application and securing applications together across cloud environment. We think that's the value proposition that's going to play well in AI.
 Now we also think that enterprises really deploying AI at scale, we're still, I think, 1 to 2 years away from seeing that. The early use cases that we've seen are from large enterprises that are ahead of everybody else and are really starting to deploy, but I think it won't grow mainstream until several quarters from now. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Henderson with Needham & Co. 
Alex Henderson: So I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the implication of a reacceleration in application growth in the context of most of the cloud companies, and we don't have Amazon yet, but other ones such as Microsoft Azure has already seen -- seeing a reacceleration after several years of the so-called efficiency movement decelerating. That growth rate does now look like it's starting to reaccelerate. And I was wondering if you could talk about whether Hashi acquisition has any impact on you positively or negatively and what you're doing to take advantage of those 2 dynamics within the distribution VAR channels? 
François Locoh-Donou: Alex, thank you. So on the potential reacceleration, if confirmed of applications, we think it has potentially 2 implications. The first one is more customers deploying more applications in hybrid and multi-cloud environments. And I've just talked about the implications of that, which for us, we think, are net positive because it creates more requirements for security and networking across clouds.
 And then the second potential implication is more automation. We're seeing, as customers reaccelerate the number of workloads that they're dealing with, the need to automate application changes, provisioning of new application services, et cetera, grows, and that requires software that enables that automation. And we, of course, have solutions that play into that.
 That said, we don't compete directly with HashiCorp, and so we're more complementary to what they do. So we don't think there is really either negative or positive impact to the acquisition. We think for F5, that's going to be largely net neutral, but we will, of course, continue working with HashiCorp in a number of customers and markets. 
Alex Henderson: And the distribution part of the question, taking advantage of those dynamics to drive channel? 
François Locoh-Donou: Well, there is not really an impact into how we would change our approach to distribution of what we would do into the channel. We would -- the dynamics in terms of how we meet in the market and work with Hashi will, I think, continue unchanged for the most part. So -- only as far as we're concerned. I don't know what decisions IBM may make around what they want to change in the go-to-market for Hashi. But as far as we're concerned, I think customers see us as complementary, often want us to work together, and we'll continue to do that in the market. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. 
Meta Marshall: I just wanted to probe a little bit into kind of your talk about flat IT budgets or just macro cautiousness from customers. There's a number of things. There's the strength in the dollar. There's prioritization of AI investments. I'm just -- guess I'm just trying to get a sense of the macro caution. Is any of that driven by FX or just kind of budget prioritization? Or is it just kind of wallets across the board being more cautious?
 And then maybe as a follow-up to that, are you seeing more advancement of deals where there is kind of multi-cloud or kind of security elements to it versus core ADC sales? Or just kind of how are you seeing that in kind of what the overall book of business is? 
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Meta. So on budget, I should say first of all, the macro environment, Meta, has remained stable. So we haven't seen a fundamental change from last year in terms of customers' sort of appetite to spend. What has changed, I think we shared it last quarter, is the sort of unpredictability that we were seeing a year ago around deal delays and cancellations and last-minute pushouts. That has largely abated. But overall, customers remain cautious. This was also, for a number of customers, the first quarter of the calendar year. So they've just gotten their budgets. I think we saw probably a little more caution on CapEx, specifically on hardware, given the current macro environment.
 We don't necessarily think it's related to FX. And as far as we can see, there's not really an effect of customers prioritizing AI in general for the vast majority of enterprises because they're not there yet in terms of putting big budgets on AI today. In the service provider space, I think we continue to see customers sweating assets, with 1 or 2 exceptions, but for the most part, trying to sweat assets as long as possible. And then to your second question, which was -- need to be reminded. 
Meta Marshall: Just -- yes, just whether it's taking the form of -- kind of on the ADCs versus other portions of the portfolio? 
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. So we are -- I think it's a combination because a lot of the -- what we're seeing more opportunities with existing customers that are both ADC and other portions of the portfolio, especially in this multiyear subscription agreements that continue to do very well and our vehicle that customers love because it gives them the flexibility.
 But I would say we are seeing more deals on other side of the portfolio, specifically in security, increasing in application security. We're seeing API security, in particular, emerge as a strong use case. More and more customers are recognizing that they don't have a real handle on where their APIs are, how many are in production, how many are visible, how many are not and how do they discover these APIs and how do they protect them. So we're seeing more traction in API security, in particular, and then increasingly, customers trying to network these clouds together, network their application across cloud and trying to find automation to do that. And that's opportunities with our Distributed Cloud Solutions. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Ng: I just have 2. First, just as a follow-up to the earlier question around software, I was just wondering if you could talk about the components of subscription software between term base and SaaS, how did those perform. And then second, on services, I can appreciate we're lapping some of the price increases that I think were first implemented in -- I think it was July of 2022. Could you just remind me if there are opportunities to periodically increase pricing on services? What has that time line been historically? And is this 5% growth a good way to think about services growth going forward? 
Francis Pelzer: Yes. Michael, why don't I take that? Look, on the sort of components of the subscription business in terms of SaaS and ARR, that one, ARR versus the term base, we talk about that annually, but it's not something we talk about quarterly. But the components of those businesses, we're really excited about what we're seeing for Distributed Cloud adoption, particularly the value proposition around WAAP and specifically API security that Francois just mentioned as well as our multi-cloud networking. So those are great.
 We do see AI having a big boost in application demand over the coming years, but it's not something that we expect a ton of revenue in FY '24 from. We are still seeing the high end of the bot market being a bit challenged, but those are the underlying aspects of what we're seeing in the SaaS business as well as strong renewals that we're continuing to experience in our multiyear flexible consumption programs. And so those are the dynamics, but we don't split the components out except for at the end of the year.
 In terms of the services side, you're right. The last time we raised prices was in July of '22. It's one of those things that we continue to evaluate on what's the best strategic use of price increases for our customers. And I don't have anything new to report there, but more to come in the coming quarters. It's probably been 6 quarters, and so you're seeing the lapping effect of that services revenue starting to come down. That was due to price increasing last year largely as well as some of the sweating of the assets. And so 7% is what we saw in Q1, 5% in Q2, and we do expect that to trail down in Q3 and Q4 as we lap even more of those annual increases from last year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Amit Daryanani with Evercore ISI. 
Amit Daryanani: I have 2 as well. I guess, Frank, maybe just start with you. I think in the past, you talked about software growth for the full year being flat to, I believe, up modestly, I think was the statement. Given the performance you just saw this quarter, which I think was much better than expected on software, how do you think the back half of the year stacks up on the software side? 
Francis Pelzer: Sure. So look, we had a strong software growth number in Q2. It was in our expectation range. And largely, software to date in the first half has been ahead of our software expectation. But having said that, we did not change our outlook from flat to modest growth, but I think we'd be disappointed if we weren't at the higher end of that or better by the end of the year given the strong first half performance that we saw.
 Obviously, we're hitting a second half where the comparable numbers are a little more difficult. Having said that, we're really excited, particularly in Q4, about the subscription base of renewals that we're seeing on our flexible consumption programs and so have strong visibility into that. 
Amit Daryanani: Got it. Perfect. And then if I just follow up on this, customers having to deal with the ball of fire [ likely ], kind of characterize that dynamic. I'd sort of love to understand, what does that mean that you solve that ball of fire problem for your customers? What does that mean to F5's long-term growth rate as you think about that? And crucially, do you think there's anyone out there -- who do you think is your competition when it comes to solving that ball of fire from an end-to-end basis across load balancing and security? 
François Locoh-Donou: Well, thank you. There are multiple dimensions to solving the ball of fire, and we don't think we really have competition that can address it as exhaustively as we are addressing it. So the first aspect is the completeness of the application services that are required to solve it, which very few, if any company really has, because it goes from all of the application delivery services like load balancing authentication, but also web application firewall, all of the security services, API security, DDoS, multi-cloud networking, all of these capabilities you have to have to solve the ball of fire. Part of the complexity for customers is that they have had in the past to rely on multiple different vendors to be able to solve the ball of fire. So that's one aspect is the ability to bring it all together.
 The second aspect is really the ability to make multi-cloud ridiculously easy, which to be able to do that, if you're a pure-play SaaS vendor, you're not able to do that because you only offer your services in your point of presence. F5 is unique in the sense that we can offer all these services not just in the cloud, but in any public cloud or any on-premise location, and we can locate these services anywhere where a workload is. So we're taking advantage of our heritage as an on-prem vendor and our new capabilities in the cloud to offer these services ubiquitously to customers. And really, there is no other vendor in our space that brings all of that together. So in that way, we're pretty unique.
 And so when you take examples of that, you're asking what does it look like, this quarter, for example, we had a large bank in the U.S. that was connecting applications to multiple clouds, to Azure, on-premise and in Oracle. And we were essentially the only ones that can automate these connections for them and help them make multi-cloud ridiculously easy in their application, and we won the customer.
 We have similar bank customers in Europe who had the front end of their application in Azure, the back end of their application on-prem. We brought the connectivity to these components of these applications together and automated all of it for them to be able to deploy, and we won the customer. So we have these capabilities that are unique to the combination of on-prem and cloud brought together. And in that sense, we don't really think we have competition. 
Operator: Our next question comes from James Fish with Piper Sandler. 
James Fish: Francois, I think we get the product strategy here. So my question is more directed at Frank. So talking about stronger renewals on the subscription side in the second half, Frank, is there any way to quantify this magnitude? Or what is giving the confidence in those second half numbers, especially after -- this quarter came in a little bit lighter than we're used to seeing F5's report and implies a sizable fiscal Q4 ramp to roughly $40 million-ish kind of sequential ramp here in fiscal Q4. And additionally, have you seen any changes in subscription durations? 
Francis Pelzer: Sure. Absolutely, Jim. So I appreciate the question. And when we take a look at the results of this quarter in relation to our expectations, where we saw a softer performance was in the system side, not the software side of the business. And when we take a look at the back half of the year, that's really where we saw the strength of the pipeline in that area as well as for the renewals that we have in the outlook. And those renewals specifically are coming in -- in both quarters, they are stronger than what we have seen in Q2, but they just ramp up because of the nature of when the deals were done 3 years ago in Q4. And if you take a look back 3 years ago between Q3 and Q4, I think you'll see a similar dynamic in the software growth that we expect. And so that is really that $40 million swing that you're referring to between those 2 quarters. So that's really the visibility. It's the strength that we've seen in the renewals. It's the true forwards sense and the second or the interims of what's available to renew in Q4. 
James Fish: Anything on the duration side of what you're seeing? 
Francis Pelzer: The duration side really has not changed. These are not universally, but almost always 3-year deals. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ray McDonough with Guggenheim Partners. 
Raymond McDonough: Maybe to start, Frank, as we think about cash flow dynamics going forward with term renewals and the opportunity in the back half, as you just discussed, and as renewals generally become a larger portion of the mix, combined with the product availability you mentioned earlier in the call, should we expect cash flow margins to continue to trend up from here as well? 
Francis Pelzer: Ray, it's a great question. So the biggest dynamic of the cash flow changes between the quarters right now continue to be maintenance that just outweighs some of the subscription revenues that we've seen. And so the dynamics that you're implying absolutely are happening just on the smaller base of the overall cash flow that is coming out of that deferred revenue bucket, which is still largely maintenance related.
 And so I think, obviously, we had a very large accounts receivable balance going into Q2 you saw us collect and we're to a normalized level. So I think from where we had our cash flow from ops in Q2, likely, we're going to come down in Q3 and then my expectation would be back up in Q4. But that's the dynamics of the SaaS business is, as you're describing, it's not just a major portion, though, of what's driving the change in deferred right now and some of our cash flow from ops. 
Raymond McDonough: Great. Maybe just a question for Francois. We've talked a lot about bringing hybrid multi-cloud environments kind of together and simplifying the management of that. And I'm just wondering, when we take a step back, you announced the Distributed Cloud Console at AppWorld, I believe. What's been the reaction within your conversations with customers? Are you seeing interest that's resulting in cross-selling it or even better renewal or expansion rates, even if it's not direct, just as a result of maybe the offering being out there and customers being more comfortable with the road map? Any thoughts there would be helpful. 
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. So the reaction at AppWorld on Distributed Cloud has been very positive. And most -- let me just give you some numbers there, Ray. So of the -- we shared in October that we had over 500 customers on Distributed Cloud. The number has grown since then, and we will share that number. And we said we would share it annually, so we'll share it again in October. But over 2/3 of the customers on Distributed Cloud are existing F5 customers that were typically BIG-IP customers that choose Distributed Cloud as a complement to a hardware or software on-prem implementation, and in part because of our ability to, in the future, bring both the hardware, software on-prem and the SaaS services to a single pane of glass. And the other 1/3 of customers are net new customers to F5.
 And what we're seeing is a number of customers have gone into hybrid and multi-cloud environments either by accident or by acquisition and have not really had the opportunity to do this right, and we're working with customers to -- there are now solutions like Distributed Cloud that help you do multi-cloud right. And multi-cloud right means having a consistent set of security policies across the board to be able to automate the provisioning of application services across the board, being able to automate the network of these applications together.
 And customers are pretty excited about the ability to do that because it takes away very significant headache from them, headache around their operations, headache around the manual toil that a lot of their resources are spending, headache around the risk that they have of not running consistent application security policies across clouds. So very positive reception overall and growing awareness amongst our customer base of the capabilities of Distributed Cloud have us pretty excited for the future. 
Operator: Due to timing, our last question will be from Sebastien Naji with William Blair. 
Sebastien Cyrus Naji: Two for me. The first one, just following up on the competition question from the beginning. In those instances where you are displacing one of those ADC competitors going through a disruption, how do you typically land? Is it more heavily weighted towards like appliances or software or SaaS?
 And then my second question is just around cyber and AI. As we think about the ability for malicious actors to leverage AI in their own attacks, how do you think about being able to address some of these new types of AI attacks? Or in other words, do you need new techniques and solutions? Or can you use the existing systems at a broader scale? And which of the solutions within F5 are particularly well positioned for those types of attacks? 
François Locoh-Donou: Well, thank you. Let me start with the question on AI and the type of attacks. So we are already using AI today to block significant attacks, including automated attacks on a number of applications. This quarter alone, we blocked several billion API attacks in our Distributed Cloud capability. And a lot of that uses AI and automation, machine learning, specifically, in AI to block these attacks.
 We think that attackers will continue to get more sophisticated. They are already using generative AI for all kinds of attack vectors. And we're investing to, of course, stay ahead of criminals. In our bot solution, we probably have the most sophisticated fraud solution in the market, leveraging AI to block against all kinds of automated attacks. And we're now also investing in generative AI to actually make it easier for our customers to interact with our solutions and respond faster to changes in attack vectors. This is a rapidly developing field, but we'll continue to invest in our security solutions on that.
 The second part, on the competition. And you asked when we're displacing competitors in ADC, is it more hardware or software oriented? It actually is both. I wouldn't have a percentage for you, but it is -- we're displacing customers that have taken a hardware implementation of a competitor and replacing the entire estate with our hardware.
 As you know, we invested over 4 years ago in a new generation of our hardware that brings a lot of the benefits of the cloud to on-prem implementation. Others have not necessarily made these investments. And so we bring benefits to our customers in terms of multi-tenancy, automation, et cetera, that others don't have. So that is a very clear difference in hardware.
 And then in software, similarly, we have invested to have a software footprint that is easy to consume in public clouds, and that's creating a good difference relative to competitors. And some of these deals are both hardware and software in some of these agreements for customers that are in hybrid multi-cloud environment. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-01-29 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5 Inc. First Quarter Fiscal 2024 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I'll now turn the call over to Ms. Suzanne DuLong. Ma'am, you may begin.
Suzanne DuLong: Hello, and welcome. I'm Suzanne DuLong, F5's Vice President of Investor Relations. Francois Locoh-Donou, F5's President and CEO; and Frank Pelzer, F5's Executive Vice President and CFO will be making prepared remarks on today's call. Other members of the F5 executive team are also on hand to answer questions during the Q&A session. A copy of today's press release is available on our website at f5.com, where an archived version of today's audio will be available through April 28, 2024. The slide deck accompanying today's discussion is viewable on the webcast and will be posted to our IR site at the conclusion of our call. To access the replay of today's webcast by phone, dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and use meeting ID 13743521. The telephonic replay will be available through mid-night Pacific Time, January 30, 2024. For additional information or follow-up questions, please reach out to me directly at s.dulong@f5.com. Our discussion today will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. We have summarized factors that may affect our results in the press release announcing our financial results and in detail in our SEC filings. In addition, we will reference non-GAAP metrics during today's discussion. Please see our full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation in today's press release and in the appendix of our earnings slide deck. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. With that, I will turn the call over to Francois.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Suzanne, and hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us. In my remarks today, I will speak to our Q1 highlights as well as our expectations for Q2. Frank will then review the details of our Q1 results and provide some additional color about our outlook. Q1 was our third consecutive quarter of stability with the quarter and individual deals playing out largely as expected. We are not yet hearing that customers' budgets are increasing but the more predictable spending patterns are encouraging. Our team delivered another solid quarter with consistent performance across our geographic theaters. We had a strong performance from our service provider vertical, which correlates to unusually strong perpetual license software revenue in the quarter. This is likely less indicative of service provider trends overall and more of a reflection of F5's position in some key projects. We delivered Q1 revenue above the high end of our guidance range. In addition, our continued operating discipline enabled us to deliver non-GAAP operating margins of 35.5%. This is up more than 900 basis points from the year ago period. As a result of these factors and a modest tax benefit, we also delivered non-GAAP earnings per share growth of 39% with EPS of $3.43 per share, well above the high end of our guidance range. Our customers are still watching their budgets closely. As we look ahead, we are encouraged by several factors, including better predictability from customers, improving systems demand and the fact that some customers are making decisions that investments need to happen now. We are cautiously optimistic that these factors signal an easing of the extreme customer spending caution that characterized last year. And in fact, we are seeing stronger underlying demand. Because of the backlog headwind we faced in FY '24, despite improving demand signals, we expect our Q2 revenue will be down low-single digits from Q2 of last year. Frank will discuss our outlook in greater detail in a few minutes. As little as five years ago, nearly every large enterprise organization expected that they would move their application environments from on-premises to the public cloud or SaaS. They also expected that doing so would dramatically simplify their operations and reduce costs. Instead today, customers are grappling with a more intricate and costly set of challenges than ever before. In our most recent State of Application Strategy research, 88% of our customers report they are currently operating applications across on-premises and cloud environments. The same research found that 38% of organizations are hosting their applications in six different types of environments. The expanding number of applications across distributed environments demands specific expertise and tools for each environment, which adds cost and operational complexity. At the same time, this expanded landscape provides cybercriminals with more potential targets, amplifying security concerns. This complexity is further intensified by the rapid growth in the number of applications, a growth trajectory that is poised to accelerate significantly with the widespread adoption and proliferation of AI. We firmly believe that F5 is strategically positioned to support our customers as they navigate these escalating challenges across a rapidly evolving landscape. Our innovation and product portfolio evolution over the last several years has been aimed at addressing exactly these challenges. Before I pass the call to Frank, I will speak to some customer highlights from the quarter. Our F5 BIG-IP family serves traditional applications either on-premises, co-located or in cloud environments. BIG-IP's data plane performance, automation capabilities and seamless integration into public cloud environments continues to differentiate it from competitors. Our commitment to innovation and to providing customer flexibility through a range of consumption models also has enabled us to continue to gain share in the traditional ADC space. BIG-IP's capabilities drove a significant win in Q1 with a North American service provider. The customer is now deploying F5 cloud-native software at scale in its 5G architecture. Over the last five years, we have invested to modernize BIG-IP and to deliver industry leading container native functions to scale and secure 5G cloud infrastructures. These investments made this win possible. Modern F5 BIG-IP software is now powering the growth from this provider's consumer 5G handset demand and securing its overall fixed wireless access offerings, the fastest growing 5G service in North America. Turning to F5 NGINX, which serves modern container-native and microservices-based applications and APIs. We continue to see large enterprises adopt NGINX for their cloud and Kubernetes-based applications. As those applications scale, we are seeing our NGINX opportunity scale as well. In addition, customers are also leveraging NGINX for app layer security for containers. In Q1, an APAC-based auto manufacturer selected NGINX Plus with App Protect to power and protect its next-generation connected car data and service offering. Beyond the standard car-related maintenance information, the customer is empowering a range of vehicle related services from traffic management and statistics to fleet management and automated insurance claims. The customer envisions providing rich data enabled services, including traffic data to government agencies for road maintenance and enabling automated insurance claim filing using telemetry and location data. The customer selected NGINX for this ambitious project because of its unique ability to implement WAF for containers on AWS as well as its ability to support specific requirements that could not be met by native cloud services. F5 Distributed Cloud Services is a portfolio of SaaS and managed services which we have built from a combination of organic and inorganic efforts. The platform will have its second birthday shortly and continues to gain traction with customers as a result of its flexibility and strong capabilities. We are intercepting two exciting growth categories with Distributed Cloud, Webapp and API Protection, or WAAP, and the emerging opportunity in secure multi-cloud networking. In fact, we have seen explosive growth in the number of attacks blocked by Distributor Cloud's WAAP capabilities with a number of blocked attacks growing more than 100% in Q1 from Q4. In one WAAP win from the quarter, a large U.S. based financial institution selected F5 Distributed Cloud Services to solve its challenge of application security in hybrid cloud. The customer leveraged our flexible consumption program, adding API discovery and protection to manage the many fintech aggregator applications that access their financial data through APIs. F5 Distributed Cloud Services is also gaining traction in API security. In just the last 12 months, we have observed a substantial increase in the volume of API attacks. 95% of customers surveyed for our State of Application Strategy report say they have deployed an API gateway. This is a significant increase from 2019 when only 35% have deployed one. In fact, 92% of the total attacks mitigated by Distributed Cloud in Q1 were targeted towards APIs, that is up from 73% in Q4. As an example of an API security win in Q1, following multiple service impacting outages, a service provider in our APAC region selected Distributed Cloud to replace their prior API security vendor. Distributed Cloud's multi-cloud networking capabilities are making it possible for the customer to switch between public clouds when necessary while providing visibility and reporting via a single pane of glass. F5 Distributed Cloud Services is also gaining traction in secure multi-cloud networking use cases. In another example from Q1, a global provider of traditional and digital learning resources deployed Distributed Cloud Services. The customer was looking for consistent application-level security, multi-cloud scalability and networking. Distributed Cloud enable them to simplify their infrastructure, strengthen the management of their multi-cloud architecture and improve application security. They also deployed multiple F5 customer edge software instances in their cloud infrastructure and in their on-premises data center, enabling them to meet an aggressive cloud migration schedule. I will spend just a 2 minutes talking about the opportunity we see emerging with AI applications. AI will accelerate the growth in the number of applications and APIs. We are seeing the start of this already in the form of AI models and new AI-driven services becoming available from start-ups and established tech companies alike. We expect that as enterprises ramp adoption of AI over the next one to two years, that adoption will bring with it a flood of new enterprise applications that leverage those AI models and the APIs of the new AI-driven services. These AI-powered applications differ from typical applications in several important ways: first, they are API-driven, both in terms of leveraging the APIs of third-party AI models and services and also in terms of exposing their own capabilities as APIs for downstream use. Thus, API security for these AI-powered apps is critical. Customers tell us that API security is the top security service in used or planned for use to protect the integrity of AI and machine learning models. Customers also tell us that AI is driving demand for a comprehensive API security solution, inclusive of DDoS protection, bot detection and data masking and leak protection. Second, AI-powered applications tend to be comprised of many different components and data sources, which are distributed across hybrid and multi-cloud environments. F5 is an AI enabler. Effectively optimizing, managing and securing AI applications and the APIs that connect them demands a blend of specialized expertise and capabilities that align seamlessly with our solutions portfolio. We are the application and API expert with a deep understanding of the needs of demanding applications built over decades. This expertise and the capabilities of F5 Distributed Cloud Services is a powerful combination, particularly as customers begin to deploy real-life AI use cases. During Q1, we secured a win that highlights the synergies of our product families and showcases how F5 supports and enables AI-driven use cases. An EMEA-based service provider selected the combination of F5 Distributed Cloud Services and BIG-IP to secure and deliver a first-of-its-kind AI-as-a-service offering for their B2B customers. After comparing F5's capabilities to alternatives, the customer determined only F5 can meet the security and scalability requirements needed to deliver their offering in a cost efficient way. These real-life use cases offer a view to how we are enabling customers to secure, deliver and optimize their applications and APIs and how we simplify the challenges of operating in a complex hybrid multi-cloud world. Now I will turn the call to Frank. Frank?
Frank Pelzer: Thank you, Francois, and good afternoon, everyone. I will review our Q1 results before I elaborate on our Q2 outlook. We delivered Q1 revenue of $693 million, reflecting sales that were down 1% year-over-year with a mix of 56% global services and 44% product revenue. Global services revenue of $387 million grew a strong 7% due to continued high maintenance renewals as well as the continued benefit from price increases we introduced in FY '22. Product revenue totaled $306 million, down 10% year-over-year. Systems revenue of $135 million declined 22% year-over-year, reflecting a lower level of backlog-related shipments than we had in the year ago period. Software revenue grew 2% over the year ago period to $170 million. As Francois noted, Q1 was an unusually strong perpetual software license quarter with several service providers opting to leverage CapEx versus OpEx models. Our perpetual software revenue was $46 million in Q1, representing 19% growth year-over-year and 27% of Q1 software revenue. We believe providing consumption model flexibility to our customers is a strategic advantage over competitors who restrict customer choice. The result can be quarters like this one, where we have unusual growth in perpetual software revenue. We do not believe that Q1 software revenue mix is indicative of changing customer preferences. Rather, it is a function of preferences of specific customers in the quarter. Our subscription-based revenue declined 3% year-over-year to $125 million, representing 73% of Q1's total software revenue. New subscriptions and renewals both performed to plan in the quarter. Revenue from recurring sources contributed 73% of Q1's revenue, up from 68% a year ago. This is down slightly from recent levels as a result of the perpetual license revenue contribution in the quarter. Recurring revenue includes subscription-based revenue as well as the maintenance portion of our services revenue. On a regional basis, revenue from Americas was down 6% year-over-year, representing 54% of total revenue. EMEA grew 5%, representing 28% of revenue, and APAC grew 8%, representing 18% of revenue. Looking at our major verticals. During Q1, enterprise represented 64% of product bookings, service providers represented 17%, and government customers represented 19%, including 4% from U.S. federal. Our Q1 operating results were strong, reflecting our continued operating discipline. GAAP gross margin was 80.3%, non-GAAP gross margin was 83.1%, an improvement of 264 basis points from Q1 of FY '23. GAAP operating expenses were $392 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $330 million. Our GAAP operating margin was 23.8%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 35.5%, an improvement of more than 900 basis points from Q1 of FY '23. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 20.7%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 19.9%. This is below our initial expectations for the year as a result of IRS guidance issued during the quarter relating to foreign tax credits. Our GAAP net income for the quarter was $138 million or $2.32 per share. Our non-GAAP net income was $205 million or $3.43 per share, well above the top end of our guidance range. This is a result of the revenue beat, continued operating discipline with $0.09 as a result of the Q1 tax benefit. I will now turn to cash flow and the balance sheet, which also remain very strong. We generated $165 million in cash flow from operations in Q1. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $9 million. DSO for the quarter was 67 days due to the back end linearity of invoicing in the quarter. Cash and investments totaled approximately $832 million at quarter end. Deferred revenue increased 4% year-over-year to $1.83 billion. Our share repurchases reflect our ongoing commitment to returning cash to shareholders. We repurchased $150 million worth of F5 shares in Q1 at an average price of $163 per share. Finally, we ended the quarter with approximately 6,440 employees. Francois outlined our Q2 outlook at the start of the call. I'll recap it with some additional color. We expect Q2 revenue in the range of $675 million to $695 million. We expect gross margins in the range of 82% to 83%. We estimate Q2 operating expenses of $347 million to $359 million. This is a step-up from Q1, reflecting our seasonal sequential uptick related to the reset and payroll taxes. This year, it also reflects marketing expenses related to our global App World customer events, which will take place in Q2 in San Jose and in other locations across the globe. We are targeting Q2 non-GAAP EPS in the range of $2.79 to $2.91 per share. We expect Q2 share-based compensation expense of approximately $56 million to $58 million. At this point in the fiscal year, we are not revising our revenue or operating margin targets for FY '24. We continue to expect to achieve our FY '24 operating margin target range of 33% to 34%, which accounts for the normal seasonal step-up in operating expenses from Q1 to Q2. We now expect our FY '24 tax rate will be in the range of 21% to 22%, down slightly from our prior range of 21% to 23%. Given the new outlook in our annual tax rate, we now expect FY '24 non-GAAP EPS will grow between 6% to 8%. This is up from the 5% to 7% range we provided last quarter. I will now turn the call back over to François. François?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Frank. In conclusion, I will reiterate that F5 is the only company capable of securing, delivering and optimizing any application, any API regardless of its location, be it in the data center, any one of the public clouds, as SaaS, or at the network edge. Amidst a complex web of environments and solutions, F5 empowers customers to establish and maintain a consistent security posture across all of their applications, enhancing security, streamlining operations and reducing costs. Moreover, we are unifying our solutions to provide customers with unprecedented levels of visibility, manageability and automation. Before we go to questions, I will elaborate on the strategy and product session we are hosting next Thursday. We are going to use this event to discuss the hybrid multi-cloud challenges faced by large organizations worldwide including the implications of AI on applications, APIs and security. We also will provide an overview of our product families, the market opportunities we see for them and how our portfolio transformation benefits our customers and differentiates F5. We look forward to seeing several of you live in San Jose and more of you virtually. Operator, please open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Joseph Cardoso: Hi. Thanks for the question, guys. This is Joe Cardoso on for Samik. Just one question from me. You highlighted encouraging signs of stabilizing demand trends. Can you maybe just talk to the year-over-year revenue trends that you're seeing excluding the backlog headwinds from a year ago? And then perhaps can you just provide a bit more granularity around that comment? Like, what are you seeing specifically under the hood from a customer or product portfolio perspective, and whether you're seeing any areas trending or any areas trending better than others? Thanks for the question.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Well, thanks, Joe. Let me start with the first part of your question. Look, we shared at the beginning of the fiscal year that even though we were guiding revenue down -- flat to down to 3% down for the fiscal year, that if you excluded the backlog effect, that would amount to about mid-single digit growth. In terms of the demand that we are seeing, certainly in terms of demand, if I compare what we saw in the first half of 2023 versus the demand that we saw in Q1 and what we expect to see in our Q2, half-on-half, first half ‘23 to first half ‘24, demand is meaningfully up relative to last year. Now that is, I would say, generally broad-based across all major theaters and it’s also across most industry verticals. We talked to some verticals are performing better than others. But generally, broadly, we’ve seen that across all industry verticals. In terms of the product trends, I would say the trends are similar across the portfolio and not different than what we described in October with continued great progress on our core franchise, BIG-IP, continued progress on NGINX and modern applications and continued strong adoption of our Distributed Cloud Services.
Joseph Cardoso: No, I appreciate the color, Francois. Thanks.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tim Long with Barclays. Please proceed with your question
Tim Long: Thank you. Two questions, if I could. First, maybe Frank or Francois, if you could just talk a little bit about the subscription number in the quarter. I guess the perpetual is really strong, but could you talk a little bit about particularly the sequential downtick in subscription? Is this related to kind of true forwards or any kind of cannibalization or anything else in there you could go a little deeper on the software subscription weakness? And then, the follow-up for Francois, I think you mentioned something about competitive wins in more in the systems and traditional ADC area. Obviously, there's some disruption at one of your major competitors. Could you just give a little color on how things are going competitively and how win rates are and how much room you think there is to take share in that more traditional ADC area? Thank you.
Frank Pelzer: Yeh. Absolutely, Tim. Let me take the first part and I'll let Francois take the second part. So with subscriptions, again, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, largely performed to our expectations. On a sequential basis, if we were purely ratable, obviously, that would be concerning. But since we obviously have got some 606 term-based subscriptions in there that will hit at different points in time. We had more renewals, frankly, in Q4 than we did in Q1. And so that's just the natural progression on the sequential growth side there. But we're not concerned at all about it. This is really our renewals and the new performed to our expectations and no change for our outlook for the year based off of that. But I'll let Francois talk a little bit on the competitive side.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Tim, on the competitive side, we felt we are in a pretty strong competitive position, and I think our position of strength is, in fact, growing. And I would say, we are seeing, actually, increased inbound interest from both customers and partners into F5, and I think that's largely due to two big factors. One factor is, frankly, we have not one, but three competitors that have gone through a change of control events in the last 12 months to 18 months. One was primarily a hardware software competitor, one has been a software competitor and one has been a SaaS competitor. And all three have had to kind of change their customer playbook as a result. And we're seeing inbound customer interest from that. That contrasts with our approach and, frankly, the investments we've made over the last several years, where we have, just at this point in time, where some competitors are getting weaker. We're introducing a very exciting set of proposition, that rSeries has had very strong adoption in the market. We're introducing next-generation hardware and software, that creates an exciting road map for competitors -- sorry, for customers. And so the contracting sort of investment in road maps between players is really strengthening our hands. And we're seeing a lot of accounts where historically, we had been blocked or locked out of these accounts that we have been able to crack in the last couple of quarters and we expect that to continue. In fact, just this week, we had a customer here that is one of the largest companies in America, one of the Fortune 100. We have not been able to crack that account. And we are now migrating pretty much their entire application estate from a competitor to F5. And the approach with these customers is, we are landing them generally on our BIG-IP platform, but then we're able to land and expand and cross-sell into the other value propositions in the portfolio once they discover the full portfolio of F5 when they start working with us. So we think that, that trend is going to continue, and we feel very good about our competitive position over the next two to three quarters. And we’re starting to see a growing pipeline that reflects that stronger position. Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Amit Daryanani with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question
Amit Daryanani: Thanks for taking my question. I have two as well. I guess first up on the software performance, I'd love to just understand if you still think for the fiscal year, flat to up modestly is the right way to think about it? And if there is any change in how you think about sort of the -- what happens to the perpetual market or the managed services or subscription as you go from here? Just an update on how you think about software stacking up for the rest of the year in any of those three buckets that changed your perspective right now?
Frank Pelzer: Yeah, Amit. Let me start with that one. No is the answer. It's one quarter doesn't make a trend. We're obviously encouraged by what we saw in software in Q1. More to come on Q2 and beyond. But at this point, we're not changing the outlook on that modest growth view for software and largely, again, subscription and perpetual service. It was a big quarter for perpetual this quarter. It may not be the same next quarter in that regard. This is really about some specific customer preferences in the service provider market. And they could have easily have gone into a subscription model and we would have seen that dynamic reverse. So no real change in our outlook for software right now for FY '24.
Amit Daryanani: Got it. And then I guess last time around, you talked about there might be a 400 basis point, 500 basis point headwind from this managed services transition you're going to take across '24 and '25. I was wondering, if there was a better sense of when do you think those headwinds would happen if it's this year or next year? And then, Frank, on the operating margin side, you had quite a bit of outperformance in the December quarter, which is really notable. And I realize you don't want to change the long-term target, but I'm wondering, was there anything one-off that enabled this upside in December or not? Thanks.
Frank Pelzer: Sure, Amit. So look, we changed the outlook on EPS for the year, up 1%, really driven by tax in the quarter itself with OpEx. There were a few expenses that probably got pushed into either Q2 or beyond. But seasonally, Q1 is relatively strong, Q2 goes down because of the tax resets. It's also going down this year, in particular because we're having our marketing event. We take those expenses in the quarter in Q2 versus previous years where they have been in Q3 or Q4. We actually didn't do one in FY '23. And so as a comparative point, that's new expense this year on a year-over-year basis. But the seasonality of where we really hit that tax reset happens in Q2 and we build our way back up from there, so that's that. In terms of some of the migration of our Silverline, it's going as expected. It's very early. There's not really a lot more to say about it. As we said, generally, we're going to see more -- we'll probably see a balanced amount of customer accounts, but more of the ARR come across that will come across in FY '25, just given some of the feature parity that we're still working on that's going to take some time. And the bigger customers are the long tail of the ones to migrate. So it's just going as planned right now, but we're obviously one quarter into an eight quarter transition.
Amit Daryanani: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks. Francois, you noted that you weren't yet seeing kind of customer budgets change but getting to more predictable spending patterns. Just what are you seeing in terms of RFP activity, understanding people are still kind of doing evaluations? But are you starting to kind of see a pickup in the valuations that they're doing and any particular categories in which you're seeing that pickup in activity? And then second, just on the service provider piece, it sounds as if that's really just an election decision. But anything that you're -- just given how constrained service provider spending has been over the last year, just anything that you were seeing in terms of them being more active in the market or any specifics around that vertical would be helpful? Thanks.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Meta, the -- so let me start with the environment. What we have seen, Meta, is the -- relative to -- if I compare to where we were kind of nine months, 12 months ago, we feel that the environment is more stable and more predictable in the sense that the budgets that are in place and the projects that our customers have told us they're moving forward to, when we get to the end of a selection process or the end of an RFP process, we very rarely get into a surprise where a project is canceled or an extra approval comes in and deals get delayed or pushed out. So that has subsided largely, and therefore, we see more predictability with customers. That said, I would say there -- we haven't seen yet a notable increase in budgets. I think for the most part, for the calendar year, our customers don't have the kind of budget fully in place yet. So we'll start to learn more about that as the quarter goes on here. But what we are seeing that is encouraging is when you look at our pipeline over the next four quarters, we are seeing an uptick in the pipeline and potentially more tech refresh kind of activities. So that's an encouraging sign for what's ahead. In terms of service providers, I would say generally, we're still seeing service providers continue to sweat their assets as much as they can and therefore suppress CapEx spend as much as they can. There are some exceptions to that, including, I mentioned in my prepared remarks, a significant win with a North American service provider in their 5G architecture. And so this is work that we have been doing with them now for several years, and we have been able to be part of their core 5G architecture. And this is a spend for the next phase of scaling of their 5G services, which is really driven by consumer demand for 5G as well as fixed wireless access, which is a fast growing service. And so there are a couple of carriers in America and outside that are moving forward with 5G and are investing in their architecture and scaling their architecture. And we're part of that and that's where we're seeing success. That, Meta, I should also say is the result and the benefit from investments we started making over four years ago. And so over the last four years, we have invested hundreds of millions of dollars in our BIG-IP franchise really to future-proof the BIG-IP franchise for the next decade, and really by bringing to the BIG-IP franchise benefits that customers would have seen either in the public cloud or in cloud-native architectures. And those 5G architectures in the case of service provider are container-native and cloud-native, and we were really first out of the gate to bring a lot of 5G functions into a cloud-native architecture. And these investments that we've made into our BIG-IP platform are really starting to benefit in terms of customer wins where customers are now starting to reinvest for the future. We're seeing that in service provider, but I think that's also going to play out in the enterprise as enterprises start to adopt the next generation of BIG-IP.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from James Fish with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question
James Fish: Hey, guys. Thanks for the question here. Just building off of some of the prior ones. Frank, can you just help us with how much of the recurring software product was tied to that SaaS drawdown or the headwinds that we've talked about with moving this more towards the Distributed Cloud Services over time versus the term license or roughly where that SaaS ARR sits today? And what's the early feedback been from some of these customers on this transition, Francois?
Frank Pelzer: Yeah, Fish, not going to update Q1. Obviously, we talked about doing that on an annual basis. But where we were at the end of Q4 was roughly $200 million of ARR associated with that business. $135 million of that was going to be recurring. We are going to be growing that really on the back of Distributed Cloud, and $65 million of that was split between $30 million of product that we were retiring and did not expect to have a future, and $35 million or so was from Silverline that would migrate -- some portion of that would hopefully migrate over the next couple of years. But not going to update where we are at the end of Q1 in regards to that. We will give an update for that at the end of the year. But I'll let Francois answer the second part of your question.
Francois Locoh-Donou: What's the second part?
Frank Pelzer: Sorry.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Jim, can you repeat the second part?
James Fish: Yeah. I was just looking for the early feedback from some of those customers that were part of that $65 million that essentially is being end of life, what those conversations are looking like at this point?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Okay. Great. No, Jim, look, those -- we are -- as Frank said, we are early days in this process, Jim, and we said it's going to happen over the next couple of years, so I think it's very early to draw some kind of long-term conclusions. However, we have migrated some customers from Silverline to F5 Distributed Cloud Services. And for those customers who have completed the migration, it has gone very well. And generally, they're very happy with the outcome. So we are pleased with the early results of these migrations but more to come as we get more into it.
James Fish: Got it. I know you don't want to give too much ahead of the event here in a few weeks, but are you guys seeing much contribution from AI? Or how should we think about when this contribution could really pick up for you guys and accelerate product growth? Thanks, guys.
A – Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Jim. So our view on AI, so we have started seeing this quarter kind of the first emerging AI use cases of AI workloads that either needed to be traffic managed or load balanced or required some security. It’s early days because we think enterprise adoption and deployment of AI workloads is going to really start happening more, we think, in 12 months to 24 months. We think a lot of enterprises right now are testing some AI models and experimenting and getting through the learning curve, but they’re not at a stage of deploying in production. So we think it’s kind of 12 months to 24 months away even though we’re starting to see the first couple of use cases. That being said, from what we are seeing today, we feel very good that F5 is going to be an enabler of AI adoption and AI deployment. And we feel this way for two reasons. The first is AI workloads are heavy consumers of APIs. And so APIs play a big role in the architecture of AI workloads because they need to ingest data and information or services from other AI models and also expose their own capabilities to other AI models or data sources. And because of that, there’s a lot of API traffic in AI workloads. And therefore, API security is going to be a substantial opportunity for AI, and we are very well positioned for that with the investments that we’ve made across the portfolio, including in F5 Distributed Cloud Services. And then the second reason is that we’re seeing AI workloads becoming quite distributed because some of the compute needs to be at the edge, but the data and the data sources could be in more central locations or in public clouds or at the edge. So the fact that these workloads are distributed plays very well to the value – the core value proposition of F5 being a company that can serve any application or any API anywhere in any environment. And we’re quite unique in being in that position, so we think with AI, that is going to play to our strength.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Ng: Hey, good afternoon. Thank you for the questions. I just have two. First, on global services, very strong growth in the quarter, 7%. Could you talk about what may have gone better than expected? Are you still expecting global services revenue to grow low-single digits for the full year? And then second, I was just wondering if you could provide a little bit more color on the recurring revenue figure in the quarter, whether you could talk about the year-over-year increase or the sequential increase, kind of key factors impacting the change in recurring revenue? Thank you very much.
Frank Pelzer: Sure, Michael. So the -- let me -- I'll take both but let me start with your first question on global services. It was quite strong for the quarter. There are a couple of factors. We are still seeing high maintenance attach, particularly for some of our older platforms. We're starting to see some of that decline a little bit, which gives us some thoughts that over time, we're going to see some of the refresh happen. But it's too early to call like which quarter, in particular, that, that starts to take place. And it's still, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we had our price increase that impacted our global services revenue as well in July of '22. We captured some of that, a good portion of that in Q1 of '23, but there was some more that came forward in Q1 of '24 that ended up lifting that as well. We have not changed our outlook for the full year on low-single digit. There’s a possibility we do better than that, but I wouldn’t change – we’re not changing our model at this stage for this first quarter. We’ll see what happens over the next couple of quarters because there are some of those dynamics that could flop that we’ve seen for the past five or six quarters on asset sweating to turn into a refresh cycle. And so some of that could swap out. But we will see as we continue to go throughout. And then in the recurring revenue piece of the total business, some of that was just impacted by the large service provider deals, is on track to exactly what we were expecting and modeling. And so we are feeling quite good about the business to come.
Michael Ng: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Alex Henderson with Needham & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Henderson: Great. Thanks. I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the enterprise behavior patterns around what has been termed the year of efficiency, which obviously had a negative impact on new application development as well as the impact it had on existing applications, which were then shut down, downsized or cleaned up. I've heard some indications that, that's starting to shift to a reacceleration. And I would think that, that would play well to your application and particularly NGINX and other product lines. So is that something that you're seeing or are you just too early to say that there's any reacceleration of application growth?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Alex, it's a great question. Let me parse it out. I think one thing we have seen perhaps accelerate in large enterprises really over the last 12 months is consolidation, and so really going through their portfolio of applications in an enterprise and looking through that portfolio and looking at what apps are really mission-critical, which apps really need to continue to be in service and which apps need to be decommissioned or rationalized. And we have seen more enterprises pick the decisions of rationalizing some apps and, in some cases, reducing their application portfolio to focus on the ones that are most meaningful. At the same time, we have seen those apps that are important to enterprises. Application traffic on these apps continue to grow. And they continue to modernize applications, meaning they can start with traditional applications and add modern components that are in a public cloud or in a private cloud. And that leads to more and more of these multi-cloud environment for application portfolio. And that's where really we have positioned F5 to be the ideal partner for large enterprises that have an application portfolio that is distributed across multiple environments, private cloud, public cloud, on-prem and increasingly at the edge. And we are starting in our engagement with customers, we're starting to see that play out. So for example, outlook today, two-thirds of our NGINX customers are also BIG-IP customers. So the cross-selling effect on the portfolio of taking a BIG-IP customer that has a traditional application that then goes and wants to modernize that application or parts of their application portfolio, landing on NGINX is a motion that we have made easier for customers, both technically and in our commercial agreements. We mentioned in the call on Q4 that we had passed 500 Distributor Cloud customers, and two-thirds of those customers of Distributed Cloud are also existing F5 customers on BIG-IP or NGINX. And so again, these are examples of customers that are distributing apps across multiple environments, and they are leveraging more and more multiple products in the F5 portfolio to do so.
Alex Henderson: And then the second question was on the upgrade cycle around the rSeries versus the older iSeries. We've been now, I think, 18 months, almost 24 months into that product launch. Initially, it was hampered by inability to do a lot of the use cases. My assumption is that you have now completed all of the use cases that were on the iSeries and therefore should be seeing a meaningful upgrade cycle over the next 12 months to 18 months to that platform. Can you talk a little bit about what type of renewal cycle you expect there? Thank you.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Alex, thank you. Well, first of all, we are really pleased with the adoption of our series in our customer base. I mean, I mentioned earlier that we have put a lot of work towards bringing these cloud benefits like multi-tenancy to our customers. And that's one of the reasons the adoption of rSeries has gone very well. Relative to where we were a few quarters ago, Alex, you're absolutely right. We have maybe now the majority of the use cases with -- that we had on our private platform, iSeries are now covered by rSeries. Not all of them, we're still working through some of them, but the majority are covered. And I think this year, the majority of the appliances we ship will be rSeries. So they are -- I think they have passed already 50% -- more than 50% of the appliance we're shipping are now rSeries. In terms of would we see a big refresh cycle or a big ramp related to rSeries in coming quarters, I would say, I wouldn't think about this the way we used to think about refresh cycles seven, eight years ago when our business model was entirely appliance driven. But I do think we are seeing a pipeline of tech refresh in the coming quarters that is stronger than what we had six months to 12 months ago and that will go to rSeries largely.
Alex Henderson: So the pipeline is improving and the subscription turnover should be amplified over the next two, three, four quarters is sort of the read? Thanks.
A – Francois Locoh-Donou: Well, I just want to make sure, Alex. I’m talking about the pipeline of tech refresh, which is hardware, which is largely not sold on a subscription basis but rather typically on a perpetual basis. But yes, that pipeline is increasing. Of course, what we’ll have to see is what is the conversion on that pipeline when we get to it? Over the past, I would say in 2023, pipeline conversion was, of course, not as good as it has been in prior years, but we’re hoping with more predictability, we would – that we would see a better pipeline conversion. The other data point that we’re seeing is the rate of increased aging at our customers, aging of the platform is slowing down, which suggests that the sweating of assets is tempering down a little bit specifically with enterprise customers. And so hopefully, this will play out in coming quarters.
Alex Henderson: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tal Liani with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Tal Liani: Hi, guys. I have two questions, more kind of longer term, not on the quarter. SaaS is about 7% of total revenues, give or take, if I look at what you disclosed last year. What needs to happen or what can you do in order to grow SaaS revenue substantially? And I'm talking about, what are you doing on front of educating the channels and things you need to do with the channels and go-to-market and things? And the second question is related to that but kind of an aside. How much competition do you see from CDN companies like Akamai and CloudFlare are adding features and how much of a risk is it to F5? Thanks.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Tal. I think I'll start here. So Tal, first of all, let me make sure we're using the same terminology here. So SaaS and managed services represent, you're right, about 7% of our revenues. We have said on our October call that given the transition we were going through in our managed services, that we expected our ARR in SaaS and managed services to be flat over the -- basically over FY '24, FY '25, but then beyond that, returning to growth. In terms of the things that we can do to drive growth in this business, it's -- we're continuing to focus on areas that are markets that are growing and where we will gain more customer adoption, specifically the WAAP market for all application security, API security, bot defense, web application firewall, DDoS, this bundle of services. We're doing very well in the WAAP market today with Distributed Cloud Services, but there's plenty of opportunity for us to grow. And the multi-cloud networking market, we're starting to see traction and more customers needing to connect applications between clouds. And we have a perfect solution that is a SaaS-based solution for that marketplace. So I think the ambition here is to really win in these two markets, and that alone should drive substantial growth over time in our SaaS and managed services business. And the approach to that is really lending the customers on an initial service and then expanding over time to other services. In terms of competition with CDN players, yes, in this market, we will compete more and more with those players. They have been, frankly, in the market for longer than we have, and they have more maturity today in this market than we have. So we are in the SaaS part of the business, we are -- this is really a net new opportunity for us and we are an attacker in this market. I think the two big strengths we bring to this competition is, number one, the architecture that we have is a more recent architecture and it’s entirely defined in software. And so it’s not limited by the limitation of hardware in any given thought. And so it’s more universal and more flexible than prior architectures. Number two, we bring 20,000 customers that we have that have used F5 hardware, software, deployable hardware/software products in the past and often want to continue to use those products and add SaaS to support other applications. And ideally, we want to be able to manage the whole thing from a single pane of glass. And that is something that F5 is going to be able to do that our competitors are not able to do. In addition to all the sort of product capabilities, we’re also – I think you touched on it, Tal, we’re also spending a lot of time on our go-to-market, educating our channel partners. We are very pleased that a lot of the deals we’re winning in SaaS, actually, over the last – I think over the last 12 months, close to 50% of the deals we have won in SaaS have been partner-initiated opportunities. And so we are very pleased with the early contribution of our partners to this growth. But there’s more to do. We’ve been on the road show over the last several months, educating all of our partners on the value proposition, and we’re seeing more and more traction with them. So a lot more work to do on the go-to-market because it’s early days, but we’re happy with their initial contribution to the success.
Tal Liani: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question will be from Sebastien Naji with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Sebastien Naji: Great. Thanks for squeezing me in here. Can you maybe comment on how much of your software growth outlook here in fiscal year '24 is underpinned by the app growth that you've been talking about driving expansions versus your ability to cross-sell some of your existing customers to either additional security or to Distributed Cloud Services? And then as a second question, just following up on the CDN commentary. What are the types of customers that have been the early adopters of that CDN module and Distributed Cloud.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Let me start with the second part of the question. So the CDN module of Distributed Cloud, as you know, is fairly recent. I think we launched it about a quarter ago, if I recall. And we've had adoption. So this has been, I was mentioning earlier, a land and expand motion. So the customers who have adopted that are customers that typically did not start with F5 for CDN, but typically, they started with F5 for a security solution. And it may have been web application firewall, it may have been DDoS protection or, in some cases, they may have been load balancing on distributed cloud, but then having landed on our platform, wanted to simplify their architecture and then adopted CDN as an additional module. We've seen service providers do that and we've seen enterprises do that across a number of verticals. To the first part of your question around our software growth for the year, okay, it's really about having a strong renewal performance on a renewal basis. So we have pretty good visibility on our renewals in the first quarter, frankly, and even most of last year. Even in a tough environment last year, renewals performed largely as we expected. So we continue to expect to see strong performance on our renewals and true forward and some expansion. And then in the new software subscription, our premise here is that the environment hasn't changed too much from last year. We have a lot of predictability. But we are not expecting a lot of these large transformational projects to really be a big contributor to our new software subscriptions in the year.
Sebastien Naji: Got it. Thanks you, Francois.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. This does conclude our conference today. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-10-24 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5, Inc. Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Also, today’s conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Suzanne DuLong. Ma’am, you may begin.
Suzanne DuLong: Hello, and welcome. I am Suzanne DuLong, F5’s, Vice President of Investor Relations. Francois Locoh-Donou, F5’s President and CEO; and Frank Pelzer, F5’s Executive Vice President and CFO, will be making prepared remarks on today’s call. Other members of the F5 executive team are also on hand to answer questions during the Q&A session. A copy of today’s press release is available on our website at f5.com, where an archived version of today’s audio will be available through January 28, 2024. The slide deck accompanying today’s discussion is viewable on the webcast and will be posted to our IR site at the conclusion of our call. To access the replay of today’s webcast by phone, dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and use meeting ID 13741762. The telephonic replay will be available through midnight Pacific Time, October 25, 2023. For additional information or follow-up questions, please reach out to me directly at s.dulong@f5.com. Our discussion today will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. We have summarized factors that may affect our results in the press release announcing our financial results and in detail in our SEC filings. In addition, we will reference non-GAAP metrics during today’s discussion. Please see our full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation in today’s press release and in the appendix of our earnings slide deck. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. With that, I will turn the call over to Francois.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Suzanne, and hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us. In my remarks today, I will speak to our Q4 and FY ‘23 highlights, as well as our expectations for FY ‘24. Frank will then review the details of our Q4 and FY 23 results and provide some additional color about our outlook. We delivered a solid Q4, in an environment that showed some additional signs of stabilization. We saw strength from our enterprise vertical, including technology and financial services customers, offset by softness from service providers. The result was Q4 revenue near the high-end of our guidance range. Our continued operating discipline helped us deliver earnings per share, well above the high end of our range. Our global services team delivered robust 9% revenue growth, driven by strong maintenance renewals and reflecting the benefit of price increases announced last year. In addition, software revenue grew 11%, aided by 27% growth in subscription software. Software revenue from renewals, which have performed well all year ticked up in Q4 over Q3. And while new subscriptions remain down year-over-year, we saw some improvement compared to the first half. Strength in global services and software offset a systems decline of 25%, which reflects a lower level of backlog related shipments than we had for the first three quarters of the year. Stepping back and looking at fiscal year 2023, we adjusted to the environmental challenges we faced, resolving supply chain pressures and largely returning to normalized delivery times. We took decisive actions to adjust our operating model to the realities of the demand environment, driving meaningful improvement to our operating margins and delivering 15% EPS growth. We also returned 58% of our annual free-cash flow to shareholders by our share repurchases. Highlights from FY ‘23 include. First, subscription renewals performed largely to plan for the year. In today’s tough IT spend environment, this is a strong signal, that customers are getting the value and return they expect from our software solutions. Second, F5 Distributed Cloud Services SaaS offerings are gaining traction with both new and existing customers. In fact, 29% of Distributed Cloud SaaS customers are new to F5. In total, we now have more than 500 customers for our SaaS services on Distributed Cloud, an increase of more than 200% since Q4 of last year. Third, we are having very good success, displacing a traditional ADC competitor, in both software and hardware form factors. And finally, we delivered meaningful operating improvements, driving our non-GAAP operating margin up 130 basis points from FY ‘22. As we look ahead, we enter FY ‘24 in an environment that seems to be stabilizing. In fact, from a demand perspective, we saw encouraging early signs with enterprise customers in Q4, but it is too soon to say if what we are seeing is a durable trend. As we contemplate our outlook for FY ‘24, we consider a number of factors. At the macro level, we expect continued application and API growth, fueled by automation efforts and new use cases, including Generative AI. We also expect customer spending caution persist into FY ‘24, but it’s stable. And finally, we believe the tension between application and API growth and customers’ ability to sweat assets will reach a tipping point, causing them to reinvest in their application infrastructure, likely beginning sometime in FY ‘24. At the F5 level we also consider. First, we have an approximately $180 million revenue headwind from FY ‘23’s backlog fulfillment primarily in systems. Second, we expect flat to modest total software revenue growth in FY ‘24, as a result of a number of dynamics, including continued subscription renewal strength and steady Distributed Cloud SaaS revenue growth. These positive trends will be offset by a series of transitions we are executing in our SaaS and managed services offerings. And third, we expect our global services revenue will return to low-single-digit growth as we lap price increases. As a result of these factors, we expect our FY ‘24 revenue will be flat to down low-single-digits from FY ‘23, inclusive of the 6% headwind related to FY ‘23 backlog shipments. We also expect to return to mid-single-digit revenue growth in FY ‘25. Whether we achieve the lower high end of our revenue range, we are committed to driving continued strong profitability and we will continue to manage our operating model with discipline. We expect to deliver FY ‘24 non-GAAP operating margin in a range of 33% to 34%. We are also targeting FY ‘24 non-GAAP EPS growth of 5% to 7%, reflecting growth of at least 10% on a tax neutral basis compared to FY ‘23. Our growth opportunity is fundamentally linked to the continued growth of applications and APIs and the need to secure, deliver and optimize those apps and APIs. F5 is the only Company that can deliver, secure and optimize any app and API anywhere. Our security and delivery solutions, offer a custom fit for each app and API. Modern apps and APIs require different solutions than legacy apps. We have the right solutions for both. In addition, to delivering the right tools for the right app or API, our combination of deployable software and hardware and SaaS and managed service offerings, means we are the only vendor that can serve every app and API across all environments in a datacenter, public cloud and at the edge. We are the only Company who can do this today. And going-forward, further integration and convergence of our solutions will make it much easier for our customers to secure and deliver their apps, across all infrastructure environments. The power of our converged portfolio is resonating with customers who are able to deploy the solutions they need today, with the knowledge that F5 will be with them on every step of their multi cloud journey. Before I pass the call to Frank, I will speak to some customer highlights from each of our product families. Our F5 BIG-IP family serves traditional applications, either on-premises, co-located or in cloud environments. BIG-IP’s data plane performance, automation capabilities and seamless integration into public cloud environments continues to differentiate the platform, and we continue to win against competitors. From a hardware perspective, the value proposition with our next generation platforms is resonating with customers with our rSeries and VELOS platforms, representing more than 80% of Q4 systems bookings. In one example of a BIG-IP wins from Q4, we displaced a competitor and a North American healthcare customer. The opportunity arose as a result of the incumbent provider’s inability to handle a mission critical upgrade to the customer’s physician portal. The customer selected F5 BIG-IP based on its advanced application delivery capabilities, secure access management, our partnership with their healthcare records platform and confidence in our roadmap. In addition to providing the mission critical functionality that customer needed urgently, we replaced all of the competitor’s use cases with the customer, simplifying their application environment and future proofing their datacenters. F5 NGINX, delivered a very strong Q4. NGINX serves modern container native and micro-services based applications and APIs. We continue to see large enterprises adopt NGINX for their cloud and Kubernetes workloads and as those applications scale, we are seeing our NGINX opportunity scale as well. In addition, customers are also leveraging NGINX for app layer security for containers. As an example, in Q4 when the e-commerce division of a global technology customer needed to comply with new data security standards, they selected NGINX App Protect to implement app layer security to the containers processing consumer’s credit card data. We have invested both organically and inorganically to build our F5 Distributed Cloud Services, a portfolio of SaaS and managed services. Apart from the offering transitions I mentioned, we are really excited about the future for Distributed Cloud. We are intercepting two exciting emerging growth categories, web app and API protection or WAAP and secure multi cloud networking or secure MCN, that will drive future growth for Distributed Cloud Services. In one WAAP win for the quarter, we are helping an EMEA-based banking customer evolve from its traditional WAAP security posture to a more comprehensive WAAP solution that encompasses web application firewall, as well as API protection, bot defense and Layer 7 DDoS Protection. This customer approached us when they came under attack by a malicious foreign actor that their existing WAF could not handle. Against multiple competitors, we successfully demonstrated the superiority of our WAF offering, including our ability to protect major payment companies APIs. Early traction for our secure multi-cloud networking offerings includes a Q4 win with a large retailer In Latin America, that also offers a range of financial services to its customers. As part of its digital transformation efforts, the customer needed a solution to enable them to grow and manage their expanding body of cloud native applications. They also plan to migrate their large existing footprint of virtual machines and on-premises appliances to the cloud. After a thorough proof-of-concept, the customer selected our secure multi cloud networking solution, because of our ability to use the customer edge to make the move 100% transparent, to both internal users and consumers. We are also seeing cross portfolio traction with customers who are operating in hybrid environments, choosing to deploy F5 across multiple form factors. In a win that highlights the synergies of our product families, during Q4 we secured a win with an APAC based financial services provider. The customer launched a multifaceted modernization project, designed to add and consolidate applications, and enable scalability to handle exponential traffic growth. They also needed help, stopping a barrage of constant automated attacks. In a competitive bid, our combination of BIG-IP and F5 Distributed Cloud Bot Defense won out. The combination enables the customer to manage unpredictable traffic growth, customized services for each application and enhance their security posture, with our ML based AI engine. These real life use cases, offer a view to how we are enabling customers to secure, deliver, optimize and manage their applications and APIs and how we simplify the challenges of operating in a complex hybrid multi cloud world. Now, I will turn the call to Frank. Frank?
Frank Pelzer: Thank you, Francois And good afternoon everyone. I will review our Q4 and FY ‘23 results, before I elaborate on the outlook Francois shared. We delivered Q4 revenue of $707 million, reflecting 1% growth year-over-year, with a mix of 54% global services and 46% product revenue. Global services revenue of $382 million grew a strong 9% due to continued high maintenance renewals as well as the price increases, we introduced last year. Product revenue totaled $325 million, down 7% year-on-year. Systems revenue of $134 million declined 25% year-over-year, reflecting a lower level of backlog related shipments that we had in prior quarters and demand that showed some signs of stabilization, albeit at lower levels than we have seen historically. In contrast, software revenue grew 11% over the year ago period, to a new high of $191 million. Subscription based revenue grew 27% year-over-year to $166 million, another record-high, representing 87% of Q4 total software revenue. Perpetuals and software license sales of $25 million represented 13% of Q4 software revenue. Revenue from recurring sources contributed 76% of Q4’s revenue another all-time high. Recurring revenue includes subscription based revenue as well as the maintenance portion of our services revenue. On a regional basis, revenue from Americas was down 6% year-over-year, representing 57% of total revenue. EMEA grew 16%, representing 26% of revenue, and APAC grew 4%, representing 17% of revenue. Looking at our major verticals, during Q4 enterprise customers represented 72% of product bookings. Service providers represent 9% and government customers represented 19%, including 7% from U.S. Federal. Our Q4 operating results were strong, reflecting operating discipline and a full quarter benefit from the cost reductions announced in April. GAAP gross margin was 80.1%, non-GAAP gross margin was 82.7%, an improvement of 125 basis points from Q4 of FY ‘22. GAAP operating expenses were $394 million, non-GAAP operating expenses were $345 million. Q4 non-GAAP operating expenses as a percent of revenue was below 49%, resuming pre-2019 acquisition levels. Our GAAP operating margin was 24.3%, our non-GAAP operating margin was 33.9%, representing an improvement of more than 600 basis points from Q4 of FY ‘22. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 13%, our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 14% below our initial expectations for the year, as a result of IRS guidance issued during the quarter, relating to foreign tax credits. Our GAAP net income for the quarter was $152 million or $2.55 per share. Our non-GAAP net income was $209 million or $3.50 per share, well-above the top-end of our guidance range of $3.15 to $3.27 per share. This reflects the combined impact of our gross margin improvements and operating expense discipline, as well as the Q4 tax benefit. I will now turn to cash flow and the balance sheet, which also remain very strong. We generated $190 million in cash flow from operations in Q4 driven by our improved profitability. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $15 million. DSO for the quarter was 58 days. Cash and investments totaled approximately $808 million at quarter end. Deferred revenue increased 5% year-over-year to $1.78 billion. We repurchased $60 million worth of shares in Q4. For the year, we used 58% of our approximately $600 million of free cash flow for share repurchases. I note that in each of the past three years, we have met or exceeded our share repurchase commitments. Finally, we ended the quarter with approximately 6,500 employees. I will now recap our FY ‘23 results. For the year, revenue grew 4% to $2.8 billion. Global services revenue grew 7% to $1.5 billion, representing 53% of total revenue for the year. Product revenue grew 1% to $1.3 billion, representing 47% of total revenue. For the second year in a row software represented roughly 50% of product revenue. Software revenue was flat compared to last year at $664 million. This was down from our initial expectation of 15% to 20% growth as a result of customers delaying large transformational projects. As Francois noted, software renewals performed largely as planned. We delivered $671 million in systems revenue during the year, representing 3% growth. I would now like to provide some additional information regarding software revenue. We said we intended to provide additional software revenue details as the SaaS business scale. As we said last October, we had several SaaS and managed service transitions planned. We started these transitions in FY’ 23 and they will continue through FY ‘24 and FY ‘25, leading to some short-term revenue variability that is not necessarily indicative of potential future performance. We believe that providing visibility to our SaaS and managed service revenue, and to the transitions that are underway, provides greater clarity on both our FY ‘24 revenue expectations and our expectation of returning to mid-single-digit revenue growth in FY ‘25. Today, I will speak the three components of our FY ‘23 software revenue. The first, term subscriptions, the second SaaS and managed services and the third perpetual licenses. We intend to continue report the SaaS and managed service portion of our revenue on an annual basis going forward. In FY ‘23, revenue from term based subscriptions comprised a BIG-IP and NGINX subscriptions, contributed $353 million to software revenue, up 9% year-over-year. Under ASC 606, sales of term-based subscriptions are recognized largely upfront as software revenue. The remainder is deferred and recognized as service revenue over the term of the subscription. The majority of our term-based subscriptions are contracted for three years. Term subscriptions included both new, renewal and true forward or expansion revenue, for both annual and multi-year subscriptions of deployable software. New revenue includes new customers, as well as new use cases or offerings sold to existing customers. In FY ‘23 renewal and true forward or expansion revenue experienced healthy year-over-year growth, offsetting the weakness in new term subscription software projects. Renewals performing largely to plan in FY ‘23 is encouraging for several reasons. First, given the current levels of customer spending scrutiny, strong renewals are a signal that customers are getting the value they demand. Second, our renewals motion is still relatively new and it is great to see confirmation that it is working as intended. The second component of our software revenue, SaaS and managed services contributed $203 million in revenue in FY ‘23, up 2% year-over-year. SaaS and managed service is comprised of our F5 Distributed Cloud SaaS offerings. Revenue from managed services including our legacy F5 Silverline offering in our anti bot and anti-fraud offerings as well as revenue from legacy SaaS offerings. SaaS and managed service sales are recognized ratably as product revenue over the term of the subscription. At the end of FY ‘23, our SaaS and managed services ARR was $198 million, down approximately 2% year-over-year. There were four primary contributors to this performance. First, we are seeing solid early momentum from our F5 Distributed Cloud Service SaaS offerings. Second in FY’ 23 our most advanced anti-bot and anti-fraud managed service solutions underperformed relative to our plan, as a result of customer spending caution and budget scrutiny. Third in FY ‘23, we began migrating customers from our legacy Silverline managed service offerings, to our F5 Distributed Cloud SaaS offering. And fourth, we began executing the planned retirement of legacy SaaS offerings from companies we acquired. Both the Silverline customer migrations, and the retirement of legacy SaaS offerings resulted in planned revenue churn. The third component of our software revenue is perpetual licenses, which contributed $108 million in software revenue, down year-over-year after unusually strong FY ‘22. In FY ‘23 71% of our revenue was recurring, up from 69% in FY ‘22. Several years ago, we began breaking out our security related revenue annually. This year our total security revenue which includes standalone security, attach security and security related to maintenance revenue was approximately $1.1 billion or 40% of total revenue. Our standalone security product revenue grew 5% to approximately $475 million. We are seeing good traction with the lower end anti bot offering delivered through Distributed Cloud services as well as from security on NGINX. Our FY ‘23 security revenue growth was affected by customer spending caution, including stalled transformational projects and the underperformance of advanced anti bot anti-fraud solution as I mentioned previously. During the year, we overcame supply chain challenges and successfully returned our lead times to normal levels. As a result, our FY ‘23 product backlog returned to pre-supply chain challenge levels and we closed the year with approximately $53 million in product backlog. I will now turn to our FY ‘23 operating performance. GAAP gross margin in FY ‘23 was 78.9%. Non GAAP gross margin was 81.5%, down 110 basis points from FY ‘22, as a result of higher supply chain costs in FY ‘23. Our GAAP operating margin for FY ‘23 was 16.8% and our non-GAAP operating margin was 30.2%, up 130 basis points from FY ‘22, as a result of our previously announced cost reductions. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the year was 18.7%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate for the year was 18.3%. Our FY ‘23 annual tax rate was lower-than expected, primarily due to IRS guidance issued during the fourth quarter related to foreign tax credits. GAAP net income for FY ‘23 was $395 million or $6.55 per share. Non-GAAP net income was $705 million or $11.70 per share, representing growth of 14.8% over FY ‘22. Francois, outlined our annual and longer term outlook at the start of the call, I’ll recap that with some additional color. I will also provide our outlook for Q1. With the exception of revenue, my guidance comments reference non-GAAP metrics. In our FY ‘24 outlook, we’ve made the following assumptions. We expect customer spending caution will continue into FY ‘24, but we also expect customers will begin to reinvest at some point in the year. We expect our global services revenue will return to low-single-digit growth as we lap price increases. We have approximately $180 million revenue headwind in systems from FY ‘23’s backlog fulfillment. We expect to continue to take share in the traditional ADC space with BIG-IP in both hardware and software form factors. Within our software revenue, we expect continued strength from our term subscription renewals and continued growth from our F5 Distributed Cloud SaaS offerings. As I’ve discussed previously, we will have some planned revenue churn as we work through the SaaS and managed service transitions I discussed. We expect these transitions will be largely complete in FY ‘25. In FY ‘23 and in ARR associated with the transitions is approximately $65 million, a little more than half of which is associated with offerings we intend to transition onto Distributed Cloud over the next two years. The net of these assumptions, combined with the current demand levels leads us to expect FY ‘24 revenue in the range of flat to down low-single-digits from FY ‘23. Excluding the $180 million or 6% headwind from our FY ‘23 backlog reduction, our guidance range would reflect low to mid-single-digit revenue growth in FY ‘24. Whether we achieve the bottom or top end of this range, largely depends on when customers resume more normal levels of spending. We expect some continued quarter-to-quarter variability, as a result of upfront revenue recognition related to our term subscription offerings. Regardless of our revenue performance, we remain committed to driving strong profitability. From an operating perspective, we expect gross margin will improve in fiscal year ‘24 to the range of 82% to 83%, this is primarily the result of supply chain related cost pressures, working their way out of our model. We expect our continued operating expense discipline will result in FY ‘24 non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 33% to 34% for the year. On a percent of revenue basis, this would put our operating expenses roughly in line with 2018 levels, at roughly 49% of revenue. We expect our FY ‘24 effective tax rate will be 21% to 23%. In FY ‘24 we expect to deliver 5% to 7% non-GAAP earnings growth, which translates to at least 10% year-over-year growth on a tax-neutral basis. Finally, we expect to use at least 50% of our annual free cash flow for share repurchases, consistent with the approach we have discussed previously. As of the end of FY ‘23, we had $922 million remaining on our previously announced authorized share repurchase program. We also want to take the opportunity to speak to our expectations beyond FY ‘24, as we believe it will help signal how we intend to run the business longer term. As Francois noted we expect mid-single-digit revenue growth in FY ‘25. We expect to drive additional gross margin improvements, and to deliver gross margins between 83% and 84%. We expect to grow our operating expenses slower than revenue, resulting in an operating margin of at least 35%. We will continue to prioritize profitability, adjusting our operating model if needed to enable us to deliver at least 10% compounded annual non-GAAP EPS growth. Finally, we intend to continue to use at least 50% of our annual free cash flow towards share repurchases. I’ll conclude with our expectations for Q1 of FY ‘24. We expect Q1 revenue in the range of $675 million to $695 million. We expect gross margins in the range of 82% to 83%. We estimate Q1 operating expenses of $332 million to $344 million. We are targeting Q1 non-GAAP EPS in the range of $2.97 to $3.09 per share. We expect Q1 share-based compensation expense of approximately $58 million to $60 million. I will now turn the call back over to Francois. Francois?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Frank. Before we open the call to questions, I want to address our view on F5’s AI opportunity. At the highest level, we believe customer’s use of AI will accelerate the growth of applications and APIs and the corresponding need to deploy, manage and secure them, which is what we do best. We also believe AI inference, the process of using a train model to make predictions on never seen before data will become increasingly distributed. Organizations will need to support it anywhere from datacenters to manufacturing floors to public clouds. We believe every application and API will soon require inference just as they require security and traffic management. With our rich history of delivering innovative ML based security solutions, including bot defense, protection against denial of service attacks and anti-fraud and our role in the flow of application traffic, we are uniquely positioned to secure AI workloads, wherever they reside and to empower our customers to run AI wherever they need it. In conclusion, we are leveraging our incumbency and our position in the flow of 40% of the world Internet traffic, to deliver hybrid, multi-cloud solutions that dramatically simplify application and API deployment, security and management for our customers. We are also significantly reducing our customer’s total cost of ownership. We are uniting and automating all of our customer’s apps and APIs across their datacenters, cloud and edge environment. We are encouraged both by the early signs of stability we saw in the second half of ‘23, and with the residence our converging portfolio is having with customers. We have an install base of 20,000 customers, all of whom have an acute and significant multi-cloud challenge. Other than F5, there is no one company that can address this challenge. With F5 Distributed Cloud services, we have created a platform to drive SaaS growth in the future. In closing, I’ll reiterate the three pillars of our long-term operating model, which will enable us to drive double-digit earnings on a compound annual growth rate. Number one, delivering sustained mid-single-digit revenue growth, supported by our differentiated positioning in attractive end markets, along with our durable high margin global services business. Number two, driving non-GAAP operating margin expansion, which we will achieve through gross margin improvement and operating discipline. And number three, returning cash to shareholders, via share repurchases, using at least 50% of our annual free-cash-flow. Operator, please open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Amit Daryanani: Yep. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. You know, I guess, Francois maybe to start with, you talked about software growth being flat to have been up modestly, but that included some of the headwinds around the business transition is taking place on the managed services side. I didn’t appreciate this, but is the headwind from this transition $65 million or is it half that number? And maybe just flush out how much that is and what are the transitions that you’re doing?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Hi, Amit. So in, in total, so we talked about it roughly $200 million in SaaS and managed services. In that $200 million there is about $65 million of revenue stream, that essentially are going to go away. Now, but that’s more than half of that is revenue streams coming from a legacy managed services platform Silverline, that we are retiring. But we intend to migrate the customers over to Distributed Cloud. So we would expect you know a portion, if not a significant portion of that, you know of that revenue stream to go on to Distributed Cloud over time. The other a little less than half of that $65 million are offerings that we are retiring completely that, you know, when we looked at our portfolio and looked at the offerings we wanted to rationalize, that we felt were underperforming. We decided to retire these offerings completely to, you know, focus on the products that are going forward and successful rationalize our cost and improve our efficiency.
Amit Daryanani: Got it, that is really helpful to get -- understanding the split on the $65 million. And then you know, I think, Francois you in your comments you sort of talked about, you’re seeing encouraging signs from enterprise customers in September quarter. Can you just perhaps talk about what are these signs, is it just the assets are running at high utilization, you can’t sweat them anymore. And is there any sort geo vertical, we’re just trying see these initial positive signs that you may have from customer demand.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Amit there, I wouldn’t say there is a particular geography where we are -- where, that’s really different than others. I would say, North America has been probably more solid and stable than our Asia and European markets. If we look at verticals in terms of where we’re seeing stabilization, I think the enterprise market, we’re seeing more stabilization. The service provider market has been soft. That’s for a number of factors service providers continue to sweat assets, and, and be really ruthless in their prioritization, the 4G to 5G transition is a little slower than anticipated. So service providers in general have been soft than we’re kind of expecting that to continue. What we were encouraged by, especially, in the second-half of the year, but specifically in Q4 is in the enterprise space specifically, we saw some customers that had been sweating their assets, and got to kind of at the end of that cycle and started demanding hardware again or ordering hardware again. So we did see a rebound in hardware orders in the fourth fiscal quarter. Coming from A, we think some customers having sweated their assets, but also, you know, it took a long time for us to ship equipment to a number of our customers in 2023. And in Q4 we saw some of these customers that finally had received their hardware and had been able to deploy that to start ordering again. So we were encouraged by those trends.
Amit Daryanani: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Henderson with Needham. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Henderson: Great, thanks so much. Looking back at your prior longer term expectations, I think you had talked about growth rate in software in excess of 20%, and high to mid-single declines in systems. Can you give us an update on what do you think those percentages might look like in longer term once you get through the wobble in FY ‘24?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes. So, Alex, we’re -- so today we’re talking -- so I don’t want to talk about what’s beyond FY ‘25, I’m going to talk about FY ‘24 and ‘25. Beyond FY ‘25, I think our view of our end markets haven’t really changed. And so you know in the future that opportunity to return to 20%-plus growth in software, is there based on the end markets that we are targeting. But let’s talk about FY ‘24 and FY ‘25. So FY ‘24 we’ve talked about growth in software being you know flat to modest. And that, if you take the three components of software that we’ve, we just talked about, we expect, you know, frankly, the perpetual base of the business to be roughly flattish. We have a similar view on the SaaS and managed services part of the business based on the transitions we’re going through. And potentially, you know in the term subscription part of the business is where potentially we would see some modest growth. Going into 2025 from a revenue perspective, we don’t necessarily expect growth from perpetual or the SaaS and managed services business because of the transitions that we’re going through. But we have strong visibility into our -- the renewals and expansion in our term subscription business. The expansions which are very strong from what we’re seeing and we expect that to continue and be amplified in 2025. So in 2025, we would expect you know software growth to return to double-digit, really powered by our term subscription business.
Alex Henderson: I see. Just if I can follow-up on, you talked about your backlog having been normalized, but you’ve also had orders out for components that were driven off of the tight supply environment. When do you expect the full normalization of the component costs, you know, in your cost of goods sold, is that already achieved or is that going to be something that’s going to feather in over the next year maybe, year and a half?
Frank Pelzer: Alex, it’s Frank. So largely most of that has been achieved but there is still some of the purchase price variances that are coming through in FY ‘24. By FY ‘25 we expect that to be fully out in a normalized level.
Alex Henderson: Could you give some sense of what the ‘24 variance would be?
Frank Pelzer: Alex, I think it’s probably in the range of 25 to 50 basis points of where we’ll see improvement just based off of that, in comparison to expectations for gross margins in FY ‘25.
Alex Henderson: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Samik Chatterjee: Hey, thanks for taking my question. I guess Francois just relative to your fiscal ‘25 outlook for mid-single-digit, I’m just curious if you’ve changed your view about what the long-term trajectory in systems demand looks like, particularly as you mentioned, you’ve seen orders pick up a bit. And maybe you can also talk about, when you talked about AI demand, do you expect -- how do you expect it to play out between systems, related to sort of software within your portfolio? And I have a quick follow-up. Thank you.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Samik. Thank you. These -- so over a long period of time I think we, you know, we think that the hardware business would be more of a you know low-single, low-single-digit decline or overtime. However, that is a statement you know that is based on a normal, first a normalization of the hardware business, and we’re not there today. And that’s been as you know, the demand was much softer in 2023. And so we actually expect our hardware business to rebound in 2024, and we saw some signs of that already in this fourth quarter. And you know the -- I’m giving you more of a long-term trend kind of beyond 2025. But you know I think at least for 2024, we expect to rebound in the hardware business. In terms of where AI will play in our business, so the way to think about it Samik is, we -- the portfolio that we’re putting together, which is hardware, software and SaaS, we expect, you know, that will enable our customers to secure and deliver their API and their applications in any environment. AI workloads are going to be modern applications, some of which may run on-prem but we think a, a lot of them will run in software environment, and so it’s likely that supporting AI workloads will accrue more to our software business over time. And in addition to that, we think we have a very unique position in that with our distributed cloud capabilities, we are able to run inferences really in any cloud environment and beyond. So we can run inferences in any public cloud, we can run it at the edge, we can run it in our own cloud. And increasingly, we’re hearing from customers that they will want to run these inferences on manufacturing floors or on the retail branches for retail customers or and vehicles for some far as use cases. And we have the ability to run and secure and deliver these inferences in any environment. You know, whether it’s in the cloud or in any one of these far edge environments and that makes F5 very unique in its position for running AI inferences in the future. All of that of course will accrue to our software business.
Samik Chatterjee: Go it, got it. A quick follow-up Francois, you mentioned the green shoots you’re seeing in terms of enterprises spending and the recovery there. I think one of the pushbacks we’ve seen from investors on that front has largely been the expectation that there might be a pickup here in the back end of the year just from a budget flush perspective from the enterprises, and you might sort of see a pull back again, as we enter into next year and more sort of budget cuts. Any insight you know, that you’re already getting from your customers about how budgets look for next year or in relation to whether would this sort of pickup, if anything to do with the more temporary flush of budgets before the year end? Thank you.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes. Thank you, Samik. I, I don’t think it, it was related to a budget flush for -- you know because, you know, the comments we made in resumption were really things we observe in the, the quarter that ended in, in September for us. When we look at next year, no, we do not have visibility into exactly what budgets our customers will have in FY ‘24. We do have a strong pipeline, entering the fiscal year on hardware. And you know that would -- it will come down to what are the close rates on that. In Q4 the close rates that we saw on our pipeline entering the quarter were better than in the prior three quarters of the year. That’s also part of why we talked about stabilization. And green shoots in Q4 is because what we saw in the close rate. So we’re going into the fiscal year with a stronger hardware pipeline. Recent data points on close rates that are positive. But of course, we are cautious, because there’s still a lot of uncertainty out there. Around the macro as you noted. We continue to see customers you know in certain occasions, delaying, delaying deals or having continued budget scrutiny and more approvals. We are seeing that phenomenon continue. And so overall, we’re still cautious going into the year.
Samik Chatterjee: Yes. Thank you. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Meta Marshall: Great, thanks. Maybe building on Samik’s question to start. You know, as you look at your pipeline, is your view that a lot of this is, okay, we’ve sweated assets as much as we can, or the utilization of the appliances is too high or you know, are we starting to see kind of growth in multi-cloud projects again? Just trying to get a sense of as you look at your pipeline, is it kind of traditional applications are expanding our use cases? And then maybe as a second question, You know, you mentioned kind of having plays as AI and inference cases grow, you know, is that going to require productization of any kind of suites of products today or just kind of tailoring to kind of have AI ready solution? Thanks.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Meta. The -- so let me start with the first question, and my comments on pipeline. There are more related to what we’re seeing in the -- on the hardware side of things, where we had a number of customers that A, number one have been sweating their assets, and they’re getting sometimes the utilization levels, where we, we know that at some point in ‘24 they will have to do something. Or number two, customers who have placed orders in FY ‘22 have not been able to receive equipment for these orders, who now have and have started to deploy that capacity and are starting to be ready to order again. So that is accruing to a stronger hardware pipeline. In terms of big you know, kind of multi-cloud software, what we’ve called this transformational software project, we are not yet seeing a you know substantial resumption of these kinds of projects. But then that’s what I was saying earlier is customers are still very cautious on undertaking, you know, big projects like that. And we’re not seeing a different pattern going into the year on those aspects. As it relates to AI and whether it will require productization, we have essentially and so on, on the aspect of being able to run inferences in any environment, we have these capabilities in Distributed Cloud. I think we need to ensure that we harden these capabilities and there is a strong go-to-market effort to be made around that to make customers aware of that in the future as they start deploying AI workloads. As it relates to being able to secure and deliver AI workloads, those capabilities exist today and we are ready to go with that already.
Frank Pelzer: Meta, I just wanted to add that, you know, last year we talked about in our outlook, particularly, in software that, we were a little less than 50% of our outlook at the time was coming from the renewals and the trueforwards portion of our term subscription agreements, and that’s and our SaaS based revenue. And that’s a little more than half was going to come from new, this year as we take a look at that same formula and we look out over 60% of you know what we expect in that flat to modest software growth is coming from, both the renewables pieces of the SaaS and managed service business, plus the renewables true forwards of our term subscription business. So we tried to take into account the fact that we don’t see these transformational projects on the horizon as we thought about the guidance.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Ng: Hey, good afternoon. Thank you for the question and for all the comments on, on the outlook. I just had two, both on software. You know, first, I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about, you know, your visibility into the term business. You know, you called out term as something that would help drive the double-digit software revenue growth in fiscal ‘25, as well as potential growth in fiscal ‘24. And then second, I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about this migration from Silverline to DCS. It sounds like it’s a multi-year headwind, you know, something that contributed to the weakness in ARR in fiscal ‘23, but it also seems to be a headwind in fiscal ‘24 and fiscal, fiscal ‘25. So maybe you could just talk about that and you know, how that transition is rolling off and you know, over how many years. Thank you.
Frank Pelzer: Sure, Michael. Let me start with the first question and then I’ll let Francois jump in on the second on the Silverline side. So on the, first on the term subscription, particularly the, you know, the trueforwards and the expansions that we have seen, with the second terms coming on and we’ve had probably about seven or eight quarters now of run rate, and are getting much more comfortable with the early signs that you know, where massive expansions continue. And so getting very, very strong utilization from the -- from that base of deployed, flexible consumption programs, and this specifically covers right now BIG-IP and the NGINX portfolio within our business, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks. And that’s giving us a lot of comfort, both in FY ‘24 and more importantly, in FY ‘25. FY ‘25, we’ve got our, you know, a bigger pool of expansion revenue than we do in FY ‘24 and ‘24 is growing on top of ‘23, so all of these continue to compile upon themselves. As I just mentioned to me Meta that, you know more than 60% of the outlook that we’ve got within our software revenue is coming, you know, from that cohort that we feel pretty good about seeing which is the term renewals, as well as true forwards plus SaaS and managed service renewal piece that we’ve got in the revenue stream. So both of those, you know, we feel very confident about, and it’s probably the highest visibility that we’ve got within the revenue stream.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Frank. And to your second question, Michael on SaaS and managed services. So, like, if we talk about, you know, FY ‘22 to FY ‘23, you saw that the ARR there was flat to slightly down. There are two reasons for that. One is, yes, the transitions we talked about started in ‘23 and there was about call it roughly, you know, $12 million of ARR that we transitioned out of the business in 2023. The other reason is at the high-end of the bot business, we saw quite a bit of softness, especially in the second-half of the year, as customers had significant budget scrutiny and you know we’re reluctant unless they were under immediate attack, to really implement our more sophisticated solutions. We think over time that will change, but specifically this year with the macro pressures and budget scrutiny, we saw a lot of softness there, both in, you know, new bookings and in some churn in some cases. So that is the FY ‘22 to FY ‘23. So from going into 2024, well, you asked about, you know, is this transition is a multi-year transition. Yes, we expect that the $65 million of, of revenue stream that we are transitioning will work themselves out over the next couple of years, so over FY ‘24 and FY ‘25 they are a headwind to total growth. However, we are quite excited by what’s happening with F5 out of the SaaS portion of our offerings, specifically SaaS on F5 Distributed Cloud. We have launched a WAF offerings, the security offering, you know, about 18 months ago. We are seeing extraordinary traction on that. As I said earlier, we’ve won over 500 customers in that period, all of whom are enterprise customers. And we are seeing very rapid traction on that. We’re also seeing rapid traction on the multi-cloud networking market, where we bring both networking and security capabilities and we’re quite differentiated to anybody in the market. So that has grown fast and we expect that portion of the business to continue to grow fast, and overtime become a, a majority of this SaaS and managed services portfolio.
Michael Ng: Thank you, Frank. Thank you, Francois. Very helpful.
Francois Locoh-Donou: [Indiscernible] Michael.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Long with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Tim Long: Thank you. Two, if I could as well. First, Francois, I think you talked about replacing competitor with, in the ADC, both hardware and software, domain. Could you dig into that a little bit more, is that something that you think it is kind of, it’s a one-off or do you think there is a sustainable move there and how is that happening. And then second, just on the, you know, the changes in the transitions in software, it sounds like you know, move into Distributed Cloud services makes a lot of sense. Having looked at some of those businesses and kind of you know, moving on from them. Does that change your view of kind of synergies across product offerings or is it a sign that maybe those businesses didn’t have the same synergy and that’s why you’re not, you know, you’re not going forward with them. Thank you.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thanks, Tim. Maybe let me start with the second part. No, it’s not about synergies. So there are two aspects of that, Tim in terms of the transitions we’re talking about the $65 million of transition. One is a legacy platform that we have, you know that -- on which we have built managed services offering. We have now built a with the F5 Distributed Cloud in much more modern platform with an architecture that’s differentiated, and that’s gaining rapid traction and we want to transition our customers through this modern platform. And that was always the plan to do that. However, you know, we have to first of all, build a platform and build all the security capabilities on the platform, to be able to start this transition. So we’re very excited that we were able to do all this work on the Volterra platform over the last couple of years, and we’re able to start this transition in 2023. The second part of the revenue stream that is being retired is not about synergies, it’s new offerings that we had launched recently, that we hope to do well in the market. But given the macro environment and what we’ve seen as the early traction on these offerings, we’ve made some decisions as you know, in April to rationalize our portfolio and focus on the most attractive investment, and we decided to not go forward with these products. So that’s the second part of your question. On the -- I should say that the last thing I’d say about that is, in terms of the synergies between elements of the portfolio, no -- we are actually very encouraged on what we’re seeing. We’re seeing actually a number of customers, who already have BIG-IP adopt Distributed Cloud. You know so for a set of applications they have BIG-IP on-prem or in the cloud, so hardware or software, and then they want to have software-as-a-service for in -- other applications in their state. And they really want to have the consistency of you know security engine, security policies across all these environments and we’re able to do that with BIG-IP, as well as our SaaS and managed services. NGINX also had a very strong quarter in Q4, and that was driven in-part by the security capabilities that we ported from BIG-IP onto NGNIX and that same security stack is now in use in Distributed Cloud. So the synergies, especially in terms of security across our portfolio are, are playing out, and we expect that they will accelerate actually over the next couple of years, as we, we do more and more conversion between the SaaS and deployable products. Now, for the first part of your question, in terms of the ADC competitors, look Tim, here it’s -- we have over the last four years, you know, we made a decision to continue to invest in the future of the ADC franchise, and specifically, building the next generation hardware form factors for our ADC franchise and the next generation software form factors that together bring to on-prem deployments, the benefit of the cloud, such as, you know, multi-tenancy rapid upgrades, seamless upgrades, and make it way easier for customers to operationalize ADCs, and have a better total cost of ownership. Those investments are paying out in the market in terms of us gaining share and being able to displace our traditional competitors in, you know, even in situations where they are incumbent, and take share from them. And we think that, you know, that’s not a one-off. Our expectation is, that will continue, and, you know, we’re pretty excited because, this year we’re introducing the next generation software platform on BIG-IP that we think is also even more differentiated than what we’ve had in the market. So I expect that will continue and it’s you know, hopefully a pay-off for the investment we’ve made over the last four years.
Tim Long: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ray McDonough with Guggenheim. Please proceed with your question.
Ray McDonough: Great, thanks for taking the questions. Francois, given some of the changes you’re making to your software portfolio, it seems like in a way you’re, you’re simplifying or even converging some of your solutions. So as we think about the roadmap for Distributed Cloud in particular, what can you do to accelerate adoption and make sure you capture the potential voluntary churn that you’ve talked about or, or even how should we think about the priorities around Distributed Cloud next year.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you. The -- look our goal is to make it ridiculously easy for our customers to secure and deliver their applications. And Distributed Cloud is getting a lot of traction because it does that for, for our customers. So when you look at the priorities next year, of course, it’s scaling the platform, so it’s available in, you know, more markets in more environments and continue to add services to the platform. We have the two -- I would say first two sets of services WAF and multi cloud networking. We have a backlog of other services that we want to add to the platform that our customers will want to add. We’ve recently added CDN capabilities on the platform, you know, after the [Acqui hire] (ph) of Lilac a few months back and we’re starting to get customers adopting our CDN because it’s convenient for them to like catch back to load balancing and, and security in some cases. So the first priorities are, you know, scaling the platform and adding services. As far as go-to-market, frankly, the priority is going into customers that are already F5 customers, that have our hardware or software, but want a SaaS solution to make it easier to front -- to use F5 to front a bunch of applications for which they don’t want to manage the lifecycle of deployable products. And if you look at the 500 customers or so that are on Distributed Cloud today, over two-thirds of them are actually existing BIG-IP customers. So about a third of them are net new customers that had never bought anything from F5 and two-thirds of them are existing BIG-IP customers. And we think actually with both net new and with existing customers there is a lot of growth and that’s where the focus is. And the focus is going to continue to be with large enterprise customers where F5 has a strong presence.
Ray McDonough: I appreciate that. And if I could snick one more in, maybe for Frank. Certainly appreciate the continued focus on operating margins and EPS growth. But can you help us think through how we should think about cash flow margins in fiscal ‘24. I know you typically don’t guide cash flow. But should we think of cash flow growing in line with operating income, ex-some of the tax headwinds you had in fiscal ‘23, any even directional thoughts would be helpful.
Frank Pelzer: Yes. Ray, as you described, I think, that’s roughly correct. You know, cash flow is one of the hardest things for us to, to predict, but those dynamics are it should narrow a bit that net income growth with, you know, with some exceptions to the two tax impacts. Some of the restructuring expense we had last year that we don’t have this year that are real cash, but split out for non-GAAP purposes. So there is a few ins and outs, but it should be roughly, roughly close to that.
Ray McDonough: Great. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Fish with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
James Fish: Hey guys, thanks for snicking me in. I’ll just make it simple here. You know, you guys talked about in the prepared remarks about subscription renewals performing well. Any more color into specifically what products are seeing those better renewals, but the cross-sell that you’re seeing or any qualitative or quantitative color around net retention rates understanding, you, you have this headwind around specifically with the SaaS and MSP business about $65 million. You know, how should we think about that net retention rate within the term business or the aggregate overall when you kind of exclude even the impact of that SaaS please. Thanks guys.
Frank Pelzer: Sure. Fish I’ll start and then Francois wants to add anything that would be great. So you know, within our term subscription business, which is generally our BIG-IP software, as well as NGINX and that’s the expansion rates that we’ve seen. It’s not the easiest like task in the world to convert that term into an ARR type of business, because of all the moving parts, but when we’ve tried to do that and try to convert and look at what would you know an expansion rate would be or net revenue retention rate. It’s north of what you would think of as the industry norm of 120% let me just put it that way. And that combination of where it is, plus our SaaS managed service our net revenue retention rate is still north of that 120%. So that combination you know, is what gives us a lot of visibility and firmness in our expectation of those pieces of the business that will continue to do well.
James Fish: Makes sense. And just on the go-to-market side, any changes in terms of incentives or approach as we turn to page into this next fiscal year and as we have, you know, transitions now within the overall software transition.
Frank Pelzer: The incentive plans between the two years are largely the same Fish. There is always going to be a couple of tweaks here and there as we’re looking and seeing what was successful the year before and not but nothing major.
James Fish: Thanks guys.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Simon Leopold with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Simon Leopold: Great, thanks for taking the question, I just wanted to get a better sense of where the systems business is stabilizing, in that I assume the September quarter did not have much if any backlog drawdown in it. And so, other than maybe some seasonal movement, I’m just trying to get a sense of if sort of it’s you know $120 million to $130 million per quarter level, sort of, the new normal for systems. And then just quickly on how the software is trending with the Silverline exit. Does that manifest itself gradually throughout the year or is that something that shows up in a particular quarter. Thanks for that.
Frank Pelzer: So I’ll start with the first one and then Francois, I don’t know if you want to take the second. But in terms of, what we’ve, what we’ve said I think in both the prepared remarks and some of the answers, we did both -- we do believe that we hit a trough in FY ‘23 in terms of systems bookings. And, you know, what we’re equating that to the term demand. Now the offset or the balance of that is that, there was FY ‘22 bookings they were delivered in FY ‘23. And so the shipments that they actually received, which is the revenue that we recognized that came in in FY ‘23 and started to be utilized. Now, as that utilization started to increase and more capacity was needed, we started to see that come through in Q4, which was our best systems bookings quarter of the year. It looks like on a revenue basis, that wasn’t necessarily the case, but from a demand perspective, our bookings perspective, that was the case. There will still continue to be fluctuations. There’s probably a bit of leveling or even improvement that we’ve seen in the enterprise side. On the SP as Francois mentioned service providers have been hesitant and we expect that to continue on. And in Q1, in particular, you know, we’ve got a federal government that isn’t necessarily functional right now, and we’ll see what that means as an impact to, you know, bookings for systems in Q1 and we’re trying to take that into account, as we, you know looked at the guidance and the expectations. We do expect as we’ve talked about many times in the past, there is that four to six-quarter long and the dynamics that I just talked about explains why sometimes that takes four to six quarters particularly in a supply-chain restrained environment. So we do expect at some point we’re in the that we will pick up in bookings from that Q4 level and then return back to a higher-level. I can’t say normalized level, because it’s tough to know when exactly that will, will take place. But our outlook and our expectation is not that we are going to do $180 million less with systems bookings, our SaaS systems revenue. Our bookings will improve, but the revenue will be down from last year because of that $180 million of headwind.
Francois Locoh-Donou: And to the second part of your question, in terms of Silverline no, it’s not going to be all in one quarter. You know, it’s going to bleed off over the next couple of years, kind of, every quarter. And it’s going to be time with, you know, when customers are at a point where they have to renew or migrate their subscription that there will be a decision point. And so you’re going to see it I think over the next six to eight quarters.
Simon Leopold: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-07-24 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5, Inc. Third Quarter Fiscal 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will [Technical Difficulty] presentation. [Operator Instructions] Also, conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Suzanne DuLong. Ma'am, you may begin.
Suzanne DuLong: Hello, and welcome. I am Suzanne DuLong, F5's, Vice President of Investor Relations. Francois Locoh-Donou, F5's President and CEO; and Frank Pelzer, F5's Executive Vice President and CFO, will be making prepared remarks on today's call. Other members of the F5 executive team are also on hand to answer questions during the Q&A session. A copy of today's press release is available on our website at f5.com, where an archived version of today's audio will be available through October 24, 2023. The slide deck accompanying today's discussion is viewable on the webcast and will be posted to our IR site at the conclusion of our call. To access the replay of today's webcast by phone, dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and use meeting ID 13739739. The telephonic replay will be available through midnight Pacific Time, July 25, 2023. For additional information or follow-up questions, please reach out to me directly at s.dulong@f5.com. Our discussion today will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. We have summarized factors that may affect our results in the press release announcing our financial results and in detail in our SEC filings. In addition, we will reference non-GAAP metrics during today's discussion. Please see our full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation in today's press release and in the appendix of our earnings slide deck. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. With that, I will turn the call over to Francois.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Suzanne, and hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. In my remarks today, I will speak to the quarter's results and the current customer spending environment. I will then highlight some notable customer wins from the quarter, including some emerging areas where we are seeing good early traction. Overall, customer caution persists, with customers continuing to sweat assets amidst tight budgets and lingering macroeconomic uncertainty. Despite the tough environment, our team is executing well and we delivered third quarter revenue at the midpoint of our guidance range, with earnings per share well above the high-end of our range. From a demand perspective, we are seeing some early signs of stabilization. Q3 demand played out slightly above our beginning of quarter forecast, which was up from Q1 and Q2 this year, though still off from FY '22 levels. Our global services team delivered strong 8% growth, driven by a continuation of customer trends from the first half of the year, including strong maintenance renewals and price realization. With customers sweating existing assets, we also continue to see higher maintenance attach rates on all the deployments. Our product revenue grew 1%, with systems revenue growing 5% and software revenue declining 3% year-over-year. While systems revenue is benefiting from supply chain normalization and our efforts to substantially work down backlog, systems demand remains constrained. In contrast, we are seeing some positive signs in software demand. Total software revenue was down 3% year-over-year, against a strong Q3 2022 compare. However, total software grew 32% sequentially. And within software, our subscription software revenue grew 4% year-over-year to a record high of $152 million. This reflects strong growth in our software renewals and interim expansions or true forwards, as well as some stabilization in new term subscriptions from the first half. Moving from revenue to our operating results. We are also demonstrating operating discipline and driving operating leverage. Our Q3 non-GAAP gross margins of 82.5% improved more than 200 basis points from Q2. This was slightly ahead of our guidance and reflects the combination of expected supply chain easing and price realization, as well as some of the ancillary supply chain costs like broker and expedite fees. Finally, working their way out of our inventory as planned. In addition, our Q3 non-GAAP operating margins of 33.2% improved 600 basis points from Q2 and more than 400 basis points from Q3 FY '22. As a result of these improvements as well as some tax favorability, we significantly overachieved our non-GAAP EPS expectations in the quarter and now expect to deliver double-digit non-GAAP earnings per share growth for FY 2023. We believe our growth opportunity is fundamentally linked to the continued growth of applications and APIs and the need to secure, deliver and optimize those apps and APIs. As part of our efforts to capture that growth, we continue to drive innovation, advances and integration across our product families, including F5 BIG-IP, F5 NGINX and F5 Distributed Cloud Services. I will call out some customer highlights from each product family from the quarter. Our BIG-IP family, which serves traditional applications either on-premises, collocated or in-cloud environments, continues to take share from competitors who have failed to invest in innovation. From a hardware perspective, the value proposition with our next-generation platforms is resonating with customers with our rSeries and VELOS platforms, representing more than 70% of Q3 systems bookings. On the software side, BIG-IP's data point performance, automation capabilities and lower total cost of ownership continues to differentiate our offering and drove multiple wins in the quarter, including wins at a major American airline, a multi-national automobile manufacturer and a major UK retail and commercial bank. We also saw strong demand for F5 NGINX in the quarter. NGINX serves modern, container-native and micro-services based applications and APIs. We continue to see large enterprises adopt NGINX for their cloud and Kubernetes workloads. We have repeatedly demonstrated that when applications are built with NGINX from the ground-up, and those apps grow. We grow with them. We saw this in several NGINX growth opportunities in the quarter, including a multi-million dollar term-based subscription renewal that grew by an extraordinary 10x from initial inception. The customer, which provides a large collaboration platform is streamlining deployments in both public and private clouds using F5 NGINX as their single platform for load balancing, cashing and telemetry. Over the last several years, we have invested both organically and inorganically to build a portfolio of SaaS and managed services called F5 Distributed Cloud Services. Since launching distributed cloud in February of '22, we have been expanding our offerings and building momentum for multiple security use cases. A good example of this is a win with a global financial services industry application provider that wanted to standardize its web application firewall and API protection or WAP policies and deployments in APAC and EMEA to reduce time to delivery. Their existing this application (ph) security and complex policy tuning was a challenge as was managing apps and APIs across distributed environments with a small team. Today, F5 Distributed Cloud Services is protecting their apps and APIs with WAP and multi-cloud networking, reducing their time to delivery from months to minutes. It is early days still, but we also are seeing encouraging signs that our distributed cloud services are intercepting the markets, specifically in two emerging categories, API security and multi-cloud networking. On API security, with the growth of modern applications using containers and composed of distributed microservices, the number of API endpoints is exploding. CISOs tell us they struggle to know-how many APIs they have, where they all are, who is connecting to them and to what extent, they are secured. Doing so, requires robust API discovery and protection capabilities like those we offer in our distributed cloud API security service. When a North American service provider experienced a serious cyber security incident, which caused them to lose their entire virtualization infrastructure at multiple datacenters, they turn to us for urgent help. F5 distributed cloud services, superior features, functionality and value beat a competitive offering and we worked with the customer to emergency onboard the platform, including advanced WAP both defense and API security. Once deployed, the customer immediately started migrating sites restoring their services. We are also seeing strong early traction in our distributed cloud multi-cloud networking offerings launched just this past March. 85% of respondents cited in our 2023 State of Application Strategy Report said they already are managing multi-cloud environments, securely connecting applications between on-premises, multi-cloud and edge environments at-scale is a tough task for any organization. Our secure multi-cloud networking solutions changed the game. Our ability to package networking, security, and distribution of applications and APIs is unique. Until now, customers have been forced to manage and secure these layers in isolation, often leading to operational complexity, network latency and weak security. Our multi-cloud networking solutions reduce operational complexity for our customers and make it possible for them to securely connect distributed networks and applications across public clouds, on-premises data centers and edge locations. Customers are beginning to understand the power of our secure multi-cloud networks, ability to provide end-to-end visibility, control and security across all of their applications. This empowers them to move workloads to the cloud between clouds and even through the edge, while maintaining end-to-end visibility and consistent security policy. F5 distributed cloud uniquely unifies the visibility, control and security for every application and API, so that applications can be delivered without constraint and with the security today's threat environment demands. Early traction for our secure multi-cloud networking offerings includes a win with one of the world's largest independent providers of insurance claims management systems. F5's multi-cloud networking now enables their global SaaS offerings. The customer first deployed our distributed cloud WAP in February of 2022, to protect a business critical public-cloud workload. In early '23, the customer was abruptly asked to leave a datacenter forcing them to lift and shift workloads to the public cloud in just two weeks. They used F5 Distributed Cloud for this emergency lift and shift. In fact, the project went so smoothly that they opted to expedite moving their global data centers to public clouds. Now, the customer has standardized on F5 Distributed Cloud for their secure multi-cloud networking needs, spanning across multiple clouds and protecting external and internal applications and APIs. These are just some of the customer challenges we help tackle in Q3. While we are not in a position to predict with precision when customer spending patterns will return to more normal levels, F5 is well-placed to benefit when they do. We are encouraged both by the early signs of stability in Q3 and with the resonance our application and API-focused approach is having with customers. We are making it possible for our customers to secure, deliver and optimize their applications and APIs with a consistent approach, no matter what environment they're deployed in, datacenter, collocated, private cloud or public cloud. And this is a critical capability and differentiator in today's hybrid multi-cloud network world. Now, I will turn the call to Frank. Frank?
Frank Pelzer: Thank you, Francois, and good afternoon, everyone. I will review our Q3 results before I discuss our fourth quarter outlook. We delivered Q3 revenue of $703 million, reflecting 4% growth year-over-year. Our revenue remained roughly split between global services and product with global services representing 53% of total revenue. Global services revenue of $374 million grew a strong 8%, due to continued high maintenance renewals as well as the impacts of the price increases introduced last year. Product revenue totaled $328 million, representing growth of 1% year-over-year. Systems revenue of $155 million grew 5% year-over-year. Software revenue totaled $174 million, down 3% from a tough compare in the year-ago period. Our software revenue is comprised of both subscriptions and perpetual license sales. Subscription base revenue hit a new high in Q3 in both dollars and as a percentage of software revenue. Our subscription revenue totaled $152 million, or 87% of Q3's total software revenue and as Francois mentioned, grew 4% year-over-year. Perpetual license sales of $22 million represented 13% of Q3 software revenue. Revenue from recurring sources contributed 75% of Q3's revenue, which is a new all-time high as a result of the strong subscription contribution. Recurring revenue includes subscription-based revenue as well as the maintenance portion of our services revenue. On a regional basis, revenue from Americas grew 3% year-over-year, representing 57% of total revenue; EMEA grew 16%, representing 26% of revenue; and APAC declined 6%, representing 18% of revenue. Looking at our major verticals, during Q3, enterprise customers represented 66% of product bookings, service providers represented 13% and government customers represented 21%, including 8% from U.S. Federal. Our Q3 operating results were strong, reflecting our previously announced cost reductions and overall operating discipline. GAAP gross margin was 79.8%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 82.5%, an improvement of more than 200 basis points sequentially. GAAP operating expenses were $457 million, non-GAAP operating expenses were $346 million, slightly lower than our guided range and reflecting a partial quarter benefit from the cost reductions we announced in April. Our GAAP operating margin was 14.7%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 33.2%, representing a sequential improvement of more than 600 basis points. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 16.4%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 18.1%. This is below our target range for the year, largely driven by a non-recurring benefit associated with the filing of our annual federal income tax return during the quarter. Our GAAP net income for the quarter was $89 million, or $1.48 per share. Our non-GAAP net income was very strong at $194 million or $3.21 per share, well above the top end of our guided range of $2.78 per share to $2.90 per share. This reflects the combined impact of our gross margin improvements and operating expense discipline as well as a Q3 tax benefit. I will now turn to cash flow and the balance sheet, which also remains very strong. We generated $165 million in cash flow from operations in Q3, driven by our improved profitability and strong cash collections. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $15 million. DSO for the quarter was 56 days, down from 62 in Q2 and closer to our historic range as a result of earlier invoicing related to improved shipping linearity as our supply chain continued to stabilize. Cash and investments totaled approximately $696 million at quarter end. Deferred revenue increased 9% year-over-year to $1.79 billion, driven by the high service maintenance attach rates we've seen throughout the year and continued growth in subscription as a percent of our software mix. As we committed to on our last call, we repurchased $250 million worth of shares in Q3. Finally, we ended the quarter with approximately 6,500 employees, which reflects the headcount reductions we announced in April. I will now share our outlook for Q4. We expect Q4 revenue in the range of $690 million to $710 million with gross margins of approximately 83%. Unless otherwise stated, my guidance comments reference non-GAAP operating metrics with the full quarter benefit from the cost reductions announced in April, we estimate Q4 operating expenses of $338 million to $350 million. Incorporating our year-to-date results, we have now narrowed our estimates for FY '23 effective tax rate to approximately 20% for the year. As a result, we are targeting Q4 non-GAAP earnings in the range of $3.15 to $3.27 per share. We expect Q4 share-based compensation expense of approximately $55 million to $57 million. Year-to-date, we have used 68% of our free cash flow towards repurchases. We remain committed to returning cash to shareholders and continue to expect to use at least 50% of our annual free cash flow towards share repurchases. I will now turn the call back over to Francois. Francois?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Frank. Customers made F5 the standard for securing, delivering and optimizing traditional applications. Now, with compelling and differentiated solutions for modern applications and APIs as well as those mission critical traditional apps, we are being architected into new areas and use cases across our portfolio. Our holistic application and API focused approach enables new found consistency across environments and across hardware, software and SaaS deployment models, which reduces risk, lowest operating cost and delivers better digital experiences. In closing, I ask that you take away three things from this call. Number one, we are seeing some early and encouraging signs of demand stabilizing. Number two, we are seeing demonstrable proof points that the differentiated solutions portfolio we are creating through a combination of organic and inorganic innovation and technology integration is well-aligned with how application architectures are evolving. And number three, we are delivering on the operating discipline we committed to, and expect to produce additional leverage in FY 2024. Operator, please open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question is from Ray McDonough with Guggenheim Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Ray McDonough: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe first for Frank. How did the true forward portion of renewals performed this quarter relative to the last and assuming it is improved, which it seems like it has, do you think we're at the tipping point where customers simply need to add capacity, which will continue to drive relative strength and renewals going forward, or is it too early to tell whether or not that's bottomed?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Hi, Ray. Thank you so much for the question. So the true forwards when we set out our plan at the beginning of the year, we had higher expectations than what we've seen throughout the course of this year. That having been said, it was a strong quarter in a four renewals and included in that. Would be our true forward number. It's early to indicate that we've seen an absolute bottom and things are going to grow from here. When I was incredibly encouraged though from the expansion that we saw in some of our second terms, as Francois mentioned, were quite high on a few large deals. And we are seeing a stabilization right now in the demand environment, which is better than what I can say for the last couple of quarters. So again, early signs, but not yet ready to call it a trend.
Ray McDonough: That makes sense. And maybe if, I could a follow-up for Francois. You mentioned you're obviously seeing signs of macro stabilization here? Can you unpack that a little bit more? I mean, how broad-based is a stabilization maybe from a vertical perspective? And from a product perspective, are you seeing each vertical kind of stabilize, or is there kind of give and takes between where the spending is kind of more firm than others?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Hi, Ray. So, I think it's best to maybe contrast a little, what we saw this quarter versus what we saw in the first two quarters of the year. What hasn't changed for us is this the customers continue to scrutinize spend. We continue to see deals being delayed, some deals being pushed out. And we continue to see a behavior across all verticals, where customers are looking to the first spend as much as possible and sweating their assets, where they can do that. Those behaviors have not changed. And as a result, even though we saw a stronger demand in Q3 than in our first two quarters of the year, demand was still lower than from the 2022 levels. What has changed is, number one, we didn't see things getting worse this quarter and I'm saying in general across verticals than they did in the first half of the year. So, we feel we have kind of reached a stable level. I think in our March quarter, there was a lot of uncertainty, specifically in the financial services sector right after the bank failures. There was uncertainty still about interest rate debt ceiling for -- in the U.S. specifically. And so, spend in financial services almost came to a halt then. That I'm going to call it almost irrationality has come out now. So there is still deal delays and scrutiny. But even though deals are being scrutinized, they are getting approved. So that, specifically for that vertical, I think has changed. And then, I think we've seen in a couple of areas the deals that had been delayed were customers really needed to implement these projects. And they have moved forward with these projects. And I would say that's been the case in financial services and in a couple of other enterprise verticals. Service providers, I would say, are still working to sweat their assets as much as possible, and we're seeing that behavior continue across the board.
Ray McDonough: Great. Thanks for the color. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Samik Chatterjee with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Samik Chatterjee: Yeah. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. And Francois, if I can sort of go back to the comments about the stabilization of demand and dig into that a bit more. I mean you didn't comment about the stabilization in a quarter when we saw systems revenue declined significantly, as you sort of walk -- have walked through the backlog. So I'm just wondering when we interpret those comments related to both hardware and software, is that -- should we be interpreting this as sort of a more normalized mix based on what you're seeing in the macro and that sort of as we think about fiscal '24 means that you're sort of looking at a $700 million or $2.8 billion annualized sort of number as being at least where the floor is where you track be if the macro remains the same? Is that the way to the went to sort of interpret the demand stabilization comment?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Hi, Samik. Okay, so let me unpack that. There was a lot in there. So, when I talked about the demand stabilization, it's really the fact that if you look at the first two quarters of the year, things were getting progressively worse in March than they were in January, and they were worse in January than we felt them were in September. But when you back to where we were at the end of June, we didn't feel things have further worsened. And so, things have stabilized. That's really the origin of by my commentary. As it relates specifically to hardware, Samik, as you know, we have -- demand has been soft on hardware throughout the year. And it's been soft largely because of the macro environment and customers sweating their assets, also customers needed to digest a lot of shipments that we have now been able to make. Customers have made -- placed orders last year, they have not been able to get the equipment and they needed to get the equipment and get it installed and deployed. So all of that is happening. As a result, we have worked through our backlog and our backlog has come down significantly, which is why you're seeing hardware, where it is in Q3. And frankly, when you look at even next quarter, Q4, I would expect hardware to probably be even down from the level that you saw in Q3 in terms of where were demand is at today. As it relates to what this means for 2024, as you would expect, it's too early for us to be gating to 2024. We've said in the past that cycles of this nature in the past have been four to six quarters. We feel we are three quarters into it. So you can infer from that where potentially demand will return. We do expect, by the way, demand to return in 2024. When exactly, we don't know when. But we do expect demand across the Board to return and hardware demand to be higher next year than it is this year. However, I would ask you to keep in mind that because we have been able to ship so much of our backlog, we said last quarter that there would be six to eight points of headwind on total revenue growth next year based on the way we worked the backlog this year. And so, I would keep that in mind when you're thinking about revenue for next year.
Samik Chatterjee: Got it. And Francois, a question that I'm getting a lot from investors really is about AI and their investors are expecting inflection again in terms of application growth because of AI use cases. It's really more about your application security capabilities. How do you think they positioned to navigate sort of that inflection and application growth and how do you think about the challenges in managing that growth as well at the same time?
Francois Locoh-Donou: So, for us in AI, Samik, we're, of course -- I think like a lot of other companies that if we've got focused in three areas, one that I'd say is generics to other companies, which means we are looking to leverage the new capabilities to enhance our productivity. And we -- as you know, we are focused on earnings growth. We said we want to deliver double-digit earnings growth, which we are now confident we will this year. But continuing to drive that, we want to drive more productivity over time. And these tools would help us through that in certain areas. The other two areas that are really specific to our business, Samik, is one, we have been using AI already, especially in our security products. Part of the rationale for the Shape Security acquisition was also to bring in AI capabilities and AI expertise in the company. That has allowed us to profile application traffic at a very granular level, which is an incredible powerful capability. And we're going to enhance these capabilities with new machine-learning models going forward. And I would expect that in security, in particular, you will see us move more and more to AI-enabled security, which is where increasingly what we think it will take to solve security problems. And we have a lot of data being in front of 40% of the world's websites. We have -- sorry borrowing over 300 million website and being is 40% of the world's web application. We feel we have a lot of access to data that can fuel these machine-learning models. We will also see some opportunities in terms of new workloads. So that is still early days and probably harder to define in the short-term, but what we see, Samik happening is a lot of the new AI-related workloads we think have two attributes that will be interesting for F5. Number one is these are kind of next-generation modern workloads built with an API first approach, which will create a lot more API connections and API calls and accelerate this explosion of APIs. Those APIs need to be connected and secured, and orchestrated and we are levered to that opportunity. In API and API security. And number two, these workloads or the data they have to access is quite distributed, which also will accelerate adoption of multi-cloud architectures, and we are levered to that multi-cloud opportunity. And so, we think those two attributes of AI-related workloads will play well to the opportunity for F5 down the road.
Samik Chatterjee: Got it. Great. Thank you. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Simon Leopold with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Simon Leopold: Thanks for taking the question. I was looking at really where the systems revenue had been prior to the pandemic. And wondering how you would think about the idea that a normal revenue run rate might be in that sort of $170 million and $180 million a quarter. Clearly, a lot has changed. Gilbert, since I guess late-2019. Could you maybe help us think about sort of the puts and takes to even if we don't know the timing to sort of get a better sense of what should be the sort of base run rate for hardware?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yeah. Simon, I don't think we're -- we can kind of direct you to what is or should be the base run rate for hardware. But I think what we can share with you is this. Our perspective is that the trajectory of the hardware in terms of the number of units that we have out there should be declining in the mid-single digit percentage. And it could be a little more than that, it could be a little less than that, but it's in that zone. And when you look at the sort of overall normalized trend of the number of units we have under obligation, the number of hardware units that are out there and deployed, the -- and you look at a longer trend in the last couple of years, you'd see that's kind of the trend that we're seeing. Over the last couple of years, if you just look at revenue, of course, there's been substantial disruptions. The pandemic has been a positive one. The supply chain has been a negative one. The macro has been a negative one. But if you ignore the short-term disruption, then you just look at a long-term trend of the number of hardware units you have out there, you should think about it as a kind of declining in the mid-single digits. Now I would add though, Simon, that part of what we think is an important strength of the F5 model is that we now deploy in hardware, in software and Software as a Service. And we're seeing that customers really value the flexibility that they have in the F5 model because not all applications are in the same environment, and they want the ability to something to have applications funded by hardware in their private data centers and maybe other applications supported by software or SaaS. And we're seeing inside of a single large enterprise two or three of these deployment models come through. And what customers value is the consistency of delivery policies and security policies across these consumption models. And so we're going to continue to offer this flexibility and its core to how we intend to continue to drive earnings growth in the business.
Simon Leopold: That's helpful. And just maybe as a follow-up, in terms of the software trajectory, what sort of signals might you suggest we look for in terms of sort of things getting better and things getting back on normal apart from just sort of the macro? What kind of advice would you give to the analysts?
Frank Pelzer: Simon, in terms of specific metrics, more to come. In terms of the delivery approach that Francois was describing, one of the reasons why we have gotten away from trying to specifically guide to a mix is because, again, we give customers flexibility and we do not try to specify which one we think is the better approach. We leave that to the customer to make that decision for themselves. And so we will see some fluctuation and volatility between what software and what’s hardware. I think when we actually see the SaaS business, particularly around Distributed Cloud, over the next few years become much more substantial, that volatility will continue to decrease as more and more of that business will come to us in a ratable fashion. And so as that business continues to grow, you can be looking to us for more metrics around that. That will give some more forward looking points -- data points where that expectation and that software revenue will come.
Simon Leopold: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from James Fish with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
James Fish: Hey, guys. Following up on a few of the questions asked here already. But what are you seeing demand wise or demand stabilization between the product side, meaning on the ADC side versus security? And really asking also, what percentage of your customers are actually using products from both as we're trying to understand what penetration opportunity you guys have left?
Francois Locoh-: Hey, Jim. So let me give you a sense by product in terms of what we're seeing in terms of demand. So we're -- as I said, the hardware demand has been soft. Where it has been the softest is in the ADC space, where customers are really looking to delay purchase orders and where they can sweat their assets. Security -- stand-alone security has been more resilient than in ADC. But the security that is attached to ADC, of course, is affected in the same way that ADCs are. We have also seen strong demand for NGINX. We had quite a strong quarter on demand for NGINX for largely modern application deployments, as well as renewal and expansion from existing opportunities. And where we are seeing also very strong growth, but of course, on a small base is in our distributed cloud opportunity, which is really in security, offering application security in front of us, a lot of applications but deployed as a service; increasingly seeing more opportunities for API security, which is a nascent but growing and exciting market; and also securing multi-cloud networking, so connecting applications across cloud and doing so in a secure way. These areas are growing rapidly but from a small base, and this is where we're seeing a different trend in demand. That, I think, is kind of -- when you look at the overall portfolio, this is how we see the various demand levels.
James Fish: Makes sense. And Frank, maybe for you. You guys keep mentioning expansion opportunities and expansion rates being pretty strong. I know you're not quantitatively giving them, but can you qualitatively kind of give us some color around what you saw versus the first half of the year with net retention rates, be it on recurring revenue or just the recurring software piece? And also trying to understand how much of growth is being constrained by the transition to recurring sources, particularly the SaaS side of things, as you collect more revenue over time but less upfront. Thanks, guys.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Sure. So yes, that dynamic, I will be excited to see, Jim, but we have not yet seen that, where the SaaS piece has overtaken the term-based subscription side of the business. That still is the majority of our software revenue. In terms of net retention rates, it was strong in the quarter. That part is part of our renewal base of revenue, which has been, frankly, much closer to plan than new business. New business activity was challenged in the quarter in relation to what we expected to do at the beginning of the year but much better than what we had seen in the first half of the year. And so in totality, again, the net retention that we have seen in our recurring base of revenue and the renewal base of revenue has been growing and strong. But the new business opportunities that we see, those are the ones that are still challenged in relation to what we expected to do at the beginning of the year. But they were largely in line, slightly better than the revised expectations that we set last quarter.
James Fish: Thanks, Frank.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks. Maybe first question, was there any difference in the mix that you ended up seeing in the quarter versus expectation? I guess I'm just asking because the backlog seems to have been exhausted. But yes, the systems number was maybe a little bit lighter than expected. So just are more customers kind of opting now for virtual editions as they move back towards kind of thinking about hybrid cloud? And then I have a second question just on -- you made a point of talking about the share gain opportunities. Just what has been the best entry point or targeted sales program to kind of identify and go after some of those customers? Thanks.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you. And in a way, your two questions are related because it comes down to this flexibility of the model we've built, of offering hardware, software and SaaS. So, to the first part of your question, was there any -- relative to our expectation in terms of the mix, hardware/software. Look, I think we were pleased to see that a couple of the bigger software deals that we have been expecting for a while actually did come through and were not delayed. And so that helped the overall software performance for the quarter and we think also speaks to the stabilization in terms of customers. Still not returning to, of course, '22 level in terms of new projects and starting these new especially big software transmission projects, but at least the ones that are absolutely necessary for customers to move through with them. So that's on the software side of things. I think on hardware, things -- we had expected to be shipping our backlog throughout the year, and we're pleased that we're able to do that. We're pleased that we are returning to normal lead times. Our lead times are almost at normal levels at two weeks, which is really important for our customers to get their equipment because we think that will be a catalyst for future demand once they've digested these projects and implemented them. In terms of share gains, Meta, we have -- so in the ADC -- traditional ADC market specifically, we believe that we are gaining share, largely because of the investments we've made in next-generation platforms and next-generation software and the flexibility of the model we are delivering. So Meta, we have rolled out rSeries and Vellos platforms this quarter. I think over 70% of the shipments that we made in hardware were on the new rSeries platform. So adoption of that platform has been phenomenal. We think it's the fastest adoption we've seen in a transition like that ever. And it speaks to the capabilities of these new platforms and the new software that brings cloud-like benefits to the hardware on-prem environment. And so the combination of these investments we've made and the CapEx model, the OpEx model that we offer, continuing to offer perpetual and subscription models, really is powerful. And relative to our competitors in the ADC space, we are taking share, and in some cases, specifically taking customers away coming to F5 because of the investments we've made. We are also going strongly after the WAF market, that is Web Application Firewall, API security, DDoS and bot protection as a service. This is a market, Meta, where we are a new entrant with distributed cloud, but we are gaining customers very rapidly and aggressively attacking the incumbents in the market. We are quite differentiated in API security and bot defense in particular and also in networking applications between cloud, the secure MCN opportunity being a new and emerging market where Distributed Cloud has a very strong offering. So these are areas where we feel we are gaining share, and hopefully, we’ll continue to gain share in quarters to come.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Alex Henderson with Needham & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Alexander Henderson: Great. Thanks. So last year, you had a pretty steep decline in your systems business. You cited the supply chain, and now you're up low-single digits and you're suggesting that your backlog has already been resolved, that really doesn't imply a particularly strong headwind as we go forward of 6% to 8%. So can you reconcile why that headwind of 6% to 8% would be there given you haven't really produced meaningful strong top line growth in that business? And then conversely, you're citing a 6% to 8% headwind going forward. Your comps on the software side were extremely difficult over the last year but now have gotten quite easy with declines in the September quarter last year and are setting up for pretty easy comps over the next year. So if I look at the software side of it, is it reasonable to think that we're going to now see a meaningful shift to software growth, and therefore, it's still possible to produce revenue growth on the product side as we go into 2024? I know you don't want to give guidance, but you have given guidance on 6% to 8% headwind. And so what should we be thinking about as the offset to that in these easy software comps?
Frank Pelzer: Yeah, Alex. It's Frank. I'll start and see if Francois wants to add anything. But the long and short, the 6% to 8% is more specific to the systems business, and that's specifically related to the level of backlog that we had going into FY '23. And so obviously, it's been a boost to our recognized revenue in relation to where the demand has been for FY '23. But going -- looking ahead at FY '24, that's the 6% to 8% that we've referenced, which is largely associated with the hardware business. The demand side of the equation has been challenged in both. Obviously, it's -- have been better in Q3 than what we saw in the first half of the year. But it stabilized at a lower -- much lower level than where we were in FY '22. And so we do expect there to be a change and we do expect specifically in systems to see a much larger change than where we have been in FY '23 in terms of demand. But that intersection between that 6% to 8% total revenue headwind that we saw as recognition in '23 that will not be there in '24, that's the piece where we're hesitant to know exactly what point in '24 we'll see that change in the systems there. On the software side of the equation, we have seen great traction. Obviously, in the renewals as we mentioned, we have seen a challenging new environment so far. That will likely also change. But we are seeing that change likely come more in the form of SaaS revenue, which we'll not necessarily recognize in the same rate in FY '24 as what we've seen in our term-based agreements. And so it's too early to tell right now exactly how that will all play out. We'll have more to talk about that in the next -- on the next call, but that's the early indication and the way to reconcile some of the comments that we made.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Frank. I would just add so that it's absolutely clear. When we talk about, Alex, the 6 to 8 point headwind, it's not demand headwind. We -- in fact, we expect demand next year in hardware to be higher than this year. But it is a shipment headwind that's impacting recognized revenue. So wanted to be clear about that.
Alexander Henderson: So just to clarify, it sounds like you don't expect your software revenue to recover enough to offset the headwind on hardware. And it sounds like your hardware expectations for demand is less than the headwind as well. Are we thinking that the outlook should be fairly flat or even down on the revenues? Because that's the implication you're giving us on these commentary relative to the product side of the equation.
Francois Locoh-: Well, look, Alex, we're not ready to guide for 2024. We're -- what we've said about the 6 to 8 point headwind on total revenue is no different than we said last quarter. And it is simply math that we say, look, we want to make sure that one knows that the -- this year, given that we're shipping all of our backlog, we're shipping the equivalent of 6 to 8 points more of revenue than the demand we've had for -- from hardware. We're not ready to guide for where revenue would be in 2024, but it's clear that, that 6- to 8-point headwind is going to challenge growth for next year. That being said, I also want to be clear, we have been on a march of double-digit earnings growth, and we want to remain on that march. You saw that we took a number of actions to drive earnings growth this year, and we're confident we'll achieve double-digit earnings growth. We had said from 2022 when we started with the supply chain challenges that we expected to work through these challenges in our model and start showing the improvements in the back half of 2023. And you're seeing this quarter gross margin made a step improvement as they -- we started to work out through these expensive components, and we have been quite disciplined around price realization with the price increases that we drove last year. And you saw also that operating margins made a 600 basis point jump sequentially. And we expect to continue this operating leverage next year. So this is the -- our plan on continuing to drive earnings growth.
Alexander Henderson: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Ng: Hey. Good afternoon. I just have two questions. The first is on this trended software. It's clear you had strength in renewals and true-forwards. I think last quarter, there was some weakness in new deals. I was just wondering if you were seeing some improvements there and whether you think software revenue can grow in the September quarter? And then I just have a quick follow-up.
Frank Pelzer: Sure, Michael. Thanks for the question. Yes, we did see an improvement in the new business activity, though it was still down from where we were a year ago. And so it was a positive sign to see, again, as Francois mentioned earlier, some of the irrationality come out of the buying behavior. Still many more deal approval levels than what we would have seen a year ago, but the deals are actually getting approved. So we're really happy to see that come through. And we're obviously not guiding to a mix on software versus hardware sequentially. But we do have a lot of faith in the software business. Obviously, last quarter was a challenging quarter. This quarter came back closer to the expectations that we have for the business. And we'll talk more about the actual outcome next quarter.
Michael Ng: Great. And I just wanted to circle back on some of the double-digit earnings growth commentary. I think in the past, you guys have said you expect double-digit earnings growth for fiscal '24 as well, more so on cost cuts, recognizing the uncertainty on the top line. Is that still the case? And do you still expect at least 300 basis points of margin expansion next year? Thank you.
Frank Pelzer: Absolutely. So yeah, Michael, when we made those comments, obviously, we had had an outlook of 7% to 11%. We're higher now on EPS for where we're going to be in FY '23. We're really happy about that. Some of that is coming from the tax benefit. And so when we take a look at our pretax income for FY '24, it's certainly our aspiration to be double-digit. How the things like tax and share repurchase and stock price as those share repurchases come into play, it's just too early to give any specific guidance further than that on FY '24. But we're really, really happy with the progress that we made, the leverage that we're seeing, particularly in our gross margins and operating margins. It's exactly what we thought was going to happen, and more to come on FY '24.
Francois Locoh-: If I go on the second part of the question around operating margins, look, we said we expected operating margins in 2024 to be around 33%. And we still feel that, that opportunity is there and we intend to drive to that.
Michael Ng: Thanks, Frank. Thanks, Francois.
Operator: Due to time constraints, our last question is from Sebastien Naji with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Sebastien Naji: Hi. Thanks for squeezing me in, guys. Can you maybe just talk a little bit about how competition for F5 has changed, particularly as you enter some of these new markets like API security, multi-cloud networking? And then maybe expand a little bit on some of the key points of differentiation as long to take share a few comments here.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes. Can you just repeat the first part -- the beginning of the question?
Sebastien Naji: Yeah. Just maybe could you talk a little bit about how competition has changed as you entered some of these new markets around API security, multi-cloud networking, et cetera?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yeah. Thank you. So like -- so in API security, it's a nascent market. There are a few start-ups that are in the mix, but what -- a couple of things about API security. One is it is a big data problem because you have a lot of API -- companies are dealing with a lot of API calls, and detecting threat patterns requires really being able to find a needle in a haystack sometimes with sophisticated attackers. And so to really win in API security, you really have to have AI and ML capabilities as well as the capacity to mitigate these attacks. And where F5 is differentiated is in our ability both to discover APIs and all the API patterns and then to protect against API attacks and mitigate potential attacks. And we're seeing that players that don't have the capabilities to do both don't have the same kind of competitive position. So that's where the landscape is in API security. And we're progressing quickly as well in the market now with distributed cloud. In the multi-cloud networking space, it's again an emerging market, but we think it's going to grow rapidly because we're seeing most of our customers are now using multiple clouds. In our latest state of application security -- state of applications strategy report, we found that close to 90% of our customers are now using multiple clouds. And increasingly, they need to connect applications or portion of applications across these clouds. And what we're seeing in the competitive landscape there is there are a couple of players that have capabilities to do that really at Layer 3, at the networking layers, maybe Layer 3, Layer 4. But we are seeing increasingly enterprise need not just Layer 3 to Layer 4 networking, but also Layer 7 security to really connect these applications securely and one has to go with the other. And essentially, F5 is now with all of the integrations we've made on our Distributed Cloud, taking from our organic innovation and thinking from our acquisitions, from Shape and Treadstack and Volterra and some capabilities from BIG-IP, we're essentially the only player today that can secure application and APIs across cloud, across any environment and connect these applications and APIs across cloud in any environment securely. And we think that, that is where this market is going to play out going forward. So we're pretty excited about our opportunity in the space.
Sebastien Naji: Great. Thank you. That's very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-04-19 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. And welcome to the F5, Inc. Second Quarter Fiscal 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Also, today’s conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Suzanne DuLong. Thank you, ma’am. You may begin.
Suzanne DuLong: Hello and welcome. I am Suzanne DuLong, F5’s Vice President of Investor Relations. François Locoh-Donou, F5’s President and CEO; and Frank Pelzer, F5’s Executive Vice President and CFO, will be making prepared remarks on today’s call. Other members of the F5 executive team are also on hand to answer questions during the Q&A session. A copy of today’s press release is available on our website at f5.com, where an archived version of today’s audio will be available through July 24, 2023. The slide deck accompanying today’s discussion is viewable on the webcast and will be posted to our IR site at the conclusion of the call. To access the replay of today’s webcast by phone, dial 877-660-6853 and or 201-612-7415 and use meeting ID 13737373. The telephonic replay will be available through midnight Pacific Time, April 20, 2023. For additional information or follow-up questions, please reach out to me directly at s.dulong@f5.com. Our discussion today will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. We have summarized factors that may affect our results in the press release announcing our financial results and in detail in our SEC filings. In addition, we will reference non-GAAP metrics during today’s discussion. Please see our full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation in today’s press release and in the appendix of our earnings slide deck. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. With that, I will turn the call over to François.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Suzanne, and hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Our team delivered second quarter revenue at the midpoint of our guidance range and earnings per share above the high end of our range. These results come despite persistent macro uncertainty, which has led to broader and more severe customer budget scrutiny, impacting both our software and hardware demand. We have strong conviction that customers constrained spending is a temporary headwind and that we are well positioned as a trusted and innovative partner for customers as they look to secure, scale, modernize and simplify their hybrid and multi-cloud application environments. In my remarks today, I will speak to the quarter’s results, the near-term spending dynamics we are seeing and why we remain confident in our positioning and growth opportunities longer term. First, on our Q2 performance. We delivered 11% revenue growth in Q2 as a result of stronger-than-expected system shipments and strong maintenance renewals. Our systems revenue grew 43%. As positive as this is for the quarter, it is more a reflection of our team completing comprehensive board redesign efforts ahead of plan than it is a demand marker. You will recall that last year, rather than just wait for supply chain to improve, we initiated multiple board redesigns with a goal of designing out the hardest to get components and opening up new supply. The successful completion of this work is making it possible for us to fulfill waiting customer orders sooner than we anticipated, and as expected, we have seen no order cancellations in the process. Our Global Services revenue grew 8%, driven by continued strong renewal rates, which improved across nearly all cohorts. Wrapping up our Q2 results, we also delivered OpEx within guidance and non-GAAP EPS of $2.53 per share, above the top end of our guidance range. So the quarter’s results were strong, but they obscure underlying customer spending patterns. Since our December quarter, we have seen customers scrutinizing budgets and deferring spend for anything except the most urgent projects. These dynamics were even more pronounced in Q2 when we saw previously approved projects going through multiple additional levels of approvals. In some cases, approvals are reaching the C suite or Board level only to be delayed or downsized. The impact of this extreme spending caution is most evident in our Q2 software revenue which declined 13% year-over-year. This was well below our expectations for the year and our long-term growth expectations. We believe there are several reasons why we are seeing this kind of impact in our software revenue. These include the relative size of the software projects we tend to be involved in and the percentage of our software revenue derived from term subscriptions. First, the majority of our software growth to-date has come from transformational type projects of size, often six-figure or seven-figure deals. We are seeing larger projects come under more scrutiny, resulting in delays, sometimes by multiple quarters or downsizing into smaller, more incremental additions. Second, the majority of our software revenue comes from term-based subscriptions, which have upfront revenue recognition. As a result, when we see a decline in new term-based subscriptions as we have in the last few quarters, it is immediately evident in our software revenue and much more so than it would be if our software was predominantly ratable or SaaS driven. Now there is some good news to point to in software. We have a base of software renewals, which is growing. Our renewals consist primarily of second term multiyear term subscriptions, and similar to Q1, in Q2 our software renewals performed largely as expected. In addition, our SaaS and managed services revenue is growing and we expect it will become a more significant and predictable contributor to our software revenue over time. The spending patterns I have described were not limited to our software demand. We also experienced softer systems demand in the quarter as customers push the capacity of their existing systems, sweat their assets and work to deploy delivered systems into production. We expect these headwinds on both software and systems will persist at least through the end of this fiscal year. As a result, we now expect low-to-mid single-digit revenue growth for FY 2023. This is down from the 9% to 11% growth we previously forecasted. I will now speak to my third point, why we are confident that current demand environment is temporary and why we are uniquely positioned to help customers simplify their hybrid multi-cloud challenges. We are confident that current demand levels are temporary for several reasons. First, because of the direct commentary we are getting from customers. Customers are telling us that the delays we are seeing are a matter of budgets and approvals, not competitive pressures or architectural shifts. During Q2, I met personally with roughly 100 customers and partners. It was clear from my discussions with customers that they expect F5 will be a key part of their future hybrid and multi-cloud architectures as the only company capable of securing and delivering applications and APIs in all environments. Partners too are leaning into the new F5 and our rapidly expanding set of distributed cloud services are accelerating that movement. Second, because of our win rates. While the direct customer commentary is reassuring, we also consistently analyze our win rates. When we look at the first half of FY 2023 compared to the first half of FY 2022, we see broadly steady win rates across our theaters and product lines, confirming we continue to win our fair share of the deals we are involved in. Third, our factored pipeline, which accounts for the probability of a deal closing is up from where it’s been in the last couple of quarters, suggesting customer activity is increasing and deals are reaching a higher level of maturity. This too is encouraging, but given what we have seen in the first half, we believe it is prudent to remain conservative on expected conversion of respective pipeline. Fourth, our strong maintenance renewal signal customers are delaying purchasing decisions by sweating assets. We see this in the substantial attach rate increase on all the deployments where you would expect the behavior of sweating assets would be most pronounced. We also are seeing a substantial increase in deferred maintenance revenue compared to prior year trends. This behavior is consistent with what we have seen during past periods of macro uncertainty, with apps and APIs continuing to grow. However, customers can only postpone investment so long if they want those apps and APIs to remain performant and secure. In the meantime, we are focused on controlling the things we can control, including operating with discipline and ensuring we are prepared for when customer spending resumes. This includes reducing our cost base. We are reducing our global headcount by approximately 620 employees or approximately 9% of our total workforce. We expect these actions, combined with other cost reductions, including rationalizing our technology consumption, applying additional scrutiny to discretionary projects and reducing our facilities footprint will drive ongoing operating leverage. In addition, we are substantially reducing the size of our corporate bonus pool in 2023 and further reducing travel. As a result, we expect to deliver FY 2023 non-GAAP operating margins of approximately 30% and non-GAAP earnings growth of 7% to 11%. Further, the leverage from these cost reductions, combined with our anticipated gross margin improvement, positions us to deliver meaningful non-GAAP operating margin expansion and double-digit non-GAAP earnings growth in FY 2024. While customers are spending only were critical near term, they continue to face significant challenges ahead, including creating engaging digital experiences, managing resource constraints and addressing technical debt. Their business velocity and long-term growth will rely on finding ways to connect and protect applications and APIs across distributed environments. With our unique ability to secure and deliver applications and APIs across all environments, we are differentiated in our ability to help customers with these challenges. We believe this position will drive sustainable long-term growth. As we have evaluated and adjusted our business in addition to reducing cost, we have also intensified our investments in areas we believe will drive the highest mid- and long-term impact for our customers, including software and hybrid and multi-cloud. Now I will turn the call to Frank. Frank?
Frank Pelzer: Thank you, François, and hello, everyone. I will review our Q2 results before I speak to our third quarter outlook and provide additional color on our FY 2023 expectations. We delivered Q2 revenue of $703 million, reflecting 11% growth year-over-year. Global Services revenue of $363 million grew a strong 8% due to the high maintenance renewals and the impacts of the price increase introduced in Q4 of last year. Our revenue remained roughly split between Global Services and product with Global Services representing 52% of total revenue. Product revenue grew 14% year-over-year, reflecting strong system shipments against an easier comparison in the year ago quarter. As François described, our successful redesign efforts enabled systems revenue of $209 million, representing growth of 43% year-over-year. At $132 million, Q2 software revenue was down 13% compared to last year. Let’s take a closer look at our software revenue, which is comprised of subscription and perpetual license sales. Subscription-based revenue, which includes term subscriptions, our SaaS offerings and utility-based revenue totaled $109 million or 83% of Q2’s total software revenue. Within our Q2 subscription business, as François described, near-term subscriptions performed significantly below plan in the quarter. In contrast, and similar to last quarter, software renewals continued to perform largely in line with our expectations. Perpetual license sales of $23 million represented 17% of Q2’s software revenue. Revenue from recurring sources contributed 65% of Q2’s revenue. This includes subscription-based revenue, as well as the maintenance portion of our services revenue. On a regional basis, we saw growth across all theaters, though I’d note that these trends are more reflective of shipments in the quarter than current demand. Revenue from Americas grew 7% year-over-year, representing 54% of total revenue; EMEA grew a strong 22%, representing 27% of revenue; and APAC grew 9%, representing 18% of revenue. Looking at our major verticals. During Q2, enterprise customers represented 67% of product bookings, service providers represented 13% and government customers represented 20%, including 6% from U.S. Federal. I will now share our Q2 operating results. GAAP gross margin was 77.9%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 80.4% in line with our guidance for the quarter. GAAP operating expenses were $441 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $374 million, in line with our guided range. Our GAAP operating margin was 15.1%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 27.2%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 25.1%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 20.8%. Our GAAP net income for the quarter was $81 million or $1.34 per share. Non-GAAP net income was $154 million or $2.53 per share, above the top end of our guided range of $2.36 per share to $2.48 per share. This reflects improved operating margins from strong cost discipline, as well as a benefit to our tax rate in the quarter. I will now turn to cash flow and the balance sheet, which remains very strong. We generated $141 million in cash flow from operations in Q2. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $11 million. DSO for the quarter was 62 days, flat with Q1 and up from historical levels, primarily due to strong service maintenance contract renewals in the quarter and, to a lesser degree, back-end shipping linearity. Cash and investments totaled $760 million at quarter end. We did not repurchase any shares in Q2. We remained out of the market as we analyze the potential impacts of the cost-saving measures we discussed previously, as well as the changes we were seeing in the demand environment and its effects on our outlook. Deferred revenue increased 12% year-over-year to $1.8 billion, up from $1.76 billion in Q1. This increase was largely driven by substantially higher maintenance renewals on our installed base of products sold four-plus years ago. Finally, we ended the quarter with approximately 7,100 employees. This number does not reflect the reductions we announced today. We expect these headcount reductions will result in annualized savings of approximately $130 million. We expect to incur approximately $45 million in severance and benefits costs and other charges related to these actions in FY 2023. I will now share our outlook for Q3. Unless otherwise stated, my guidance comments reference non-GAAP operating metrics. We expect Q3 revenue in the range of $690 million to $710 million, with gross margins of approximately 82%. With the partial quarter impact of our announced cost reductions, we estimate Q3 operating expenses of $348 million to $360 million and our Q3 non-GAAP earnings target is $2.78 per share to $2.90 per share. We expect Q3 share-based compensation expense of approximately $60 million to $62 million. Finally, we plan to repurchase at least $250 million worth of shares during Q3. We remain committed to returning cash to our shareholders and continue to expect to use at least 50% of our annual free cash flow towards share repurchases. I will now speak to our FY 2023 expectations. We expect low-to-mid single-digit revenue growth in FY 2023. Given our first half results and the environment for new software projects, we no longer see a path to 15% to 20% software growth in FY 2023 and are not offering guidance for the second half product revenue mix at this time. Based on current visibility and our earlier than anticipated systems recovery, we expect to see lower systems revenue in Q3 and Q4 than in Q2. We expect that we will continue to substantially work down our systems backlog over the second half of FY 2023. We expect FY 2023 non-GAAP operating margins of approximately 30% and non-GAAP earnings growth in the range of 7% to 11%. Incorporating our year-to-date results, we have narrowed our estimate for our FY 2023 effective tax rate to 21% to 22% for the year. I will now turn the call back over to François. François?
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Frank. Like last quarter, I’d ask that you take away three things from this call. We believe the current demand environment is temporary and while we cannot predict when it will recover, we are confident it will for the very simple reason that applications and APIs continue to grow. We are also confident that as customers resume more normal levels of investment and begin to take on the challenges associated with hybrid multi-cloud environments, we will be a differentiated partner for them. And finally, while we have implemented cost reductions and continue to strive to achieve double-digit earnings growth, we also have intensified our investment in areas we believe will be most impactful for our customers over the medium- and long-term, including software and hybrid and multi-cloud. Operator, please open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Sami Badri with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Sami Badri: Thank you. I had two questions. First thing, maybe, Frank, you could help us just understand modeling parameters for the year, and the reason why I ask that is, we were not really forecasting a fairly large growth contribution from services revenue, and that’s clearly looking like that’s changing as of fiscal 2Q and into the second half of the year. What should we be assuming for services growth now, given things have changed and customers are fitting assets? And then kind of backing into product, how should we be -- I think you made a comment saying you weren’t going to make guidance for software growth into the second half of fiscal year 2023 for software. But I kind of just need a little bit more color on that, just given the systems commentary as well? And then I have a follow-up after this.
Frank Pelzer: Yeah. Sure, Sami. So we did not update the mid-single-digit outlook that we did update in Q1 on services. Obviously, we outperformed that in Q2, and for all the dynamics that you highlighted, we continue to think services contribution is going to be strong through the course of the year as customers continue to sweat assets and particularly when we look at some of the aged assets and their decisions around that. And so, we don’t have an update, but I think that mid-single-digit is well intact and we will see what happens. Specifically, we did not give any guidance on mix and product, and the results of looking at that services growth to what the product growth will be in that mix, I will leave that to you to model. But we are not giving any specific guidance to what we think software growth is going to be for the balance of the year and our systems growth for the balance of the year.
Sami Badri: Okay. Got it. And maybe a question for François. I think one thing we really kind of want to know is, if you were to think about which customer industry group really caused the majority of the drag or the impact to the revision of the guide for fiscal year 2023, which customer cohort or customer vertical really kind of caused that if you could put your finger on one?
François Locoh-Donou: Thanks, Sami. For a couple of indicators on that. The first is, what we have seen in our second fiscal quarter is, this pullback in spending has been broader and more severe, frankly, across all verticals and all geographies, and so I would say all protocols and geographies are affected at this point. If I had to pull out a couple, I would say, the financial services in the -- especially in the second half of March, where we saw a number of our deals being pulled out, delayed or downside or delayed by multiple quarters. Financial services was impacted prior to the collapse of SVB, but we did see even more caution in the financial services industry after that, and we expect that will persist. The other vertical Sami, that I would call out is service providers, where we had a number of customers that had expectations around their budget, I would say, in our fiscal Q1 or calendar Q4 and when the budgets were settled in the February timeframe, the budgets were a lot less than they expected. And that’s driven by, I think, in some cases, certainly in the MSO sector, cable sector worries about our service provider customers perhaps losing or reducing the growth on the highest margin customers and we are seeing that also in with certain mobile operators around their planned spend on 5G. So that’s -- I would say those are the two verticals that perhaps have been where we have seen perhaps the strongest differential between where they were in Q1 and where they are today.
Sami Badri: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Ray McDonough with Guggenheim Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Ray McDonough: Great. Thanks. Two if I could. The first one, François, can you comment or maybe even for, Frank, can you comment on how or if new business declines accelerated from last quarter, I believe. And with that, I also believe a part of the renewals that you expected to come in came from the true forwards. How have they performed versus expectations from the beginning of the year and is the move towards optimizing cloud spend from customers impacting those true forwards at all given pricing is somewhat based on what customers consume per year in those contracts?
Frank Pelzer: Ray, I will start, and certainly, François, wants to pick up he can. I think we saw a challenge in new business sales in both Q1, as well as Q2. Did it accelerate in Q2? Probably slightly versus our expectation, but not necessarily when you take a look at the raw number. So that’s how I’d answer that one for you. I think in terms of your second question around spend. On the true forwards that we saw, those were slightly below our expectation level. We do keep that in the renewal bucket. And so when we said that it largely performed to our expectation, that was the one piece that did not perform to our expectation where we think that people are being a bit more critical around their consumption and being much closer to what they had planned to consume and not going over and that’s not what we experienced up until this year.
Ray McDonough: Okay. That makes sense. And then maybe a follow-up, Frank, for you. Can you help us on the direction of cash flow margins for this year and where you think that can go? You have the benefit of supply chain challenges subsiding somewhat at least. You are lapping the initial cohort of term license renewals and now you have the benefit or will have the benefit of some of the cost reductions hitting this year that you are putting in place. So is it reasonable to think that a mid-20% cash flow margin is achievable this year or is there still some noise in the model that would preclude you from hitting that sort of target or range?
Frank Pelzer: Yeah. Ray, so we don’t specifically guide to cash flow and I think the dynamics that you mentioned are the similar ones to the ones that we are experiencing. So we did have some unusual cash hits to last year in relation to component costs and other supply chain challenges that we do anticipate are going to work their way out of our model by Q4. You saw some of that happen in the Q2 timeframe, you will see more of that happen in Q3. But we don’t guide to a specific margin percentage, because we don’t guide to cash flow.
Ray McDonough: Okay. Thanks for taking the questions. Appreciate it.
Frank Pelzer: Sure.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Tim Long with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Tim Long: Thank you. I have two as well on software. First, you guys said a few times the renewals came in as expected. It would be helpful if you could give us a little color about what you were expecting there, were you expecting them to be down or up? So any color you can give us on what your kind of expectations were for the renewals business? And then second, similar to a previous question, but if you could talk about kind of the weakness more on the product and solution lens. So how much of this is the core virtually do you see, how much of this is maybe not fully monetizing in NGINX, how much of this is not really able to bundle other software offerings on top of virtual ADCs. So anything you can give us kind of on that, what’s missing when you look back at the acquisitions and what it was supposed to do for the software business, what’s not happening? Thank you.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Tim. I will start with the second part of your question and Frank will come back to the renewables question. So if we could -- so let me start with the product piece. Where we have seen an impact in is, in the ADC area we are impacted both on hardware and software. And then -- what I mean by that is really traditional ADC, both systems and software. And we are seeing very strong evidence that this is our customers sweating their assets and we are seeing that from the service renewals and the attach rates. In some cases, where we are able to measure it, we can see the utilization of some of our platforms have gone higher than customers would typically go and even in customer conversations, it is clear that where they can avoid spending right now, they are avoiding it or delaying making these purchases later. In security, part of our security business is attached to ADC and that part of the business we have seen an impact and it is affected, and we are also seeing a bigger impact in the service provider vertical in security, whether they have tried to reduce their CapEx pretty quickly. Our software security business is more resilient, and our SaaS and managed services security business actually continues to grow, albeit at a lower rate than last year, but continues to grow. So if you parse it out, I would say, those are the areas, and of course, NGINX, we have continued to see growth there. Of course, the growth rate is also impacted, but we continue to see growth there. When you step back from this then and you mentioned the overall portfolio and acquisitions. We are absolutely clear and it’s the feedback from our customers that the world is going more and more to hybrid cloud and multi-cloud and the portfolio that we have assembled is essentially the only portfolio in the industry that can secure and deliver every application in any one of these environments, private cloud, public cloud, increasingly at the edge in any consumption form factors, so hardware, software and SaaS. And so we feel very good about the portfolio we have and how it’s positioned to drive the architectures of our customers going forward, where we think we are seeing the more severe slowdown in the short-term, is in ADCs, where customers can actually perhaps sweat the assets for a little longer, but we expect that demand will resume in short order.
Frank Pelzer: And Tim, on the maintenance -- the renewal question, I am going to separate out the maintenance renewals, which have obviously been quite strong on the services side and the software renewals, which are also strong, and the your saying, what are your expectations? When you think about the way we have talked about businesses, STPs [ph] have been the predominant amount of growth that we have seen in our software business and that’s the majority of what comes up for renewal in any given quarter. Those have performed largely to our expectations, and in many cases, growing from the levels that they were when they ended year three. There has been some this year where we have taken a look at years two of the agreement and year three of the agreement, where that true forward amount has not been up to the level of expectations that we had that we modeled from previous years as people are very critical on trying to consume very close to what they have contracted for. And so we are not seeing the same overages that we have before, and we think that’s probably indicative of the same way that cloud providers are seeing their consumption. So when we say the renewal base, the renewal base is up substantially last year as expected as this is the first full year of STP sales when we take a look back three years ago as a comparison.
Tim Long: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Samik Chatterjee: Yeah. Thank you and hi. Thanks for taking my questions. I guess for the first one, I think, just to clarify, I think, François, you made a comment about fiscal 2024 talking about double-digit earnings growth. Just wanted to see sort of how you are thinking about topline sort of underpinning that expectation? I know you talked about gross margin improvement, as well as operating margin, but sort of maybe give us a bit more color about how you are thinking about the topline underpinning that guide? And I have a follow-up. Thanks.
François Locoh-Donou: Samik, I missed part of the question, but is it about topline in fiscal 2024?
Samik Chatterjee: Yes. I think you made a comment about double-digit earnings growth. So just curious sort of how you are thinking about the topline as you talked about margin expansion being the key driver there?
François Locoh-Donou: Yeah. So look, Samik, when we look at fiscal 2024, of course, we are not in a position or have the visibility really to guide to the topline for 2024. But I can give you just a few pointers here. It is clear from the -- from where we are at with our ability to ship today that we will ship the vast majority of our backlog in fiscal 2024, either by the end of the third quarter or the end of the fourth quarter, sorry, by the end of fiscal 2023, sorry, by the end of Q3 or at the end of Q4 fiscal 2023. So when you look at that on a normalized backlog level in 2024, clearly, that’s going to represent a headwind to revenue growth in 2024 in the order of 6 points to 8 points of growth given that dynamic. On the other hand, we also see that the -- we are seeing a lot of projects that are delayed and our view is that customers can only sweat their assets for so long. And that, at some point, demand is being pent up and demand is going to pick up. When that is going to happen is a bit of an uncertainty, but it’s reasonable to assume that we would see some of that at some point in 2024. So I can’t give you a position on revenue growth for 2024, but what we can control, of course, is our cost base and you see that we have made an adjustment to our cost base that will give us meaningful expansion of operating margins in 2024 and secure our ability to deliver double-digit earnings growth in fiscal 2024.
Samik Chatterjee: Okay. Thank you. And so for my follow-up, I mean, it was on the cost structure, obviously, with some of the actions you are taking and the rules you are sort of taking out, you will operate at a much lower level of operating expense as a percent of revenue than you have historically. I mean, how much of that is sort of sustainable and you can operate at that level for a multiyear period versus just more of a function of how you are looking at the macro and trying to be more conservative around it, like, is there a more structural upside to how you can -- how you think about margins in operating at a lower cost structure?
François Locoh-Donou: Well, a couple of things there, Samik. Number one is, our objective has been and continue to be to drive operating leverage in the business and we think from where we are at today at the 30% operating margin for the year. If you look at it in the second half of the year, it’s going to be -- the first half was in the 26%, 27% zone, the second half of the year is going to be meaningfully higher than that when you look at the full year being at 30% and from there our intent is to drive further operating leverage in 2024 and beyond. And we see the opportunity to do that with a combination of getting more efficient in our business and driving productivity, as well as continuing to drive topline growth. We said at our Analyst Day in 2020 that we were going to invest in driving some efficiencies and costs out of the business. We have been doing that. Today, we are announcing some changes to our cost base, but whilst we are doing that, we are also doubling down on investments in automation that will allow us to drive operating leverage going forward. So we see that as an ongoing journey of driving operating leverage, which we will -- you will start to see the benefits of that in the second half of this fiscal year, but that will continue in 2024.
Samik Chatterjee: Okay. Thank you. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from the line of Simon Leopold with Raymond James. Please proceed with your questions.
Simon Leopold: Thank you very much for taking the question. First, it does seem as if there’s maybe a bit of a potential conflict in sort of the tone of really describing the situation that’s temporary, but taking this the action of cutting staff levels and cutting expenses, because I guess the expense cuts sort of implies something about the duration of how you see the risk. And I just -- I have heard everything you have said, I just feel like maybe it would be helpful to get a little bit more handholding on how you are thinking about the duration and what led you to make the decision. Maybe it’s -- where are the cuts coming from, I appreciate you can’t give us all the detail, but a little handholding would help to sort of help understand the potential conflict there?
François Locoh-Donou: Simon, thank you for the question. So let me start with saying, when we looked at our -- we spent quite a bit of time in the first half of our fiscal year looking at the demand signals that we were seeing from our customers. And if you recall, Simon, last year, we have challenges on our revenue in the second half of the year that were driven largely by issues of supply. And at the top, we said, we did not want to reduce our staffing levels, because this was not a demand issue, it was a supply issue. We also said at the time that if we did see a softening in demand, that that would cause us to relook at our cost base and potentially address our staffing levels and that’s exactly what we are doing. This year, we are seeing a softening of demand and whilst we appreciate that, that is driven by macro environment and it is temporary, we are also being quite disciplined about driving our earnings performance, but also ensuring that in this environment. We are operating as lean as we can be and as lean as we should be and that’s what’s driven our approach to reducing our staffing levels. We do feel that with these staffing levels we are well positioned to drive growth and capture the opportunity when demand levels normalize and our customers are ready to spend. In terms of giving you a couple of pointers, Simon, on where we have made some cuts? It’s across the Board. But if I park it in roughly three categories. In G&A, we have looked at increasing productivity and driving some efficiencies and just being able to rationalize the G&A organization for the size of the company we are post these cuts. In sales, we are -- we have looked at realigning or consolidating some territories and we are configuring some of the roles in our go-to-market to have a leaner go-to-market motion and having focus on the territories that will drive the best returns in the near- to medium-term. And then the product organizations, we have looked at all R&D projects that we have underway and really are focusing on the ones that will drive the best returns and where we have made cuts is on those projects that are perhaps more speculative or have longer term returns. And all of those really amount to us focusing on our top priority projects, and really being leaner and positioned for when demand will normalize. I would add that whilst we are doing that, we are doubling down on investment in our software, our hybrid and multi-cloud portfolio, because we are seeing growing evidence from customers from architecture conversations that we are ideally positioned for where their applications are going, where the security challenges are going, which is really about securing and delivering apps not in a single infrastructure environment, but across multiple public clouds, private clouds in the edge and being able to network all these environments together and I think we are in a unique position in that, so we are continuing to make these investments.
Simon Leopold: That’s very helpful. So thank you for that. And just one quick follow-up, I know you mentioned that you thought you would have backlog normalized either at the end of the third quarter or fourth quarter, certainly, in fiscal 2024. Can we -- can you quantify where backlog was at the end of the March quarter?
Frank Pelzer: Yeah. Simon, we are not in the -- our normal course is not to update backlog in any one particular quarter. We talk about it at the end of the year. We tried to highlight to people during this particular call that we did expect to be through most of our shippable backlog by the end of the fiscal year, whether that’s Q3 or Q4, I can’t tell you. But we didn’t quantify where we were at the end of Q1 and we are not quantifying where we are at the end of Q2.
Simon Leopold: Thank you for taking the questions. Thank you.
François Locoh-Donou: Yeah.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks. A couple for me, maybe to start with, you mentioned that customers are kind of running their networks at higher utilization of the F5 equipment. Just wondered if you could give a sense of is that matching kind of previous levels that you have seen in prior kind of macro pullbacks or just kind of where we are on kind of how hot they are running their networks versus peaks that we have previously seen if there’s any way to contextualize that maybe as a first question?
François Locoh-Donou: Yeah. I would say on that front we were -- the sample size of customers where we have really the ability to see that and understand that is limited. But for those where we can see it, we have a number of customers that are getting close to or exceeding kind of, I want to call it a red line, but the maximum they would have normally gone to in normal times and so that just points to us that, at some point, they will expand capacity. And this is consistent actually with what we have seen in prior macro slowdowns where customers have tended to sweat their assets in this way. And in the past, when we have seen customers sweat their assets this way, we have seen it happen for four quarter to six quarters. Now every micro slowdown is different in shape and in different in how it plays out, but that’s what we have seen in the past. What we are also seeing made a kind of evidence to this behavior is that the attach rate -- the services attach rate that we see on our platforms, especially the platforms that are four years old and beyond, we are seeing the attach rate on this platform -- the maintenance attachment on these platforms go up, which is also very typical of customers sweating these older assets for a little longer and that, again, is consistent with what we have seen in prior micro slowdowns. So all of that points to us that that’s the behavior of customers that they are sweating assets. That is not a change in their thinking around architecture or a change really in our competitive position. We are seeing customer’s kind of hunkering down with us for a period of time.
Meta Marshall: Got it. That’s helpful. And then maybe as a follow-up question. Obviously, a lot of your software revenue tied to kind of the cloud transformation projects are now being delayed a little bit with cloud optimization projects. But is there a way to -- are -- is that largely virtual ADC projects, which are being kind of postponed, but security projects are going ahead. I am just trying to get a sense of is this kind of across the Board or are there certain secure or certain projects that are more security attached that are getting higher prioritization. Anything that that would be helpful in terms of what software projects are getting approved versus not?
François Locoh-Donou: Yeah. I think, so our security software business has been more resilient. I would say, all -- we are seeing all product lines affected, but our security software business has been more resilient. And for managed services and Software-as-a-Service part of our business, which is still a small part of our business overall, but we are seeing that, that is affected, but continues to grow. Where we are seeing the biggest impact, Meta, is in these large multimillion dollar, multiyear project that typically include our ADC solution and it could be ADC and attached security, but these projects have enormous scrutiny. We have seen a couple of them where they are approved all the way up to the CIO only for the COO or CEO or the Board to come and say, we are not doing this project. And of course, that happens with these multimillion dollar projects, but it doesn’t happen as much with normal deals that are a few hundreds of thousands of dollars. In fact, our -- this quarter, the number -- if I just speak in terms of volume, the number of multiyear subscription software deals that we did was up significantly relative to a year ago. But when you look at it in terms of dollars, because the large multimillion dollar projects were those that were most affected or postponed, you saw the impact on our software revenue. So that’s the difference we are seeing in terms of the scrutiny on the smaller deals versus the big multimillion dollar deals. And those deals from the feedback we are getting from customers are not getting -- going away, they are essentially delayed by one or multiple quarters. But we do see that demand coming back down the road.
Meta Marshall: Great. Helpful color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Due to time constraints, we will take our last question from the line of James Fish with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
James Fish: Hey, guys. Most mine have been asked, but just wanted to follow up. François, you actually made the comment that you expect some of the -- maybe it was Frank, some of the working capital stuff to kind of work itself out by fiscal Q4 and I know you don’t want to talk about backlog specifically, but it sounds like if it’s going to work itself out by fiscal Q4 that we should expect to kind of exit the year at a more normal backlog level now. Is that the right way to kind of think about it at this point?
Frank Pelzer: Yes. Jim, that is the right way to think about it.
James Fish: Okay. And just lastly, I know you called out SaaS being more resilient and that it’s still growing on a year-to-year basis. Just given now that, that’s become a more resilient part and it seems like it should be at this point a material part of the business. Any further color as to what percentage of the total recurring software business is now overall and if it grew actually sequentially?
Frank Pelzer: Yeah. Jim, we have not split that out and we are not currently splitting that out now. In terms of growth year-over-year, yes, but we just have not split that out yet.
James Fish: Okay. Understood. Thanks, guys.
Operator: This concludes today’s call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-01-24 15:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the F5, Inc. First Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Suzanne DuLong. Thank you, Suzanne. You may begin.
Suzanne DuLong: Hello, and welcome. I am Suzanne DuLong, F5's Vice President of Investor Relations. François Locoh-Donou, F5's President and CEO; and Frank Pelzer, F5's Executive Vice President and CFO, will be making prepared remarks on today's call. Other members of the F5 executive team are also on hand to answer questions during the Q&A session. A copy of today's press release is available on our website at f5.com, or an archived version of today's audio will be available through April 24, 2023. Visuals accompanying today's discussion are viewable on the webcast and will be posted to our IR site at the conclusion of our call. To access the replay of today's webcast by phone, dial (877) 660-6853 or (201) 612-7415, and use meeting ID 13735357. A telephonic replay will be available through midnight Pacific Time, January 25, 2023. For additional information or follow-up questions, please reach out to me directly at s.dulong@f5.com. Our discussion today will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in the press release announcing our financial results and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. With that, I will turn the call over to François.
François Locoh-Donou : Thank you, Suzanne, and hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Against the backdrop of a continued tough environment, our team delivered first quarter revenue at the midpoint of our guidance range and earnings per share above the high end of our range. We came into Q1, expecting we would see deteriorating close rates and that the dynamics concentrated in EMEA and APAC in Q4 would spread to North America. In Q1, we experienced heightened budget scrutiny and more pervasive deal delays across all geographies. The dynamics are particularly challenging on larger transformational-type projects, which for us tend to be software focused. Like last quarter, new multiyear subscriptions were most affected. We noted last quarter that we were not planning on year-over-year growth from new software business this year. However, in Q1, it was down a double-digit percentage year-over-year. Based on customer feedback, we believe we are seeing the impact of financial decisions resulting from broader economic uncertainty, pervasive budget scrutiny and spending caution as opposed to technological, competitive or architectural decisions. In contrast to what we saw on new software business, software renewals performed largely as expected in the quarter. At the same time, improving supply chain conditions aided our hardware revenue, making it possible for us to ship systems to waiting customers. In addition, our Q1 maintenance renewals were particularly strong, which in the past, has correlated with customers' sweating assets. Despite the environment, we continue to expect 9% to 11% revenue growth for the year, albeit with a different mix than we initially forecasted. Given the demand trends of the last quarter, it is challenging to call our revenue mix with precision. However, with supply chain improvements and the benefit of our system redesign efforts coming to fruition, we continue to see a second half acceleration in our systems revenue. In addition, based on the solid maintenance renewals we experienced in Q1 and our forecast for Q2, we expect global services revenue will be stronger than we initially anticipated for the year. As a result, we expect the combination of stronger systems revenue and global services revenue to offset software headwinds in the year. We also continue to expect non-GAAP earnings growth in the low to mid-teens for FY '23. We remain to maintaining double-digit non-GAAP earnings growth this year and on an annual basis going forward, and we will continue to evaluate our cost base and take further action as needed to achieve this goal. In the current environment, customers are focused on minimizing their spend and optimizing their existing investments while also continuing to drive revenue. We are confident that we are well positioned to help them do exactly that. For instance, during Q1, we closed a significant multi-cloud networking win with a Tier 1 North American service provider. The customer selected F5 Distributed Cloud Services as the core for its next-generation managed service offering based on the platform's ability to deliver a scalable, agile and dynamic infrastructure. This is the second such win for the platform. F5 Distributed Cloud Services makes it possible for service providers to monetize their substantial network investment, including investments in 5G. The platform enables a managed service offering that solves critical challenges for enterprise customers like simplifying the deployment and operations of applications across multi-cloud and edge environments. Customers also remain focused on application security and F5 Distributed Cloud Services is also winning security use cases. In Q1, a healthcare customer selected our managed web application firewall and API protection solution after a proof-of-concept evaluation against both their incumbent CDN provider and a cloud-native solution. The customer selected FI Distributed Cloud Services because it proved more effective against threats while also being easier to manage. Our solution also met the customer's stringent regulatory requirements. Finally, customers are focused on total cost of ownership. As a result, we continue to drive good traction with our next-generation hardware platforms, rSeries and VELOS. These next-generation platforms can dramatically reduce customers' total cost of ownership by offering cloud-like benefits for on-premises systems. Clearly, the enterprise spending environment has changed from six months ago. That said, the breadth of our portfolio positions us well. The number of applications continues to grow, and those applications and the infrastructure needed to deliver, secure and manage them continue to get more complex. Customers need a partner like F5 who can help them simplify, reduce our cost of ownership and make the most of the budgets they have. Our broad solutions portfolio, combined with the consumption model flexibility we offer, squarely addresses these requirements. Now I will turn the call to Frank. Frank?
Frank Pelzer : Thank you, François, and good afternoon, everyone. I will review our Q1 results before I speak to our second quarter outlook and provide some additional color on our FY '23 expectations. We delivered first quarter revenue of $700 million, reflecting 2% growth year-over-year. Global services revenue of $360 million grew a strong 5% in part due to the high maintenance renewals François mentioned and also reflecting previously announced price increases. Our revenue remained roughly split between global services and product, with product revenue down slightly year-over-year reflecting softer demand across all geographies and representing 49% of total revenue in the quarter. Continued supply chain improvements enabled systems revenue of $173 million, down 4% year-over-year. Q1 software revenue grew 3% to $168 million, against a tough comp last year. Let's take a closer look at our overall software growth. Our software revenue is comprised of subscription-based and perpetual license sales. Subscription-based revenue, which includes term subscriptions, our SaaS offerings and utility-based revenue totaled $129 million or 77% of Q1's total software revenue. Perpetual license sales of $38 million represented 23% of Q1 software revenue. Within our subscription business, as François noted, new multiyear subscriptions performed significantly below plan in Q1, while renewals performed largely as expected. Revenue from recurring sources contributed 68% of Q1's revenue. This includes revenue from term subscription, SaaS and utility-based revenue as well as the maintenance portion of our services revenue. On a regional basis, revenue from Americas was flat year-over-year, representing 57% of total revenue. EMEA grew 14%, representing 26% of revenue and APAC declined 7%, representing 16% of revenue. Enterprise customers represented 62% of product bookings in the quarter, service providers represented 21% and government customers represented 17%, including 6% from U.S. Federal. I will now share our Q1 operating results. GAAP gross margin was 77.9%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 80.4%, in line with our guidance for the quarter and below where we expect to be for the year. GAAP operating expenses were $454 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $378 million, in line with our guided range. Our GAAP operating margin was 13%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 26.5%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 24.5%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 21.4%. GAAP net income for the quarter was $72 million or $1.20 per share. Non-GAAP net income was $149 million or $2.47 per share, above the top end of our guided range of $2.25 to $2.37 per share. EPS was aided in part by currency gains related to a weaker U.S. dollar in the quarter. I will now turn to cash flow and the balance sheet. We generated $158 million in cash flow from operations in Q1. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $13 million. DSO for the quarter was 62 days. This is up from historical levels, primarily due to strong service maintenance contract renewals in the quarter and, to a lesser degree, back-end shipping linearity resulting from ongoing supply chain challenges. Cash and investments totaled approximately $668 million at quarter end, reflecting the paydown of approximately $350 million in term debt remaining from our Shape acquisition. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately $40 million worth of F5 shares or approximately 263,000 shares at an average price of $152 per share. Deferred revenue increased 12% year-over-year to $1.76 billion, which is up from $1.69 billion in Q4. This increase was largely driven by particularly strong service maintenance renewal sales reflecting the trend of customers sweating their existing infrastructure while recalibrating budgets. Finally, we ended the quarter with approximately 7,050 employees. I will now share our outlook for Q2. Unless otherwise stated, my guidance comments reference non-GAAP operating metrics. We expect Q2 revenue in the range of $690 million to $710 million, with gross margins of approximately 80%. We continue to expect our gross margin will improve in the second half of the year for two main reasons. First, we expect some of the ancillary supply chain-related costs like expedite fees will begin to abate; second, with our engineering efforts to redesign around some of the more challenged components nearing completion, we expect to be less dependent on the broker market where cost for critical parts has been exorbitant. We estimate Q2 operating expenses of $368 million to $380 million, and our Q2 non-GAAP earnings target is $2.36 to $2.48 per share. We expect Q2 share-based compensation expense of approximately $64 million to $66 million. Given our Q1 results and our Q2 expectations, I also want to elaborate on our FY '23 outlook. We continue to expect revenue growth of 9% to 11% for the year. Given the demand trends we have seen in the last four months, we expect our FY '23 revenue mix will reflect revenue contribution weighted more towards hardware and services and less towards software than we expected a quarter ago. Our FY '23 software growth is likely to be lower than the 15% to 20% we initially expected due to budget scrutiny and project delays, pressuring new software contracts. This is offset by the probability of stronger systems growth given supply chain improvements and the benefit of our system redesign efforts coming to fruition. In addition, based on the strong maintenance and forecast for Q2, we now expect Global Services growth of mid-single digits, which is up from low to mid-single digits growth we forecasted previously. As François noted, we continue to expect non-GAAP earnings growth in the low to mid-teens for FY '23. We remain committed to maintaining double-digit earnings growth this year and on an annual basis going forward. We will continue to evaluate our cost base and take further action as needed to achieve this goal. I will now turn the call back over to François. François?
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Frank. In closing, I would ask you to take away three things from this call: Number one, that despite the environment, we remain committed to delivering double-digit earnings per share growth this year and on an annual basis going forward; number two, while we believe 9% to 11% revenue growth for the year is achievable, if we get demand signals that tell us it is not, we will exercise operating discipline and adjust our cost base in order to achieve our earnings goals; and number three, we have built a strong business model with nearly 70% recurring revenue, product revenue that is split 50-50 between hardware and software and global services revenue that has proven durable. The result is a diversified and resilient revenue base, which when combined with operating discipline enables us to drive revenue and earnings growth in this environment. Operator, please open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Sami Badri with Credit Suisse.
Sami Badri: All right. Thank you very much for the question or at least opportunity to ask questions. I have two. First one is, could we just decompose the services revenue growth? You mentioned price increases and then maintenance renewals. Could you kind of split that reported number into each -- like what was stronger? Was it more renewals, et cetera, if you can just decompose that? The other question I have is, clearly, the IT landscape has shifted. And I think the big question myself and other investors are asking ourselves is if there is incremental risk through the year as far as demand or demand signals changing unless just say they get worse, how will those signals manifest themselves into F5's business and results? And a good example, a question we get is, if things decay or deteriorates, does that mean that product orders sitting on your backlog get canceled? Is that the -- is that kind of the deterioration that would yield that kind of output? I mean to get your comments on those two questions.
Frank Pelzer : Sure, Sami. So I'm going to start with your first question, and then I'll let François take the second. It's Frank. So we didn't give an exact split out, but I would say it's roughly even between the two. I think the renewal rates continue to go up, particularly on those services business, and we've seen less discounting, given the environment that we see of people continuing to sweat assets putting focus on that and taking the price increases that were put in place a couple of quarters ago, and we're starting to see the benefits of that come through to the services revenue. So I'm not going to give you the exact split, but I would think of them as roughly equal between the two, and I'll let François refer to your second question. .
François Locoh-Donou: I mean in terms of the overall environment, yes, the overall IT spending environment has deteriorated quite meaningfully over the last six months. And we're seeing that mainly in terms of softer demand than clearly what we were seeing six months ago. Now the way you would see that in our results, it's not in order cancellations because the appliances that our customers buy from us are typically mission-critical to deliver on applications that actually need the capacity. So we haven't seen any trend in order cancellations nor do we expect to see any of that. In fact, our customers have been pressing us to ship to them the backlog that we have built over the last couple of years and a lot of the orders that displaced that we haven't delivered on. And so we continue to work hard on our improvements in supply chain in order to be able to meet that. Where you are seeing this different environment in our results, and clearly, we're seeing a number of software projects that have been delayed, a lot more scrutiny on deals and that is actually affecting our software growth rate and you're seeing that in the results. And we've seen it, frankly, across the board in terms of softer demand in software, but also softer demand in hardware this quarter than we had a quarter a year ago.
Operator: Our next question is from Tim Long with Barclays.
Tim Long : Two, if I could, sorry. Could you talk a little bit about the software businesses, kind of which pieces of it you're maybe seeing more of an impact than others? Is it some of the SaaS businesses or it sounds like a lot of the term deals? But anything you can split apart there to let us know on that. And then related to that, what -- why are we still talking about the distinction between hardware and software? I don't think you guys really sell the solutions that way. So could you just give us an update why we still need to look at that distinction?
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Tim. I will take your two questions. So let me start on the question on what -- where are we seeing the softer demand on software. I think if we split the software between existing contracts that have renewals or to forward or expansion versus new contracts, the renewal business on existing contracts largely performed as expected and where we saw most of the softer demand was on new contracts and new projects, which we had said, we expected this year in the past three years, new software business had grown pretty significantly year-on-year. We expect it coming in the year that new software project would be flat year-on-year. And what we saw in the first quarter was more of a -- it was down double digits relative to last Q1. So this is where we saw more of the pressure. Whether it affected more of the SaaS business or the term subscription business, I would say, it was quite indiscriminate across product lines, what we saw. But of course, the most significant impact in terms of in-quarter revenue was really in this multiyear term subscription deals. That's really what was a bigger impact on Q1 revenue. In terms of the hardware software distinction, Tim, it's a good question. Look, I think this year, certainly, and there was also that effect last year that there is a dynamic around hardware where last year we had a lot of demand that we couldn’t really ship because of supply chain issues and this year we are looking to improve on our supply chain and be able to ship all the orders that we've had in our backlog. And we've made a lot of progress on the supply chain to be able to do that. But it's true that a lot of our customers consume both hardware and software. We think that's going to continue to be a trend from our customers towards more software-first environment. And that's because of the way they want to consume the technology ultimately. But when we look at the total performance of the company, we focus less on that distinction than driving earnings growth and specifically double-digit earnings growth, and we're absolutely committed to driving that regardless of the dynamics between hardware and software.
Operator: Our next question is from Alex Henderson with Needham.
Alex Henderson : Great. helping you address a little bit about what your backlog in systems looks like. I think it was running 40% to 50% of four-quarter product sales in systems. And I was hoping you could give us some insights there in terms of what the backlog is at? And then second, obviously, getting the rSeries out in March of last year was an important milestone, but there was a lot of application functionality that you needed to get built into it in order to solve individual customers' needs in order to replace the iSeries. And I was hoping you could give us an update on where you are on that? And do you think that, that then creates post, say, the June quarter, a refresh cycle on the large installed base of iSeries?
Frank Pelzer: Yes. Alex, let me start with the backlog question. I'm going to turn it over to François for your second question. So on backlog, what we've talked about is that we will disclose that once a year if it's material, meaning more than 10%, but we weren't going to talk specifics in any one given quarter. I will say similar to Q1 last year, where we talked about percent move up, we were down a bit more than 10% this quarter in backlog from where we ended in Q4, and that was largely a result of our ability to ship based off of some of the product redesigns that we were able to achieve. And so we were quite happy with seeing that reduction in backlog from a customer satisfaction standpoint. And then François, I think we'll talk to your second question.
François Locoh-Donou: So Alex, on the rSeries, there were -- there have been two factors that have sort of gated the ramp and growth of the rSeries over the last several quarters since we launched it. First is what you mentioned, the number of use cases and applications that rSeries could cover relative to the iSeries. And second was our ability to build and ship rSeries, which has been significantly constrained with some of the components. The good news is both of these factors are going away over the next couple of quarters. So on the supply chain factors, we are seeing better component availability and also access to broker markets where we are still constrained. We still have constraints on rSeries. We still had in Q1, and [we're still having] but a lot of the redesigned efforts that we have already done will be complete by the end of our second quarter. And so we are seeing lead times on rSeries will be improving in our second quarter and beyond. And then the second aspect in terms of the application, the number of use case that rSeries can cover will pretty much be at parity with iSeries, if not in the June quarter, in the September quarter. So in both cases, there's a lot of progress. There is a lot of demand for rSeries. And I think you should expect that rSeries will certainly grow into FY '24 to become the vast majority of what we ship in terms of appliances.
Operator: Our next question is from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.
Samik Chatterjee : I guess for the first one, if I can, François, ask you to sort of share a bit more color on in terms of budget scrutiny, which regions as well as customer...
Frank Pelzer : Samik, we're having a hard time hearing you. You may want to speak up.
Samik Chatterjee : Can you hear me now?
Frank Pelzer: Yes, much better.
Samik Chatterjee : Yes. So first question was really more about sort of François' comments on the budget scrutiny that you're seeing, which regions and maybe customer verticals as well, are you seeing the most sort of scrutiny from? And where do you stand in relation to like as you sort of are in the early days of fiscal 2Q in terms of either quantifying it in terms of a sales cycle or conversion cycle? Are you continuing to see those sort of conversion cycles get extended or time line get extended? Or are you starting to find a sort of levels set to a longer duration in terms of the conversion cycle? And I have a follow-up.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Samik. So in terms of where we saw softer demand in software, it was across the board in terms of verticals and geographies. So if you remember in Q4, I said the international EMEA and Asia Pacific, in particular, were quite affected we actually did see that clearly in North America as well this quarter. And it was also, I would say, across most of our verticals. I think it was more pronounced in the technology sector, large tech companies going through substantial revisions of their budget and to some extent, I would say, financial services. These are perhaps where the effects were more pronounced.  In terms of the rest of the year, it's too early to have full visibility on the rest of the year. I would say our expectation is that the dynamics that we have seen in our first fiscal quarter as it relates to software will largely continue in our second fiscal quarter. But beyond that, it's too early to speak to the visibility.
Samik Chatterjee : Got it. Thanks for that, François. And for the follow-up, I mean, you mentioned customers are sweating the assets a bit more, which is sort of you are recapturing some of that on the services side. But in terms of the systems demand, and there is obviously a supply chain piece here. But what -- how are you thinking about sort of the upside to system demand as some of the maybe software transformation projects get delayed and drives some level of sort of utilization of hardware appliances, which always had sort of great performance? So how are you sort of looking at the upside on the system side from that delay as well? What -- how would you quantify that?
François Locoh-Donou: I think, Samik, the -- in terms of the system demand, as we said earlier, we also saw softness in systems demand this quarter. So this effect on budgets and scrutiny from our customers at large affected both the software and the hardware demand to an extent. The upside in demand, frankly, is -- sorry, in in hardware revenue for the year is we said at the beginning of the year, we felt our hardware revenue forecast was really a shipping forecast. And the upside and the stronger second half that we see in hardware is really driven by ability to ship more hardware. So you should see a step increase in our hardware revenue in Q3 and Q4 from the first half of the year because of the improvements we've made on supply chain. In terms of demand specifically, I don't think the pressures on software would necessarily create stronger demand on hardware at this point in time in the environment because I think our customers are really trying to sweat their assets and try and limit the utilization to not exceed the capacity that they already have in place to the extent they can. I think that can only go on for so long, at which point they will have to buy and add capacity. But I do think that -- the improvement in supply chains and as lead times improve, we will see some demand that is latent that has been gated by the fact that we're not able to ship. So a lot of customers because we haven't been able to ship orders that they place two, three, four, five months ago, and they haven't been able to project or implement our solution or not able to place the next order. And I think as we resolve that, we should see some improvement there in demand from these customers.
Operator: Our next question is from Amit Daryani with Evercore.
Amit Daryanani : I guess I have two as well. François, maybe just going back to this product systems discussion a little bit. Yes, the risk of the fear folks would have is listen, if the macro remains soft and IT budgets remain under pressure, why wouldn't customers push out or sweat the appliances more. And so then maybe just about how do you have confidence that this appliance or systems business recovers in the back half if the macro remains challenging and the backlog can remain strong.
François Locoh-Donou: Well, I would say, look, where we have strong visibility is for us to achieve the revenue forecast we have in hardware, we don't necessarily need a very strong fundamental recovery in hardware demand than we have today because of the visibility we have on revenue and our ability to ship, including our backlog. In terms of what I think -- there's a real question as to when do I think this recovers and demand picks up again. It's difficult to predict. But what I can tell you is that the fundamental drivers of what gets customers to buy hardware or software are still there. They are tied to the growth in applications and applications continue to grow the complexity of these applications. And the deployment models, the fact that these applications increasingly live in hybrid and multi-cloud environments. All of these drivers are fundamentally there. So demand can be suppressed for a period of time, a couple of quarters, three quarters, four quarters. But where we have a ton of confidence is that it is going to come back because the fundamental drivers of our business and what our customer is doing are still there and will continue, including, I should say, attacks on applications that drive demand for security for applications. So all of those things are part of what gives us a lot of confidence that it's going to come back. In this current environment, the fact that we've built the flexibility that we have built around our consumption models and our deployment models, plays very well because some customers have pressures on CapEx, others on OpEx and our ability to serve them one way or the other is one mitigant, if you will. And it's one of the aspects that we think provides the resilience that you're seeing in our business and operating model.
Amit Daryanani : Got it. That's really helpful. And then if I just touch on the software side. I know you folks talked about in the ability -- the growth will be sub the 15% to 20% range that you talked about previously. Is there anything about what the new range would be? Or what does the trajectory of software look through fiscal '23? And then does this alter at all what you're seeing your longer-term expectations you've had from the software business beyond just this year?
François Locoh-Donou: Let me start with the last part. It does not alter our long-term view, Amit, because of the drivers that I've just taking you through. We think our customers will continue to deploy software in -- sorry, we'll continue to deploy our software in cloud and hybrid cloud environment. We think that the architectures are evolving to be multi-cloud architectures, and that absolutely favors that if I go back to where we were five years ago when we were hearing customers and why everything is going to go to a single cloud location, and we're not sure we're going to need an F5 ADC. Today, we are positioned where the architectures are going. They're going to multi-cloud. We're very well positioned in these architectural conversations. And so what we're not seeing is the shift away from F5 from an architecture perspective, we're seeing just financial decisions and pressure. So we're very confident that the drivers of long-term software growth for F5, security, modern applications and multi-cloud environment are going to be there and drive the 20% plus growth that we've talked about in the long term -- in the shorter term. Yes, we have said it's less likely that we will be in the 15% to 20% range we've mentioned. There is a path to get there. It's a narrower path than it was a quarter ago because it would imply a change in the second half in terms of the demand patterns that we have seen on software. And so whether things would rebound this quickly for us to be able to see that. That's unclear, and that's why we're saying that it's less likely that we would deliver 15% to 20% growth. You will note, however, Amit, that the -- I mentioned our business and operating model earlier. Part of the benefit of the balanced model that we have built is you're seeing the improvements we've made on supply chain allow us to have perhaps upside on the hardware revenue and also upside on the services revenue. So on balance, we feel our 9% to 11% revenue range is still achievable.
Operator: Our next question is from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley.
Meta Marshall : Maybe two questions for me. One, if you could just kind of lay out maybe most often what some of these larger new software deals are associated with, are they tied to kind of cloud migrations or security upgrades or kind of thinking about hybrid architectures, that would just be helpful to kind of figure out what other indicators we could be looking at when thinking about the software -- new software growth coming back? And then maybe just on the second question. Product gross margins are staying depressed for a little bit longer. Just how are you guys thinking about kind of the progression of getting rid of some of these supply chain costs or broker fees throughout the year just to the time that it might take to get back to some of the product gross margins we've seen in the past?
François Locoh-Donou: Thanks, Meta. I'll take the first one. Frank will take the second one on gross margins. The -- so the large software projects that are tied to all of the factors you mentioned, but typically infrastructure modernization or application modernization. So these would be companies that are -- that have had, say, our hardware in their environment, and they're deciding to move in a partially or wholly to a software-first environment. This could be a private cloud or it could be a public cloud implementation with lift and shift. More often than not, they are actually setting up the software environment whilst keeping part of their application estates on hardware. So they will pick a set of applications that we really want to modernize and move to an environment that's more automated, whether it's in a public cloud or even in their own private cloud whether it's higher levels of the automation that gives them faster time to market, better deployment time frames and cetera, et cetera. So that's the type of project for the large kind of multiyear subscription. We have also a number of other projects that are now with NGINX. There are just typically new applications, new modern applications that have been in test and development, and they're moving into production. And when they move into production, there is a need for strong networking and security capabilities that NGINX brings as a complement to, for example, Kubernetes orchestration. So we're seeing a lot of these projects. And now with our Distributed Cloud offerings, we're also offering SaaS solution, and that is, I would say, a missing part of our business, but it's a different model of deployment where typically, a long tail of applications that would not have had a traditional ADC in front of them in the past, customers are choosing to protect them with a SaaS security solution for F5. So those are, I would say, the three types of implementations. But of course, the multiyear sort of subscription are more anchored on the first model that I mentioned.
Frank Pelzer : Meta, in relation to gross margins, particularly product gross margins, our view of that for the year has not changed. And we talked about the supply chain improvements starting to benefit our product gross margins really in the latter half of this year, even all the way up into Q4. But the real benefit that we're going to see is going to be in FY '24 in terms of product gross margin improvement. We still had the purchase price variance and expedite fees that we're working through the components that make up our box builds through this year, and we still have got a few critical components where we are having to go in the broker market. So largely, we will start to see improvement in Q4, but more of it you will see in FY '24.
Operator: Our next question is from James Fish with Piper Sandler.
James Fish : On the software number, I don't get the reluctance to not give a number at this point. I get -- we're kind of missing the 15% to 20%, but it's the main question we're getting after hours. So any clarity on that would be helpful, Frank. And should we be assuming the kind of net new business, double-digit decline in new recurring software should continue for the remainder of the year? Or are you expecting this to kind of improve as that new business comp gets easier in the second half of the year? And just I have a quick follow-up after.
Frank Pelzer : Sure. And I appreciate the question, Jim. We -- again, as François mentioned, a second ago, we are not updating our 15% to 20% guidance because we do still see a path to get there. Again, it's harder path. I think that we're not necessarily expecting to change in environment. And part of the reason why we're not updating the back half is because the visibility is cloudy right now in terms of demand. And with -- when we came into the year, we talked about over 50% of the revenue that we expected as part of that 15% to 20% growth was going to come from new business activity. And that we didn't expect that to grow, but we didn't expect to see the types of percentage declines that we saw in Q1. And so just with the lack of visibility that we've got right now, we don't have a new range to offer to you today. But we do feel like it's less likely that we will be in that range.
James Fish : Okay. And then François, I'm surprised no one's asked about it at this point, but on the strategy side with this Lilac deal. Why Lilac? What's the competitive advantage? And is it hope more to align with product overlap against some of your kind of newer competitors like an Akamai or Cloudflare is it more to be able to offer that SaaS-like experience inside a customers' environment? And just trying to understand why couldn't this get done with NGINX and Volterra already?
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Jim. So Yes. On the Lilac, let me start with -- we acquired Volterra a couple of years ago. and really launched the platform with our security offering about a year ago. And we've seen a very, very good traction with Distributed Cloud Services over the last 10 months. And so we want to build on that traction. We recently started with a CDN offering in the Distributed Cloud Services platform. That was based on an OEM agreement with Lilac. And this was essentially a talked acquisition to in-source that technology and the team, in order to be able to secure the offering for the longer term. And also work with this team to continue to improve on the offering and deliver increasingly innovative edge services on the Volterra platform. So we're pretty excited about the team joining us and being able to accelerate our innovation on that front. And it completes our offering in terms of web application firewalls, API security, DDoS protection, anti-bot and now CDN into the bouquet of services that we offer on Distributed Cloud.
Operator: Our next question is from Simon Leopold with Raymond James. 
Victor Chiu : This is Victor Chiu in for Simon Leopold. You noted that the fundamental demand around F5 software is still largely intact. But are there specific factors that you can point to that gives you confidence that the slowing isn't a reflection of more secular headwinds like cloud migration versus the cyclical slowing that you're noting?
François Locoh-Donou: Yes, Victor, I think it's interesting because I would say that migrations to the public cloud, if you want to call them like lift and shift tech migrations, we have seen that to be more of a tailwind to F5 than a headwind. But even more than that, what we have seen over the last couple of years is that customers are not migrating applications to a single cloud. Increasingly, customers are leveraging multiple different environments for their applications, multiple public clouds, private cloud and on-premise. And that actually is an architectural model that is ideally suited for the portfolio that we have built, which is essentially an infrastructure agnostic portfolio of application security and delivery services. And so we feel very strongly that as that trend accelerates in large enterprises and that multi-cloud and hybrid cloud becomes more and more the mainstream deployment way of that enterprises deploy their application portfolio. It is going to drive growth for F5 and specifically, for F5 software and SaaS services. So that's where our confidence comes and I mentioned those drivers earlier, multi-cloud environments, security, modern applications. All three will contribute to the long-term growth of our software, which is why we feel our views on that are absolutely intact. What we are seeing right now, again, it's not an architectural or a competitive issue. It is it is largely a macro-driven very cautious spending environment that is kind of indiscriminate across product lines.
Victor Chiu : Well, I mean so prior to the kind of macro headwinds that we started seeing, do you see -- did you observe any of those trends that you mentioned regarding multi-hybrid cloud trends and did you see -- you observed those trends and that kind of gives you the confidence that, that will resume when things normalize?
François Locoh-Donou: Yes, Victor. I mean, we saw them, which is why if you look at our software growth in 2021, I think it was around 37%. And if you look at our software growth in 2022, the first three quarters of '22 prior to the change in the environment, our software growth was also close to 40%. So we -- and it came from these three drivers, more deployment of modern applications that we serve with NGINX now with Distributed Cloud Services, more need for security in front of applications that we serve with all security solutions, Shape Distributed Cloud, BIG-IP and more deployments in multi-cloud environments with our large customers.
Operator: Our next question is from Tom Blakey with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Thomas Blakey : I guess my first question is also -- or both questions are on software as well. The numbers you've given for us are -- you can kind of back into, I believe, strong double-digit growth in the renewal, kind of true-up business in the quarter. Is there anything onetime in that number? Or anything that kind of would lead us to believe that, that can't -- you don't have any visibility into that -- into fiscal '23, that growth kind of remaining?
Frank Pelzer: Yes. We did not experience any sort of onetime benefits, I think the -- however you want to think about the perpetual business versus the subscription business, but there was nothing unusual in the quarter.
Thomas Blakey : Yes. I'm sorry, I'm just focusing on the subscription business with regard to renewals and true-ups. And then as you mentioned -- sorry, Frank, go ahead.
Frank Pelzer: No, no, no. Absolutely, Tom.
Thomas Blakey : Okay. And then just on the perpetual side, you've been a little bit above trend line in the last couple of years -- the trend line over the last couple of years, where -- what kind of visibility do you have into this perpetual business line, in the pipeline there? Comments from François, maybe. And maybe if you could juxtapose that with your comments about pause and a slowdown in spending just doesn't really jive with your kind of like beating the last couple of quarters pretty handily from a perpetual license perspective, that would be helpful. 
Frank Pelzer : Yes. Tom, let me start with that, and François wants to add, he certainly can. Again, we think some of the power of our model is the flexibility of the way customers want to consume. And in some cases, people have OpEx budgets and in other cases, they have CapEx budgets. And so in certain instances, I think they'd rather consume on a CapEx basis, and some of that will come through perpetual. It's not something that we try to spend a ton of time forecasting the split between the two. We're happy when revenue falls in either. And so for the last couple of quarters, you may have seen that tick up from what was sort of a low $30-ish million a quarter business to the upper $30 million, low $40 million. But generally, those are customer preferences and how they want to consume our solutions.
Operator: Our next question is from Jim Suva with Citigroup.
Jim Suva : Your commentary about the hardware being stronger especially with your outlook and such and the mix shift to more towards that, which will impact things. I understand it all, but the question is, is that impacted at all due to the supply chain issues during the past year or two in that maybe customers are absorbing some of the orders that they did and then this is going to face a headwind? Because normally, I would think about customers buying both the hardware and software kind of together.
Frank Pelzer : Jim, is it affected by the supply chain? The answer to that is yes, because we have a lot of orders that we were not able to ship last year, and we have made a lot of improvements in supply chain, both from our suppliers in the general environment and our own redesign of our platforms that give us better visibility on what we're going to be able to ship to customers over the next three quarters. And we've always said we wanted to be able to get all this these orders to our customers as soon as possible and reduce our lead times, which we believe actually will be a tailwind to demand when we're sale to reduce our demand. So yes, it is affected by that. But it is -- that's part of why we see the soft side in the hardware for the year. It's because our view today of what we'll be able to ship has actually improved from where it was three months ago.
Jim Suva : Okay. That makes a lot of sense. And then just given the macro cautiousness, how should we think about capital deployment, stock buyback, M&A, any changes there? Are you kind of holding, not holding up, reserving a little more for organic functions? Or how should we think about capital deployment versus maybe six, 12 months ago?
Frank Pelzer: Yes, Jim. So it really hasn't -- our outlook on capital deployment has not changed. We still expect to spend 50% of our free cash flow on share repurchase this year. And as you -- as we mentioned earlier, we did pay down the term loan debt associated with the Shape acquisition, which was a little over $350 million use of cash in the quarter. And so that reflects the change in our cash balance and the $40 million share repurchase we did in Q1. And we obviously announced Lilac, which was an undisclosed sum. It was a small acquisition that we did today. And so the balance of the activities and how we said we're going to use our capital has not changed, and we don't anticipate that it will change going forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Fahad Najam with Loop Capital.
Fahad Najam : I want to revisit the software issues again. If you look at perpetual, it's growing fairly steadily. So can you maybe help us understand in terms of the renewals, what the net retention rate saw maybe anything cohort analysis that you said it was in line? So maybe if you can just elaborate a little bit more? And then furthermore, I guess the question also is how should we be thinking about your exposure to legacy applications versus new modern applications? And if there's anything you can share with us on how that mix is trending.
François Locoh-Donou: All right. Let me start with the legacy and modern applications and how the mix is trending. I would say it's actually trending in line with the population of applications overall, which is that legacy applications are growing, I would say, in the single-digit percentage range in terms of the number of these applications out there deployed in the world. Whereas modern applications, we think are growing in the 30% range in terms of the number of them that are going into production on an annual basis. And so over time, there will be a lot more of the more than applications than the legacy applications. But where this gets blurred though, is that we're also seeing a number of legacy applications get modernized where folks are adding modern component to an application that is already in production has already been generating revenue. And this is where I think F5 has a specific advantage is that, yes, we play in modern applications with components like NGINX and excluding our Distributed Cloud Services. Yes, we play in legacy or traditional applications with platforms like BIG-IP. But for a lot of our customers, they want to have implementations that involve modernizing a legacy plate application and especially in an environment where customers are looking to consolidate vendors to simplify their operations, our ability to deliver on both of these requirements and actually deliver a single commercial vehicle where you can have both your modern and legacy application services is critical. And so that's one of the ways that we've positioned the company to be able to serve both needs. Over time, it will skew more towards modern applications as they grow faster.
Frank Pelzer: And we're not offering any new metrics on software like net retention rates. I will say that as we mentioned for the renewal side of the business, which includes the SaaS business is the true forwards associated with the business and some of the second terms of our multiyear subscription agreements as largely came in as we expected. The shortfall that we experienced was largely due to the new software business that just didn't drive growth in the way that we would have expected it in Q1.
Fahad Najam : I have one more follow-up. François, now that you've had a few years post NGINX, Shape acquisitions under your belt. Can you maybe give us an update on how the progress is in integrating these acquisitions into F5? Is it -- are you able to sell and integrate these acquisitions and upsell your solutions? Any update on how the integration of these assets have gone? And how do we think about next year -- sorry, fiscal '23?
François Locoh-Donou: Yes, absolutely. So let me take them quickly in order. I would say on NGINX and Shape integrations are largely complete. And so on NGINX, you've already -- so they're complete both from a, if you will, product perspective in terms of capabilities, we have ported from F5 or BIG-IP onto NGINX, so we can offer, for example, security on NGINX. And increasingly, we're offering our customers a single pane of glass to be able to get visibility on both NGINX and BIG-IP deployments. And they're also complete from a go-to-market perspective whereby we have now enabled our mainstream go-to-market, marketing and sales resources to be able to promote and engage customers on NGINX. We've done the large thing on Shape, we're a little behind that, but I would say almost 80% there where we now have the integration complete. Shape is available in BIG-IP. Our customers who have BIG-IP can turn on Shape and tie more capabilities quickly. Shape is also available in our Distributed Cloud platform as a standard anti-bot defense offering. And we've also done a lot of the go-to-market integration. By the way, those integrations from -- when I say from a go-to-market, they are quite critical because they have allowed us to continue to drive better operating leverage from a sales and marketing perspective. So if you look at our sales and marketing expense, I think it was 31% or so of revenue in 2020, and it's 29% in 2022 despite the revenue pressures we had because of supply chain. So you see operating leverage there. And you look at our overall OpEx as a percentage of revenue has gone from roughly 54.5% in 2020, down to 50% to 51% implied in our FY '23 guidance. So the integrations have also enabled us to drive the right synergies and operating leverage. And then in terms of the -- I don't know if you asked about Volterra, of course, is newer. And so we're still going through that, but we've already done a chunk of the integrations by deploying all of our security capabilities onto that platform that we call now Distributed Cloud, and we're getting quite a bit of traction where all of that is going, is that ultimately, we are going to offer our customers a single console and a single pane of glass from which they can manage all their security policies from which they can get visibility to all their deployment with F5, whether it's hardware, software or SaaS and whether it's in legacy or modern environment. And in that regard, we're positioning to be quite a unique player that can cover all these models in a way that's agnostic to the underlying infrastructure.
Operator: Due to time constraints, we will be taking our last question from Ray McDonough with Guggenheim.
Ray McDonough : Just two if I could. I understand you're not giving any new software metrics right now. But can you talk about how contract duration trended on renewals? I understand you were selling three-year term license deals in that cohort. It's really the first cohort of renewals that you're seeing this year. Are you seeing any contraction of contract duration? And then the second question would be I appreciate the comment around double-digit EPS growth and the commitment there. But how should we think about cash flow growth and cash flow margins normalizing as you kind of lap the change towards more annual invoicing terms this year?
Frank Pelzer : Sure. Ray, why don't I take both of those? The first in terms of changes in duration of the contracts, we are certainly sensitive in monitoring that, but we have not seen any discernible change in contract duration on the second term renewals or on the primary contracts that we are putting in place. And so that has not impacted us at this stage. In terms of the commitment to our double-digit EPS growth and cash flow, we are -- we will see the benefits of some of the slowdown in the new flexible consumption programs that will then yield more actual cash in the back half because we're not adding on as much of the upfront revenue recognition in relation to the cash that we are receiving. So we will start to see the benefit of that and see that normalize out a bit. Part of the other benefit that we're going to see for cash flow is that the supply chain issues that we've had and the extra purchase price variance and expedite fees those will largely come out, and those will help our cash flow from operations. So both of those, I think, will start to see a normalization. But it is one of the more difficult areas to predict in the model going forward.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's question-and-answer session. This is the end of today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-10-25 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the F5, Inc Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. And please be advised that this call is being recorded. After the prepared remarks there will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] And finally, if anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. And now at this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Suzanne DuLong, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Suzanne DuLong: Hello, and welcome. I'm Suzanne DuLong, Vice President of Investor Relations. Francois Locoh-Donou, F5's President and CEO; and Frank Pelzer, F5's Executive Vice President and CFO, will be making prepared remarks on today's call. Other members of the F5 executive team are also on hand to answer questions during the Q&A session. A copy of today's press release is available on our website at f5.com, where an archived version of today's audio will be available through January 24, 2023. Visuals accompanying today's discussion are viewable on the webcast and will be posted to our IR site at the conclusion of our call. To access the replay of today's call by phone, dial (800) 770-2030 or (647) 362-9199 and use meeting ID 3209415. The telephonic replay will be available through midnight Pacific Time, October 26, 2022. For additional information or follow-up questions, please reach out to me directly at s.dulong@f5.com. Our discussion today will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in the press release announcing our financial results and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. With that, I will turn the call over to Francois.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Suzanne, and hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I will speak first to our fourth quarter results before discussing fiscal year '22 and our outlook for fiscal year '23. Against the backdrop of a rapidly changing environment, our team delivered fourth quarter revenue at the top end of our guidance and earnings per share above the high end of our guided range. related to new projects and new architectural rollouts. These dynamics were especially evident in our Q4 software revenue. While we had a strong pipeline for new multiyear subscriptions headed into the quarter, customers' macro concerns led to lower close rates and lower software growth than we expected. We had some customers pause large-scale digital transformation projects in favor of business as usual. We also had customers resized projects with more conservative initial usage estimates. And we saw foreign exchange headwinds contribute to budget and spending challenges with customers in both EMEA and APAC, including customers who delayed projects with the hope that currency would stabilize. Conversely, Q4 marked a significant improvement in our systems revenue versus prior quarters, thanks to better availability of several critical components in the broker market. These scarce components came at higher costs, which are reflected in our Q4 product gross margins. However, our priority was and will remain fulfilling customer demand for systems which stayed strong throughout the year. We were able to partially offset higher product costs and continued operating discipline and a favorable tax rate enabled us to outperform our Q4 earnings per share target in the quarter. When I step back and look at FY '22 as a whole, I readily acknowledge that the year did not look the way we envisioned when we began it. Despite supply chain challenges and growing customer caution beginning in Q4, we saw persistent customer demand and our sales teams drove record-breaking bookings for the year. In addition, we achieved several important milestones. First, with portfolio and consumption model diversification, we drove our product mix to 51-49 software hardware, a noteworthy accomplishment in our transformation journey and very different from where we were just 5 years ago when software represented less than 15% of our product revenue; second, with the expansion of our application security portfolio and increasing demand for securing applications and APIs, we have grown our security business to $1 billion in revenue. Security-related revenue now represented 37% of our FY '22 total revenue; third, 69% of our total revenue was recurring in FY '22 with a double-digit 3-year compound annual growth rate. Over time, higher levels of recurring revenue will continue to add predictability and stability to our model. Finally, we launched three significant new platforms during the year, leveraging customer-focused innovation across the continuum of deployment models. These launches included expanding and unifying our SaaS offerings through F5 distributed cloud services as well as our next-generation rSeries and VELOS systems. These milestones are representative of how significantly we have evolved F5 over the last five years. F5 is stronger and better balanced with a more resilient revenue base and an operating model capable of delivering significant leverage. Over the next year, our business is likely to benefit from tailwinds to our systems business as a result of improving component availability. It's also likely to bear some weight from macroeconomic headwinds. In the balance, we expect to deliver FY '23 revenue growth of 9% to 11%. We also expect the combination of revenue growth and operating leverage will enable us to deliver non-GAAP earnings growth in the low to mid-teens, which means we also expect to deliver on our Rule of 40 benchmark in FY '23. Further, we are committed to operating the business to maintain the Rule of 40 and double-digit earnings growth on an annual basis going forward. Frank will speak to our outlook in greater detail in his remarks. Before I pass the call to him though, I will talk to several of the reasons why we believe we will deliver strong revenue and earnings growth this year. First, hybrid IT is here to stay. Our multi-cloud infrastructure-agnostic approach means we can create a more unified experience across customers, disparate environments. We are enhancing automation and driving operational efficiencies and corresponding cost efficiencies. Our ability to create a more seamless application environment for our customers is already an advantage. It is likely to become even more so as customers look to reduce operating costs and complexity; second, demand for security use cases is likely to remain resilient. Customers rely on our security solutions, including DDoS protection, advanced vulnerability defense with web application firewall and bought fraud abuse and API protection to protect them across what feels like an ever-increasing attack surface. With the February launch of our SaaS-based F5 distributed cloud services, we are now an attacker in a rapidly growing segment of the overall security market; third, we expect the combination of a resilient systems business and gradually improving component supply will contribute to drive systems revenue growth in fiscal year '23. Beyond 2023, with customers embracing hybrid IT, we expect hardware demand will prove more resilient and longer lived than expected just a few years ago. Near term, we also see the opportunity to take share from traditional hardware competitors undergoing structural change; fourth, our breadth of form factors and consumption models makes us an ideal partner for customers who are likely to be prioritizing their investments, optimizing costs and may want to shift from one consumption model to another, whether hardware, software, SaaS or managed service, perpetual license or subscription via an OpEx or CapEx budget approach, we are flexible. In an environment of shifting priorities, removing friction and enabling customers to consume how and when they want is a distinct advantage. And finally, we are a trusted and operationalized partner of the largest enterprises, service providers and government entities around the world. In good times and especially when faced with adversity, organizations tend to rely heavily on the partners they know and trust. We have worked for decades to earn that trust. Our customers count on us on our deep understanding of how to protect and optimize their application and on our continuous innovation. It's these factors, among others, including our very sticky installed base and our growing base of recurring revenue, which helped give us confidence in our outlook for next year. Before I conclude, I will highlight two interesting customer use cases from Q4. The first is an example of a multiyear subscription renewal with a sizable expansion. In this case, a customer, a global retailer had a goal of automatically flexing its capacity into its public cloud environments as spiky traffic demands warranted. The customer augmented its existing on-premise big IP hardware with scalable virtualized big IP software in the public cloud. With our deep automation capabilities, we fully automated the deployment and configuration of the F5 stack, enabling them to burst capacity as needed. Automation also simplified how their developers consume infrastructure and best-of-breed cloud services. In an example of an F5 distributed cloud services SaaS win in the quarter, we worked with a global transport company based in South America that needed to protect its multi-cloud applications, but did not want the complexity or inefficiency of disparate cloud native services. The customer selected five distributed cloud services as a one-stop comprehensive security solution including web application firewall, advanced bought Defense, API security and DDoS. With F5, the customer gained more consistent security across its multi-cloud environments, improved protection against bots and is now more self-sufficient for its security and traffic management with a single platform to support expansion to other regions. In both of these use case examples, F5 delivered automated multi-cloud solutions that dramatically simplified our customers' operations and improve their ability to scale their businesses. And we did so with the form factor and consumption model that best fit their needs. Now I will turn the call to Frank. Frank?
Frank Pelzer: Thank you, Francois, and good afternoon, everyone. I will review our Q4 results before moving on to briefly recap FY '22 results. I will then speak to our FY '23 and first quarter outlook. We delivered fourth quarter revenue of $700 million, reflecting 3% growth year-over-year with 3% product revenue growth and 2% global services growth. Product revenue represented 50% of total revenue in the quarter and was split 49% software, 51% systems. Q4 software revenue grew 13% to $172 million, systems revenue of $178 million was down 5% year-over-year. Rounding out our revenue picture, global service delivered $350 million in revenue. Let's take a closer look at our software growth. Our software revenue is comprised of subscription-based and perpetual license sales. Subscription-based revenue, which includes term subscriptions, our SaaS offerings and utility-based revenue totaled $131 million or 76% of Q4's total software revenue, the remaining 24% or $41 million came from perpetual license sales. Let's talk first about subscriptions and their performance in the quarter, multiyear subscription renewals and our SaaS solutions performed as expected. However, as Francois noted, as the quarter progressed, we began to see increased budget scrutiny from customers and elongating selling cycles, particularly related to new projects and new architectural rollouts. While we had a strong pipeline of new multiyear subscriptions headed into the quarter, these dynamics led to lower close rates on new deals. We believe budget pressures also led to a strong mix of perpetual software sales in Q4 with an increasing number of customers for foreign tech-based consumption models. Revenue from recurring sources, which includes term subscriptions SaaS and utility-based revenue as well as the maintenance portion of our services revenue totaled 67% of revenue in Q4. On a regional basis, Americas delivered 6% revenue growth year-over-year, representing 61% of total revenue. EMEA declined 3%, representing 23% of revenue, and APAC declined 2%, representing 17% of revenue. Enterprise customers represented 66% of product bookings in the quarter. Service providers represented 13% and government customers represented 21%, including 12% from U.S. Federal. I will now share our Q4 operating results. GAAP margin was 78.9%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 81.4%. This was below our guidance of 82% to 83% as a result of the higher systems revenue mix in the quarter and higher costs associated with procuring and expediting critical components in the broker market. GAAP operating expense was $445 million. Non-GAAP operating expense was $379 million, in line with our guided range. Our GAAP operating margin was 15.4%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 27.3%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 10.4%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 14.1% GAAP net income for the quarter was $89 income was $158 million or $2.62 per share. I will now turn to cash flow and balance sheet. We generated $154 million in cash flow from operations in Q4. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $9 million. DSO for the quarter was 60 days. Similar to last quarter, this is up from historical levels due to the back-end shipping linearity in the quarter resulting from ongoing supply chain challenges. Cash and investments totaled approximately $894 million at quarter end. Deferred revenue increased 14% year-over-year to $1.69 billion, up from $1.64 billion in Q3. This increase was largely driven by subscriptions and SaaS bookings growth and, to a lesser extent, deferred service maintenance. Finally, we ended the quarter with approximately 7,090 employees. I will now briefly recap our FY '22 results. For the year, revenue grew 3% to $2.7 billion. Product revenue of $1.3 billion grew 6% from the prior year and accounted for 49% of total revenue. As Francois noted, we achieved a significant milestone in the year, with software representing 51% of product revenue. Software revenue grew 33% to $665 million for the year, while systems revenue declined 13% to $652 million. Global services grew 2% to $1.4 billion. FY '22 software growth came from both subscriptions and perpetual license growth. Since FY '19, we have driven total software revenue growth at a 41% compounded annual growth rate. Subscription software at a 58% compounded annual growth rate and perpetual license at a 10% annual growth rate. In FY '22, revenue from term-based subscription models, including renewals and inter term expansions or true forwards continue to represent the majority of our software subscription revenue. With the launch of F5 distributed cloud services in February, we have introduced a new growth vector for our software business with a SaaS-based consumption model. We are thrilled with the early customer traction for the platform, but scaling ratable SaaS revenue takes time. We are transitioning all of our previously available SaaS services, including solutions from Shape and Silverline managed services to F5 distributed cloud services, creating a unified delivery platform for customers. We fully expect F5 distributed cloud will be a meaningful contributor to our revenue in the future. We will look to disclose both its revenue contribution and other relevant ratable revenue metrics as the business grows and matures. Our software revenue growth is driving us towards a higher recurring revenue base. In FY '22, 69% of our revenue was recurring, up from 66% in FY '21 and reflecting an 11% compound annual growth rate since FY '19. We closed FY '22 with approximately $231 million in product backlog, the vast majority of which is system space. This is up more than 80% from approximately $125 million in product backlog in FY '21. While backlog orders are cancelable, we continue to see very low to nonexistent cancellation rates. Two years ago, we began disclosing the portion of our revenue derived from security solutions. Francois mentioned, we delivered $1 billion in security revenue in FY '22, representing 37% of total revenue. We estimate our stand-alone security product revenue, which includes solutions sold exclusively for security use cases in either software SaaS or hardware deployment models, grew to approximately $440 million. This reflects a 30% compounded annual growth rate since FY '19. I will now turn to our FY '22 operating performance. GAAP gross margin in FY '22 was 80%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 82.6%. Our GAAP operating margin in FY '22 was 15% and our non-GAAP operating margin was 28.9%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the year was 16.4%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate for the year was 18.1%. Our FY '22 annual tax rate was lower than expected primarily due to a dispute benefit from filing our fiscal year 2021 state income tax returns. GAAP net income for FY '22 was $322 million or $5.27 per share. Non-GAAP net income was $623 million or $10.19 per share. I will now share our outlook for FY '23. Unless otherwise stated, my guidance comments reference non-GAAP operating metrics. As Francois noted, we expect to deliver 9% to 11% revenue growth in FY '23. This view incorporates a balance between tailwinds to our systems business from gradually improving component availability during the year and macroeconomic headwinds. It also factors in current customer caution. In FY '23, we expect the dynamics around budget scrutiny and caution around new projects will be similar to what we experienced in Q4. As a result, we expect software growth of 15% to 20% for the year. We expect systems revenue growth in FY '23 with growth weighted towards the second half when supply chain risk related to critical components begins to abate. Finally, we expect low to mid-single-digit revenue growth from our global services. Shifting to our operating model, we expect supply chain pressures to remain acute in the first half of the year and to gradually improve in the second half. This dynamic will impact our FY '23 operating model trends likely outweighing our usual seasonality. Specifically, revenue, gross margin and operating margin expansion are expected to be more weighted in Q3 and Q4 of FY '23. We expect FY '23 gross margins of approximately 81% with the combination of moderating supply chain cost and price realization from our previously announced price increases flowing through as we progress through the year. We expect continued operating expense discipline will result in non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 30% to 31% for the year. We expect our FY '23 effective tax rate will be 21% to 23%. And we expect to deliver non-GAAP EPS growth in the low to mid-teens for the year. As Francois noted, with results in these ranges, we would achieve our Rule of 40 target for FY '23. We are committed to maintaining it and double-digit earnings growth going forward on an annual basis. Our FY '23 outlook incorporates the expectation that we will allocate 50% of our free cash flow for the year to share repurchases, consistent with our balanced approach and the commitment we made at our last Analyst Day. Included in this expectation is that we pay down the $350 million remaining on our term loan related to the Shape acquisition when it matures in January of 2023. I will now speak to our outlook for Q1 FY '23. We expect Q1 revenue in the range of $690 million to $710 million with gross margin of approximately 80%. We estimate Q1 operating expenses of $370 million to $382 million. And our Q1 non-GAAP earnings target is $2.25 to $2.37 per share. We expect Q1 share-based compensation expense of approximately $61 million to $63 million. I will now turn the call back over to Francois. Francois?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Frank. To reiterate a few key points. We believe we are positioned to deliver FY '23 revenue and earnings growth, we are well aligned with our customers' most pressing application challenges, including easing the complexity of protecting increasingly distributed applications and managing and scaling complex hybrid IT environments. With a $1 billion and growing security business and an increasing mix of SaaS-based solutions, we are well positioned for the future. Our innovation and successful transformation efforts to date have substantially expanded our portfolio, driving balance in our hardware software mix. As a result, we have a stronger business model and increased confidence in our ability to deliver sustained revenue and earnings growth. In the balance of what we see are likely both tailwinds resulting from improving component availability and macroeconomic headwinds in FY '23, we expect to deliver meaningful top line growth and double-digit earnings growth. In FY '23 and beyond, we expect to continue to exercise operating discipline, driving to the rule of 40 and double-digit growth on a sustainable basis annually. This concludes our prepared remarks today. Operator, would you please open the call to Q&A?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Take our first question this afternoon from Tim Long of Barclays.
Tim Long: A few here, if I could. Number one, all related to software here. About three years ago, I think, is when you started with a pretty large term deals and there was a few really big quarters there. Just curious on those handful of deals that really contributed a lot back then. They should come up for a three-year renewal. Could you just talk a little bit about those deals in aggregate? Were they renewed? Were they renewed larger, what kind of upside can we see to them? Or were those deals lost or pushed out? And then I have more follow-ups.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Tim, it's Francois. As far as what we've seen both throughout 2022, which was really the first year where we had a number of these deals to renew and what we saw in Q4 of 2022, renewal on these large deals were very strong. And by that, I mean that they renewed. And in addition, the expansion that we've seen on these deals has been really healthy. So we're really happy with the renewals. As it relates to what we saw overall in Q4, the -- where we had a shortfall was really on new business. And it really was -- we had the pipeline going into the quarter for a stronger number into software -- on new business in particular. And the close rates ended up not being what we expected them to be because we saw a different customer behavior towards the end of the quarter. As per the mentions in the prepared remarks around deals being delayed, some being resized and some being postponed by customers largely as a reaction to macro environment pressures and expectations for the recessionary environment. So all of that dynamic really only played out in new business. But as far as the existing deals that we needed to renew, happen with strong renewal rates and good expansion.
Tim Long: And then you updated the security number there, which is helpful. Also at that Analyst Day a few years ago, you gave a $100 million revenue number into the cloud vertical. I'm hoping you could give us some kind of update on how business to the cloud vertical has transpired over the year?
Francois Locoh-Donou: I don't have an update for you there. Our cloud business, in general, has continued to grow pretty substantially. What we are seeing more and more, Tim, is customers augmenting their on-prem or private cloud environment with applications going into public cloud, and they're leveraging for that, our software, of course, but not just big IP software, but increasingly, we're seeing them do that with NGINX software. And what we're seeing more and more is hybrid cloud being here and being here to stay with large enterprises who want to automate environments, both on-prem and in the public cloud. And we've positioned our technology to be able to do both. So with the growth that we're seeing in hybrid cloud environment, our business, of course, in the public cloud and the number of applications we support in the public cloud has grown.
Operator: We go next now to Sami Badri at Credit Suisse.
Sami Badri: So I have two for the team. The first question is on a comment Francois that you just made that kind of peaked my interest here. You said that hardware revenue is likely more durable and may take share. And I think you said other from companies and existing customers or something along those lines. Now could you just give us some color here? Are you taking share from software companies, hardware companies, other form factors? Maybe you could just expand a little bit on that comment, it's a little bit different from what we've been used to hearing before. The other question is for the systems revenue growth and the path through fiscal year '23. I think, Frank, historically, there's been a discussion where fiscal 1Q of '23 is the low point of systems revenue capture. And then we ramp up through the year and fiscal 4Q was the kind of peak of systems revenue capture. Just could we just go through that systems path just to understand the glide path a little bit better?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes. Sam, I'll take the first part, and I think Frank will take the second part. So on my commentary on hardware. Let me just comment on three segments quickly. Let me start with the ADC segment. So in the ADC segment, we have been taking share from our traditional competitors throughout 2022 and before. And we feel that this is happening for a couple of reasons. Number one, we have continued to invest in our hardware franchise, and have brought new features and capabilities that help customers automate their environment. And as a result, when customers are really trying to create these hybrid cloud implementations where they have to have hardware on-prem, but they also need to have applications in public cloud, they can go to F5 as a partner that can help them balance the load between public cloud and on-prem environment. A good example of that, I'll give you we have a customer, a global retailer that really needed to deal with spiky traffic on their website in the peak retail season. They're using F5 on-prem for hardware, and they're using our virtual edition in the public cloud. And they are bursting into the public cloud with our virtual edition where necessary, but built with automation that allows them to go from one to the other. So the investments we've made there have really created a unique proposition for our ADC business, and we're seeing more and more customers want to move to these automated hybrid cloud environment. The second element driving hardware is security. We continue to grow our security hardware business across application security, encryption, decryption and protection against ransomware. And then we've also seen strong performance and resilience in the service provider market for hardware, driven by 5G traffic where we have seen augmentation of capacity on both 4G and now 5G infrastructure. So these are the drivers really on the hardware business. Of course, we have been challenged to ship all of that demand, as you have seen with the backlog in 2022, but we expect that to steadily increase through 2023. Frank?
Frank Pelzer: Yes. And Sami, on the broadly speaking on your question, it's still a supply chain issue. And where we see the supply chain right now, it's actually improved with -- and generally, fewer vendors decommitting to us and improvement in component availability, there remains a few critical components that we have still gotten some de-commenced on. We were fortunate in Q4 and buffered in Q1, some of our ability to go to the broker market and that access those components. I can't promise that we will continue to be able to do that because these have been in and out of the market. What I feel strongly about is that certainly Q3 and Q4 are going to be the big shipping quarters for us for systems. The mix between Q1 and Q2, I feel less confident about that today, but there are a lot of efforts that our engineering team has been successful in respinning and redesigning. Some of those have come in early. The balance of those should be done by the end of Q2, the beginning of Q3. And that's what gives us confidence in the back half. But whether Q1 is a low point or Q2 is the low point, that is still TBD depending on a few of these critical components. But the good news from our perspective, the supply chain is definitely improving broadly. There are still a few things that are at risk for us.
Operator: We'll go next now to Alex Henderson of Needham.
Alex Henderson: Great. I was hoping we could talk a little bit about the mechanics that you're assuming into the current quarter and forward year guidance. You talked about some pipeline erosion during the quarter. You talked about closure rates weakening and delays in projects. So I was hoping you could talk about what you're assuming when you look forward in terms of those metrics, are you assuming they stay at the current depressed rates rebound back to where they were prior or get worse from here, and particularly are the projects that have been delayed, expected to stay delayed or be canceled outright given the environment?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Alex, so when we look to 2023 and our guidance for software specifically, what -- our assumption is that what we have seen in terms of the renewal of existing multiyear subscriptions, that the healthy renewal rate that we're seeing on these projects continues. And we've seen that throughout '22 and from the utilization that we see in these projects from customers. We don't expect a materially different behavior from customers on renewal rates. We are, on the other hand, assuming that we will see more projects delayed or that they will be resized and size down by customers and that there will continue to be way more scrutiny on especially these big multiyear projects than they were in the last year. And so that will affect the new business in terms of new multiyear subscription agreements. And so we don't expect -- we're not planning on year-over-year growth coming from these large new projects in 2023. And for reference, Alex, when you look at our total software business, the new business still represents over half of our total software business. And so we have still a meaningful dependency on this new business, and that's the part that will be affected in 2023 with this macro environment. Now if you go beyond 2023, we actually expect that the rate of these new projects will come back up. We expect to continue to have a healthy rate of renewals and expansion. And over time, we also expect our SaaS and managed services business to scale and grow. And so with these factors, we still consider as a long-term growth rate for our software, a 20%-plus growth rate to be the right target for us.
Alex Henderson: And one last question. The systems business, can you talk about the mechanics around the transition from the iSeries to the rSeries as '23 progresses? Would you expect by the back half that more of the product -- clearly, it's going to be more, but a larger percentage or a meaningful percentage change in the mix between I and R?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes, Alex. We expect that the transition between iSeries and rSeries will accelerate in 2023, and especially in the back half of 2023. I don't have the exact mix for you here, but I think, Alex, you should be assuming that exiting 2023, the large majority of what we will ship will be rSeries rather than iSeries.
Operator: We take our next question now from Samik Chatterjee at JPMorgan.
Samik Chatterjee: I guess for the first one, I'm just still trying to understand your guidance on the systems revenue for fiscal '23 a bit. You had a big step-up here in the systems revenue from buying components from the broker market. I just wanted to understand if you're embedding that you can sort of continue on that path and essentially 4Q is sort of where you build on top of by going into the broker markets and buying from there to satisfy sort of demand from your customers? Or if you were to do that, is there more downside to the gross margin expectations that you outlined in terms of premium costs for that? And I have a follow-up.
Frank Pelzer: Sure, Samik. So why don't I start with that and certainly Francois can jump in. The assumption is actually that there is an improving gross margin as we work through the quarters, largely because we are not actually dependent on the broker market to get some of these critical components that we have gone through our redesigns and resins and we are now shipping product without the critical components that have plagued us for the past 6 to 8 months. And so -- that work is expected, as I said, to be largely completed by the end of Q2, beginning of Q3. And that is baked in as our assumption into our gross margins and our operating margins for the year.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes. Samik, I think the general -- let me just to answer that. The general -- what we've seen in the supply chain just over the last 90 days is generally, we've seen more stability than we had in the prior quarters. And by that, I mean, we're seeing less decommits than we have seen before, although decommits continue to happen. Our -- we are hearing from suppliers that they're starting to get a lot more capacity at fabs on their supply. And generally, specifically to us, we have seen also more progress made by our suppliers on extending capacity. So these aspects give us more confidence in hardware going into 2023. But I would say, as Frank pointed, we -- probably the biggest factor for us is the engineering work that we've done inside of F5 to design around the most constrained components. Part of that has already delivered and more will deliver in the next 3 to 6 months. And that's why we feel we should have a very strong back half of the year on hardware.
Samik Chatterjee: And Francois, I guess, for the second question or the follow-up here. I know creative to your portfolio and particularly with the growth in software starting to moderate a bit, you're seeing customers prefer sort of the CapEx model or the OpEx model in relation to your portfolio. But that's sort of different from what we are hearing from most of the other companies where they tend to see customers move more towards an OpEx model, particularly going -- if they're concerned about the macro. And I'm wondering if you think there's something there in terms of how the virtual editions are set up in terms of the convenience of spinning them up or setting them relative to also the magnitude of the architecture changes that a customer has to do? Like are there alternatives there that you're thinking of in terms of making that transition easier for customers that doesn't look like a big lift and shift for them in some cases because it does sound like you're seeing more of a sort of trend that's different from what we are hearing, the customers really prefer going into a tough macro.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes, Samik, I think the general trend -- at a macro level, I think, over time, there will be more customers that are buying subscriptions and buying SaaS services than there are today. I think that's the general macro trend in the industry, and I think we will follow that trend. The good news for F5 is that we have positioned our portfolio to be able to serve all these consumption models, right, perpetual license, subscription or SaaS and also to be able to serve customers in hardware or in software or in Software-as-a-Service. And so where we feel this is an advantage is that there are a number of customers who buy -- there's different behaviors by customer segment. And there's different behavior at a different point in time. Already in the quarter, we have seen some customers that have OpEx pressure and still want to move forward with a project, but they want that project to be capitalized. And so these are customers that would have gone to an OpEx subscription model. And because we are able to offer a CapEx project, they are able to move forward with the project, but they would not have been able to move forward otherwise. And so I think in a year of constrained budget in 2023, we are going to see more of that of potentially some customers going to CapEx, others that were on CapEx moving to OpEx and the flexibility that we offer, we believe, is actually a strong advantage. Over time, I think the trend that I described at the beginning is still the trend. But the flexibility that F5 provides is quite a strong advantage.
Operator: We go next now to Paul Silverstein at Cowen.
Paul Silverstein: Francois, Frank, I apologize if this has already been asked. I'm actually going back and forth between two different calls. But going back to your comments about the softness, the delays, the downsizing, et cetera. Can you quantify for us how many customers, how many projects you're talking about? Is this widespread? Or is this a handful, several handfuls of very large projects that you're referring to in terms of just how pervasive the weakness that you're referencing.
Francois Locoh-Donou: I would say, first of all, Paul, it was most acute in EMEA and APCJ, where it was the combination of inflation, currency exchange volatility and fulfilling the crisis coming and wanting to really restrained budget. So this is where it was most acute. In terms of the number of customers, it's not hundreds of customers, and it's probably more -- but it is definitely in double-digit number of deals where we saw that. Typically, those are deals that are $1 million-plus deals. And so that just gives you a sense of the impact of these deals being pushed out.
Paul Silverstein: First was I hear you say it was most acute in EMEA and Asia Pac. Was that the comment?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes.
Paul Silverstein: Was there any appreciable weakness in North America, U.S. in particular?
Francois Locoh-Donou: We saw a little bit of this in North America. But overall, I would say, there wasn't a meaningful, I would say, change in customer behavior in North America to date. Now in our guidance, Paul, we are assuming that we will see more of this in North America of this scrutiny on budget and deals being delayed and for South. But I mean, to give you an example of the behavior, Paul, we had some companies that were large multinationals with multiple billions of euros of revenues changing that process to say that any deal above $200,000 have to be approved at the Board level. So that gives you a sense of the level of scrutiny we saw, especially in Europe and Asia Pac. But that behavior was a lot less in North America today.
Paul Silverstein: And your concern about North America in terms of looking forward, that's just being prudent? Or there's signs based on your conversations with North American customers that would caution you about the future outlook?
Francois Locoh-Donou: I would say we've not heard directly from North American customers to date that they were going to change their patterns and do this. So I would say it's a combination of being prudent and feeling that just the North America will not be immune to these changes in customer patterns over time. Whether it happens this quarter or two quarters from now, I can't predict that fall but our working assumption is that we're going to see it here in North America.
Paul Silverstein: And just to tie to sub Francois, my last one here. Juniper tonight announced, simultaneously with you. They referenced a little bit of the macro that you're referencing, but not meaningful either in the quarter in their guidance. And I'm just wondering, at the risk of asking one for question, is it something specific to your product market that would account for the discrepancy between what you appear to be experiencing and what they appear to be experiencing? Or I mean, it sounds more widespread or more generic its sounds more FX plus perhaps the Russian impact on Europe in terms of why it's worse outside of North America or meaningfully different. But any thoughts you can share?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes. A couple of things on that. First of all, I should say, the -- what I've described is something we've seen mostly in the enterprise segment. So I wouldn't say that we've seen a substantial change in approach in the service provider segment. Service provider was strong throughout 2022 and was strong in Q4. So that's a difference in terms of the segments that I'm focused on here. And then as it relates to going forward, as I said, we've seen -- we've not to date seen it in North America, but we expect that we will see. I should also add, the what I'm seeing as the behavior, I do not think is specific to our product segment because it's processes that are changing in our customers that affect IT spend in general. And so the deals that I mentioned were pushed out. We haven't seen actually any deals lost to competitors. So the competitive dynamics haven't changed. We still continue to win more than our fair share of deals. So I don't think it's F5-specific or product-specific. I think it's certainly in Europe and Asia Pac, I think it's broader.
Paul Silverstein: Is it balanced across both? Or is it mostly Europe?
Francois Locoh-Donou: It's balanced across both.
Operator: We'll go next now to Meta Marshall at Morgan Stanley.
Meta Marshall: I just wanted to get a sense of with your customers, what are the biggest inhibitors to kind of the rSeries transition today and then still opting for iSeries? And then should we assume that the vast majority of the gross margin headwinds are primarily due to the broker purchases for the iSeries? Or are they kind of across both I and rSeries?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Meta. The -- so the biggest headwinds to transitioning to rSeries are two -- really only two. One is qualification of the product. So for customers that don't operate rSeries today, they have to go through a qualification cycle but we have done some things to make that cycle as short as possible. And the second issue is component availability and our ability to ship to demand on rSeries. Those are the two gates, Meta. Now I should say what we are seeing so far is that the ramp to our series in terms of demand is the fastest ramp that we have ever seen in a transition from one generation to the next. And we expect that to continue because of the capabilities in rSeries. Of course, price performance is one, but the ability to operate in this more automated environment, that customers want to have when they want to balance traffic between on-prem and cloud or private cloud and public cloud environments. So that's why we're seeing a fast ramp to rSeries. And then as it relates to broker buys affecting gross margin, that is true both on the iSeries and rSeries.
Operator: We go next now to James Fish at Piper Sandler.
James Fish: I just wanted to circle back to Alex's question from earlier a little bit. Appreciate the color on the perpetual versus term and SaaS. But is there a way to think about how each of these three buckets finished the year in aggregate, and as we're thinking about this 15% to 20% growth, you had mentioned that still over half the business in software is on new. But roughly where should we finish then for new business versus renewals in fiscal '23 for software?
Frank Pelzer: And I appreciate the question, Jim. We are not splitting out those components at this point. But I think some of the guidance that Francois said in his discussion point on -- if you take a look at the midpoint of our guidance on software range and more than half of that coming from new business. That will sort of give you some sense for the renewals plus the true forwards plus the SaaS business is less than half of that number. As we think about how that's going to continue to grow. I'm not going to say at the end of FY '23. But clearly, as we take a look out, particularly as the SaaS business matures more and more over the coming years, we expect that contribution to come down such that, that new business contribution to the overall 20% growth rate is not nearly as strong as it has been at the point where we have to where we are today. And so that's the anticipation that we've got in the longer term of the 20-plus percent growth rate. And those are the dynamics that we see compounding upon themselves, particularly as we reach the second or the third or the fourth of renewal cycle within these flexible consumption programs on top of the growth in the SaaS platform that's frankly still nascent in its overall revenue contribution to the company.
James Fish: And maybe just to switch gears off of software and top line stuff. But on the free cash flow side, that conversion rate continues to come down. And I get it's something you have talked about around unbilled receivables given the term transition and some of the inventory purchases. But at what point does that free cash flow conversion rate begin to inflect higher and start normalizing a little bit more? And is there a way to kind of normalize the cash flow for those higher inventory purchases going on?
Frank Pelzer: Yes. Jim, certainly, our hope is that the double purchases for the platform that we've had this year, the expedite fees and the purchase price variances, we believe have hopefully peaked out in in FY '22, maybe the beginning of FY '23, but the things will start to improve from there. And we'll really be looking at a convergence point that is much healthier than what we have seen so far in FY '22. So we do expect free cash flow to certainly tick up in FY '23 much more so than what we saw in FY '22. But I'm not going to give you an exact forecast of it at this time. The dynamics that have driven that down though are starting to dissipate and will dissipate even further once these redesigns are done, and we are purchasing components at a much better rate as well as more and more of the second and the third year clips in where you're not getting as much revenue as you are for -- from free cash flow from the flexible consumption programs.
Operator: We'll go next now to Simon Leopold of Raymond James.
Victor Chiu : This is Victor Chiu in for Simon Leopold. You noted the delays from international customers. Was this primarily driven by FX? Maybe can you help us quantify the demand impact that you've observed from goods becoming relatively more expensive for international customers? And a house -- quick housekeeping question. You're under the assumption that F5 transacts mostly in U.S. dollars. Is that a correct assumption?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes. Yes, that's a correct assumption. And to the question, was it driven by FX Yes. FX, of course, had a large impact on that. But of course, if you are specifically, I would say, in the world of hardware, if you're a customer purchasing in euro or yen and we've done a price increase, there's two price increase that have increased hardware a little over 20%. And on top of that, you've had significant devaluation of your currency. Your budget does not buy you as much as it did. In software, that is a little less pronounced because there hasn't been as much of a price increase in software. But despite that, we saw these deal delays in software, primarily internationally. And I would say it's a combination of inflation, currency devaluation and just macroeconomic environment and people preparing for a tough economic environment and changing their approach to spend.
Victor Chiu : So your outlook assumes that the FX environment kind of stays as it is and it doesn't kind of incorporate any improvement in that in your outlook for next year?
Francois Locoh-Donou: That's correct.
Operator: We go next now to Amit Daryanani at Evercore.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Lauren on for Amit. So two for me. Can we first kind of start on backlog and kind of how you're thinking about maybe a potential work down in fiscal '23 and kind of your comfort around maintaining gross margins at around 80%. And then the second, the EPS guide for the full year is low to mid-teens growth, but the Q1 guide implies about down 12%. So how are you thinking about kind of the ramp as we go throughout the year?
Frank Pelzer: Sure. So why don't I start on the back half of that question on the ramp. Obviously, the year-over-year Q1 to Q1, we did not have the same type of headwinds in revenue in Q1 last year that we do this year associated with systems. And so that is anticipated in our guidance on a decline in Q1, but ramping fairly dramatically, especially as we get to Q3 and Q4. And so -- those will -- that's in the back half of the question.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Well, the second question is -- the first one is the question.
Frank Pelzer: Yes, yes, I'm sorry. On backlog -- so as we think about backlog for the year, and working down that backlog. From a customer satisfaction standpoint, we would like to work down that backlog as quickly as possible. We are actually getting multiple requests, particularly from our sales force on how quickly can we get boxes out in order to improve the outlook for new orders coming in. And so as quickly as we can work down that backlog, we will where we end up at the end of the year. I do not know in the blend between the demand environment that we expect to see versus our capacity to ship, which is mostly what our outlook on systems revenue is based on.
Operator: And due to time constraints, we will take our last question this afternoon from Jim Suva of Citigroup.
Jim Suva: I heard you mention something about second half of fiscal '23 being more back half loaded for demand or, I guess, deliverable. Was that on both the hardware and the software? And was it more from your discussions with your customers or more just you can't get all the components together to complete the various items? Because I'm just kind of wondering on the software side, it seems like it would be a little bit early to say back half loaded for something 9 months from now.
Frank Pelzer: Yes, Jim, the guidance was purely about the ability to ship systems and the rework that we are doing and the component availability for those new builds. And so that's our expectation is that Q3 and Q4 are going to be a much stronger systems revenue quarters than Q1 and Q2 for us.
Operator: And this will conclude today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-07-25 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the F5, Inc. Third Quarter Fiscal 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants' lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions on how queue up will be provided at that time. As of note, today's conference call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Suzanne DuLong. Ma'am, you may begin.
Suzanne DuLong: Hello and welcome. I am Suzanne DuLong, F5's Vice President of Investor Relations. Francois Locoh-Donou, F5's President and CEO; and Frank Pelzer, F5's Executive Vice President and CFO, will be making prepared remarks on today's call. Other members of the F5 executive team are also on hand to answer questions during the Q&A session. A copy of today's press release is available on our website at f5.com, where an archived version of today's audio will be available through October 24, 2022. Visuals accompanying posted to our IR site at the conclusion of the call. To access the replay of today's call by phone, dial (888) 674-7070 or (416) 764-8692 and use meeting ID 468081. The telephonic replay will be available through midnight Pacific Time, July 26, 2022. For additional information or follow-up questions, please reach out to me directly at s.dulong@f5.com. Our discussion today will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect to target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in the press release announcing our financial results and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. With that, I will turn the call over to Francois.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Suzanne, and hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. In Q3, we delivered above the midpoint of our revenue guidance and well above the top end of our non-GAAP EPS guidance. Software growth of 38% drove 4% revenue growth year-over-year, partially offsetting continued supply chain constraints for systems. Overall, we delivered 5% product revenue growth. While supply chain challenges continue to limit our ability to ship systems, our demand signals remain strong, and we remain ahead of our initial FY '22 demand plan. While we have not seen meaningful improvement in supply volumes in the last three months, we also have not seen further deterioration. In general, our suppliers' commitment held up better in Q3 than in previous two quarters. Based on what we see today, we continue to expect our ability to ship systems will improve during our second quarter of fiscal 2023 as a result of our efforts to design out the most constrained component and the additional capacity our key suppliers expect beginning in the last calendar quarter of 2022. We likewise continue to expect that fiscal Q1 2023 will be the low point in systems revenue. We continue to see our growth opportunity fundamentally tied to applications to the growing number of apps as well as increased usage and heightened business value. In Q3, we saw strong demand as customers added, scaled and secured their applications with demand for security and from our service provider vertical, fueling sales in the quarter. In fact, security concerns continue to drive the majority of our customer engagement with demand showing up in both software and hardware form factors and across multiple consumption models. In one example from Q3, an existing BIG-IP hardware customer and one of the world's largest banking and financial services organizations turned to F5 when a large 4G incident revealed other vendor solutions were insufficiently protecting against zero-day threats. As a strategic partner, F5 demonstrated that our advanced web application firewall provided immediate protection against current and future vulnerabilities. Also during Q3, a large global retailer turned to F5 after experiencing challenges with their existing bot defense provider over a head-to-head three-month proof of concept against their current solution. Our distributed cloud bought and risk solution demonstrated significantly higher efficacy, and the customer is now deploying F5 to protect their apps and their customers. We have said previously that our customers are increasingly operating both traditional and modern architectures and looking to F5 to unite their strategies and simplify their operations. In the latest example of this trend, during Q3, an American multinational financial services corporation selected a combination of BIG-IP and NGINX to secure and process their high volume of critical encrypted transactions globally. Last quarter, I also spotlighted our new SaaS offering, F5 distributed cloud services, which we launched in February. With this platform, we are delivering security, multi-cloud networking and edge-based computing solutions on a unified Software-as-a-Service platform. While it is still very interest, we're seeing good traction and customer interest. During Q3, a global company specializing in clinical services and customizable medical devices selected our web application firewall and API protection solution to ensure rapid deployment of their security policy at scale and to provide global delivery of services in a hybrid multi-region support model or via SaaS. Finally, service providers drove demand in the quarter as customers scale and secure 4G cores and begin to move 5G cores into production. In one win in the quarter, we expanded our carrier-grade firewall business with a North American service provider as they continue to grow both their 4G and 5G traffic. In another service provider win, we expanded our offerings with an APAC-based customer to include BIG-IP cloud-native network functions for its 5G mobile core. These recently introduced cloud-native functions are perfect for moving workloads from legacy NFV to a modern cloud-native architecture. Cloud-native functions enable service providers and large enterprises to realize the full benefit of the cloud, automating and simplifying their operations with a more secure, more scalable network. Before I turn the call to Frank to review our Q3 results and our Q4 outlook, I will comment on the macro environment. As I said previously, we saw strong demand in Q3 and we've got a strong Q4 pipeline. At the same time, we also observed more backend linearity in Q3, and our sales teams have noted instances where more approvals were required to close deals. While we are not seeing it today, we believe the combination of macro uncertainty and inflation will put pressure on customer budgets and eventually force customers to reprioritize investments. We will continue to closely monitor signals from our customers. And like others, we are assessing adjustments we would make in the event that the environment or our customers turn more cautious. We have built a stronger and more resilient by expanding our solutions portfolio and our consumption models. As a result of our business transformation, F5 is positioned to benefit both from software growth drivers, including BIG-IP, NGINX, and our F5 distributed cloud services SaaS offerings, and what we expect will be persistent demand for systems. As a result of our successful transformation efforts to date, we have a stronger business model that increases our confidence sustained revenue and earnings growth. Now I will turn the call to Frank. Frank?
Frank Pelzer: Thank you, Francois, and good afternoon, everyone. I will review our Q3 results before discussing our Q4 outlook. We delivered third quarter revenue of $674 million, reflecting a 4% growth year-over-year with 5% product growth. Product revenue represented 48% of total revenue in the quarter, and software represented 55% of product revenue. This is the second quarter in a row where the majority of our product revenue has come from software. Q3 software revenue grew 38% to $179 million. Systems revenue of $148 million declined 18% year-over-year due to ongoing supply chain challenges and resulting shipment delays. Similar to Q2, we added systems backlog of tens of millions of dollars in Q3. Rounding out our revenue picture, global services delivered $348 million in Q3 revenue, up 2% from the prior year. Taking a closer look at our software revenue, subscription-based revenue contributed 82% of total software revenue in the quarter, a new high. Term-based subscriptions continue to represent over half of our subscription revenue with smaller but growing contributions from Software-as-a-Service and utility consumption models. Revenue from recurring sources, which includes term subscriptions, Software-as-a-Service and utility-based revenue as well as the maintenance portion of our services revenue totaled 72% of revenue in the quarter. This is another milestone for us and is up from 66% in the year ago period. On a regional basis, Americas delivered 5% revenue growth year-over-year, representing 57% of total revenue. EMEA declined 7%, representing 23% of revenue, and APAC grew 15%, representing 19% of revenue. I'll remind you that given current supply chain constraints, our geographic revenue distribution in a quarter is not fully indicative of demand for each given region. Enterprise customers represented 70% of product bookings in the quarter. Service providers represented 18% and government customers represented 12%, including 3% from U.S. Federal. I will now share our Q3 operating results. GAAP gross margin was 80.6%. Non-GAAP gross margin was above our guide at 83.2%. While we continue to experience increased component prices, expedite fees and other sourcing-related costs, our Q3 gross margin reflects some improvement in average selling price on systems in the quarter. We are not ready to say it's a trend, but we are encouraged about the overall direction. GAAP operating expenses were $436 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $367 million. This is lower than our guided range as a result of some investments we delayed in anticipation of potential macro headwinds that did not materialize in the quarter and lower international expenses related to the strengthening dollar. Our GAAP operating margin was 15.9%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 28.8%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 18%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 17.4%, largely driven by a nonrecurring benefit associated with the filing of our federal income tax return during the quarter. GAAP net income for the quarter was $83 million or $1.37 per share. Our better-than-guided gross and operating margin performance and lower tax rate contributed to non-GAAP net income of $155 million or $2.57 per share. I will now turn to cash flow and the balance sheet. We generated $71 million in cash flow from operations in Q3. This is net of more than $30 million of payments to partners related to securing component inventory to support future hardware builds and component expedite fees. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $9 million. DSO for the quarter was 61 days. Similar to last quarter, this is up from historical levels due to back-ended shipping linearity in the quarter resulting from ongoing supply chain challenges. Cash and investments totaled approximately $757 million at quarter end. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately $250 million worth of F5 shares or approximately 1.5 million shares at an average price of $171 per share. Deferred revenue increased 14% year-over-year to $1.64 billion, up from $1.60 billion in Q2, largely driven by subscriptions and SaaS bookings growth and, to a lesser extent, deferred service maintenance. Finally, we ended the quarter with approximately 6,900 employees. I will now share our outlook for the fourth quarter. Unless otherwise stated, please note that my guidance comments reference non-GAAP metrics. We expect Q4 revenue in the range of $680 million to $700 million. Our pipeline indicates Q4 demand that would put our software revenue growth towards the high end of our 35% to 40% target for the year. As Francois discussed, however, we are very cognizant of the broader, more cautious environment. And as a result, we see more risk at the top end of our software growth range than there was a quarter ago. Given the Q3 strength in global services, we now expect global services revenue to grow approximately 1.5% to 2% for the year. We expect Q4 gross margins in a range of 82% to 83%. We are seeing component costs continue to rise and expect that they will be higher still next year. As a result, we implemented an approximately 15% price increase in systems effective July 1. Given our backlog, we expect it will take some quarters for the price increase to manifest into sustainable gross margin improvements. We estimate Q4 operating expenses of $374 million to $386 million, which would put our FY '22 operating margin at approximately 29%, an improvement of 100 to 200 basis points from our prior outlook. Factoring in the tax rate benefit from Q3, we now expect FY '22 effective tax rate will be approximately 19%. Our Q4 earnings target is $2.45 to $2.57 per share. We expect Q4 share-based compensation $61 million to $63 million. Finally, as we announced in the earnings press release, our Board authorized an additional $1 billion for our share repurchase program. This new authorization is incremental to the $272 million remaining in the existing program. As we have over the last two years, we expect to continue to balance share repurchases with other strategic uses of cash. This concludes our prepared remarks today. Operator, would you please open the call to Q&A?
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Sami Badri of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Sami Badri: First thing, I wanted to just clarify was, I think there was a reference to the backlog increasing or at least adding more revenues to the backlog. Could you clarify if the backlog exiting fiscal 3Q is actually higher than where it was exiting fiscal 2Q '22? So that's my first question. The second question is there's a lot of interest in the investor base around the software growth trajectory of the business. And I know you guys discussed coming in at the higher end of the range at fiscal year '22, but could you characterize or give us indication on what fiscal year '23 is going to look like, just because the growth rates are rather significant?
Frank Pelzer: Sami, I'll take the first question, and then I'll let Francois speak to second question. So yes, the backlog was higher and significantly higher in Q3 than it was in exiting Q2. We did not quantify that. We talked about that we would do that at the end of the fiscal year. So, we'll actually release the number as part of the October call and you'll see it in the K.
Francois Locoh-Donou: And Sami, I'll take the second part of your question. So, obviously, this is not a time where we are guiding for fiscal 2023. Overall, if you look at our -- the performance of the business in software, we guided 35% to 40% of our investor meeting about almost two years ago now in November of 2020. And we have delivered that in the first year in 2021, and this year we are delivering closer to the top end of the range of that guidance. So we feel very, very good about the drivers of software growth in the business that we talked about, including modern applications, the strength we are seeing in security and the adoption of multi-year agreements with F5 driven by digital transformations and automation. And so we will talk more about software growth for 2023 in October. But when you look at 2023, frankly, the factors, I think some of the factors that will affect that, one, of course, like every other company is the macro environment and will that have an effect on our growth rate. Today, frankly, it's too early to say, because we haven't seen a fundamental change in the buying behaviors of our customers across the globe based on the macro at this point. And I think the other factors will be, we, through the pandemic Sami, and this is specific I would say to the BIG-IP part of our business. We have seen continued demand for hardware and we have seen a number of customers that had declared that they would move to software pretty quickly that have actually recommitted to hardware and stayed with hardware longer. So, we are seeing very, very strong resilience and strong demand in hardware, sometimes at the expense of customers that would've moved to software. So if that, kind of mix shift, if you will continue in 2023 that may affect our software growth rate some, but it wouldn't affect the top-line because it would be more of a mix shift factor, if we continue to see that shift in customer behavior.
Sami Badri: Got it. Thank you for that color. And I just wanted to just follow up on specifically service providers because that came up a couple of times on this call. Could you just give us some more specifics to what exactly the inflection is at this point for why service provider customers are relying more heavily to see -- what specifically are they seeing in the F5 portfolio that's most helpful or the right solution for them? Could you give us specifics on -- a little bit more detail on what's going on, maybe even a type of service provider?
Francois Locoh-Donou: I think, Sami, there are two dynamics that -- our service provider business is doing very well, and it's the result of kind of two series of investments that are intercepting, I think the market at the right time. On the software side, we have invested heavily in cloud-native functions that allow service providers who want to build 5G cores to evolve to these more cloud made environments and be able to do that with us. And we have now a number of design wins in this area that are starting to go into production. And this quarter, we had more of these going into production, and so it's turning into revenue. And our expectation is that, that will continue. But we feel well positioned for the cycle of kind of next-generation software deployments with service providers both in the core infrastructure and at the edge. The other dynamic that's going on with service providers is that they continue to increase capacity in their 4G environment for increasing traffic, specifically 5G traffic, and we -- I think, as we shared before, we have continued to make investments in our hardware platforms to prepare for this increased demand for capacity. And as a result, we've been able to get to some price performance points that are really meeting the demands of high-scale, high-capacity service provider deployments, especially in the GI land part of the network for things like carrier-grade firewalls. And that's driving strong demand and execution in the service provider vertical.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Fish of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
James Fish: Wanted to go off the software question from before. Is there a way to think about how much the unattached software deal flow is either independent or dependent on some of the systems deal flow given you're already selling into some of the largest organizations out there? And also, you mentioned there, Francois, multiyear agreements just now. Is duration actually extending for software?
Francois Locoh-Donou: I'll start with the latter part of that question, Jim. So no, I think the trends are pretty steady, Jim, on the multiyear agreement. Typically, there are three-year agreements, and we haven't seen a fundamental change in duration. In terms of the first part of your question, if you take our software business, Jim, obviously, the part of the business that's driven by kind of net new modern applications largely circle with NGINX is not attached to any dynamics around hardware, and our managed services and SaaS business distributed cloud services is not attached to any dynamics on the hardware business. With BIG-IP, what you're seeing is the majority of the -- I would say the majority of the software business have a -- is not attached to the dynamics in hardware. However, there are customers who are -- we still have a number of customers who are migrating from a sort of hardware-first environment to a software-first environment. And where we have seen changes, I would say, not specifically this quarter but over the last 18 months, is we have seen a number of customers who have declared that they would go to a software-first environment sooner. And we have seen a number of them constantly delay that and stay with a more hardware-first environment. And I'd say that's where you have an effect in -- specifically in that area of the BIG-IP business, where you're seeing very strong resilience on the hardware and -- but it's affected a little bit our software growth rates.
James Fish: All right. And then maybe for Frank. I do want to unpack your guide a bit here, essentially the back of The Street for Q4. Is there a way to understand for how much during the year will be a net issue from the supply chain constraints versus that prior, I believe, $60 million to $90 million headwind versus the macro impact you're now including in guidance?
Frank Pelzer: Jim, I think you'll probably be able to see that more specifically in Q4 when we talk about the backlog number. We've -- as a policy, if the backlog number is more than 10% of product revenue, then we will release the actual number, and that's fully our expectation right now. And so I think you'll be able to effectively pull out what was the difference in that change and make some assumptions on what that would have meant for the software revenue or the total revenue overall. So, if you can hold off for three months, I think you'll get your answer.
Operator: Your next question comes from Meta Marshall of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Meta Marshall: This is Meta. A couple of questions. Just on the supply chain piece, when you're expecting bone by kind of the second quarter of next year, does that mean that the redesign process is kind of complete at that point or that there is component availability you expect to take place at that point? And then maybe as a second follow-on question, just how is the rSeries transition from iSeries for breton versus expectations?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Meta, so when we're talking about improvements in our shipments in the second fiscal quarter of 2023, Meta, that's driven by two factors. The first is what we expect to be better component availability from our suppliers based on commitments they've made to us. And generally, from what we see, they are on track with execution against these commitments on some of the most constrained components. So that's factor number one. Factor number two is we have also been doing some design work to design around or redesign around some of the most constrained components, And those design efforts should complete towards the tail end of the calendar year, which would allow us to ship with the new components in the second quarter -- or the second fiscal quarter of '23. So those are the two factors driving that, Meta. As of today, both of those factors are really on track. Now we're talking about things that are happening in the next six to nine months and then looking at the full second half of 2023. So, we -- I'll caveat that by saying, there's still a ton of execution to come and commitments to be delivered by our suppliers. But generally, we're on track. And I would say, we feel incrementally better about that than we did three months ago from what we've seen from our suppliers' commitments and our own load. As it relates to rSeries, we are very happy with the ramp of rSeries. It actually is right now the fastest-renting new platform than we've had. The rent is happening 2x faster than prior new platform introductions. And that's largely due to the benefits of the rSeries platform. So it's an investment we started a few years ago really to bring to our customers several of the elements of the cloud to their on-premises environment. So they're getting a lot of automation benefits from rSeries, the ability to run multiple software tenants on the same platforms. And so for those customers that really want to automate their environments, which is at the heart of a lot of the digital transformation, what they're getting from rSeries is not just the price-performance benefits that you get from a new hardware platform, but also a lot of the cloud-like benefits of automation and multi-tenancy into the platform. So that's a good ramp, and we are -- I think we're pretty excited about what rSeries is going to do for the business, not just this year, but for the next few years.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Long of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Tim Long: Just a few on the software business. First, any update on getting more consistent metrics here, RPO, ARR and the dollar retention? Love to get an update on when we could potentially see those numbers more specifically and then maybe related to it, we're not going to get them now. Frank, could you a little -- talk a little bit about kind of what you're seeing is a nice jump in software? New deals, first true-forwards, how do we look at that aspect of the software growth this quarter? And then maybe the last one is maybe for you, Francois. We're coming up on three years of -- three-year anniversary of some of the really large first-term deals. Could you talk to us a little bit about how you think those renegotiations or renewals would be working and how that can work into the model? Maybe just a little color on the first set of deals, It should be a pivotal time to renew those deals, I would think. And if so, are those deals like some of the other business where it's kind of been running above run rates, so those renewals could potentially be larger than the initial contracts? Thank you.
Frank Pelzer: Sure, Tim. Thanks so much for the question. I'll start and then I'll turn it over to Francois. So in terms of the split out on the software metrics, as we talked about ongoing, we're just starting to hit the second term of where a lot of this business started to take off. And so we are still tracking those metrics internally. We're not ready to release them externally. Again, as I've said in the past, we want to make sure that they are used in the right way and they can be predictive for the future outlook of the business. And as we get more and more of these data points over the next coming quarters, we do expect it's going to be more of a when, not if, we do release these metrics, and so more to come on that in FY '23. I know you had another question for Francois, specifically on some of the renewals.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes. Generally, Tim, on the renewals, the early indicators on the revenue expansion opportunity are really good on these -- on those large multiyear agreements. What we're seeing is continued growth in application usage, and that's a part of what's driving the expansion in some of these opportunities. So, it's early days, as you said, but it's going very well. I would say the other driver -- I would say, both of renewals and new multiyear agreements is security. We had a very strong quarter, again, in security. And what we're seeing is that the portfolio that we've put together that allows our customers to put security capabilities across their environment is really making a difference. So this quarter, we had a very strong quarter on security with BIG-IP and WAF. And in fact, WAF across all of our form factors and BIG-IP, and we had a very strong quarter with NGINX security. This was the second quarter in a row where we had over 100 wins of NGINX with security. We have very strong debut, if you will, for our distributor cloud services WAP offering, which is our SaaS offering on security. And we're bringing all of these security offering over time under a single SaaS console that will allow our customers to push the same policy to all of their environments for protecting their applications. So that, if you will, competitive differentiation, we're seeing the benefit of that both in terms of expansion of existing agreements as well as new agreements that are driven by our security software.
Tim Long: Okay. And Frank, if I could, just to follow up on the metrics. In the past, you've talked a little bit about the software growth in the subscription business is being driven by true-forwards and/or new deals in the pipeline. So could you just give us a little color of kind of mix of growth between true-forward contribution and kind of new deal contribution?
Frank Pelzer: Yes. So we're not going to split that out in the quarter. I think both of them were quite healthy. When I take a look at where we have been in the past, the true-forward contribution was along our expectations for the growth in new business. That was also in line with our expectations, and it resulted in the 38% software growth, but I'm not going to give a specific split between the two for the call.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Henderson of Needham. Please go ahead.
Alex Henderson: So across the presentation, you've made a number of references to buying behavior, specifically said at one point that buying behavior patterns haven't changed. Another point, you said that there's some increase in the number of signatures required. And you've weighed into your guide the expectation of continued softness in the broader economy. But can you talk a little bit about where you are in terms of the pipeline of activity that you're chasing, whether the activity is more robust, less robust than you would expect for this time of year? And particularly whether the deal sizes are bigger, smaller, how the price increase might impact that longevity; and within the backlog, whether there's any concern around cancellations of orders?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Alex, let me start with the last part of your question. So no, with the backlog, we have absolutely no concerns about cancellations of orders. And that's because we haven't seen any. There hasn't been any trend into cancellation. And also, our lead times, whilst elongated, are still at about four months. And relative to some of the other hardware networking players, our lead times are still less than a number of others. And in fact, we have seen some of our orders delayed because customers were willing to get their -- some networking gear that had 12 months of lead time before ordering from F5 that only has two to six months of lead times, depending on which platform you pick. So we're not worried about cancellations at all. Let me talk to the other dynamics. You mentioned sort of customer buying behavior, the implications of price increases. So if I take a picture right now, Alex, of where we're at, no, we haven't seen on a global level, I would say, with the exception of Europe specifically, I'll come back to that in a moment, we have not seen a fundamental change in and buying behavior. We have seen a little back-ended linearity this quarter. And yes, some deals that had a little more quickly in terms of the number of approvals. But when we looked at the overall demand signals in the quarter, they were very strong. And we didn't see a fundamental change in close rates, if you will, from our pipeline. That is, I would say, across the globe is true. In Europe specifically, we did see some continued softness and very back-ended linearity. And we think the macro is definitely affecting buying behavior in Europe already today. Now when you look forward around what we think we will see in coming months, let's start with our pipeline is strong for Q4, and it is about what we would expect to have as of today for our Q4 pipeline. We have a number of large deals, specifically in software. Q4 is always a quarter with some of the largest deals. And we have that pipeline of large deals to deliver against our guidance. That being said, what we are cautious about is, of course, we see the dynamics in the macro environment. And I think the combination of inflation in the U.S. and elsewhere and also outside the U.S., foreign exchange, which ends up making our deal more expensive to customers in Europe, Latin America and Asia, those increases in cost to customers will force them to make prioritization calls on their investment. And we think that, that may result in some deals being pushed out or a different prioritization of projects than what we are currently expecting. We haven't seen any sign of that to-date. But our view is that given that every other networking vendor out there has made increases in prices, including us, customers at some point, their budgets are not going up exponentially, and they'll have to make these prioritization calls. I think that's the macro effect that we think we are likely to see in the next few months.
Operator: Your next question comes from Samik Chatterjee of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Samik Chatterjee: Francois, I just wanted to start with -- you've talked about the privatization of spending from your customers or the cautious environment you're in, but it also sounds like you're already starting to prepare internally for that to some extent. I mean more curious about hearing how you're thinking about the levels you can pull or the changes or reprioritization in terms of F5 internally. Would you sort of increase more sales incentives on the software business or focus more on security? Like what are the levels you're thinking you can sort of drive towards as you -- if you do see the customer behavior changing because of the macro? And then just a quick follow-up, I mean since the 15% price increase on systems, what have been the order trends that you've seen?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Samik, just the last part of your question about the 15% price increase, what was your question about that?
Samik Chatterjee: Any color on the order trends since -- in stating the price increase -- pushing through the price increase?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Okay. So let me just start with that part of the question. So Samik, yes, we did have a price increase that took effect on July 1. And we -- as a result of that, we had a number of orders that were pulled into our third quarter by customers wanting to order early to not be affected by that price increase. When we look at the demand signals for Q3, we normalize out these orders that were pulled in. And even if you normalize out for these orders, it was actually a strong -- I would say, strong to very strong demand quarter. In terms of the order trends post the price increase, we are early in the quarter, and the linearity that we're seeing today is not really different than what we would see in the first month of the quarter. To the first part of your question around how we're preparing for what may transpire in the macro, we -- you will see that we are being cautious. So, we're not -- I want to be clear, we're not seeing any change in our demand signals to date. But given everything else that's going on in the macro, we have, out of caution, significantly slowed down hiring in the last month across functions. There were some kind of investment initiatives that we have delayed to see more clearly what's going to transpire in the macro and see if we push forward with these investments or not. So right now, Samik, it's more on the management of our OpEx and OpEx run rate that we have focused our -- if you will, our preparation and readiness. Our incentives for software for our teams are pretty strong, and they're going to continue to remain strong. And hopefully, you've seen that in the results we're having on our software growth rates.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rod Hall of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Rod Hall: I wanted to come back to the comment, I think, Francois, you made it about the back-end loaded nature of the quarter and kind of the DSOs. I guess I was curious about the drivers of the back-end loading. I mean you guys are saying you're not seeing demand impacts, but I wonder what -- how would you characterize the drivers for the back-end-loaded nature of the quarter? Was there a particular type of product you were selling more in the back end of the quarter? Was there a promotion, something like that? And I'm curious also on the DSOs whether you think next quarter those might come back down again.
Frank Pelzer: So yes, Rod, let me start with the DSO side of the question and then let Francois talk about some of the back-end linearity of it. So the DSO, a lot of that, but I think it's going to be a little more linked to not bookings but just frankly when things can be shipped and is the components that came in, in the back half but then had the shipments go out. The bills can go out associated with that, and that drove the increase in the AR balance, which is the calculation for your DSO. So, it's likely going to see a return to normalcy when we get into the back half of FY '23, and that's when we're going to see DSOs come back down. I will note that the quality of those receivables that you haven't seen any aging increase, it just happens, to come after the end of the quarter. So, I will expect that DSOs, as Francois mentioned, in the shipping side in the back half of FY '23 to see when that's going to start coming down and that AR balance coming down.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes. And Rod, on the back-end-loaded quarter, first of all, yes, it was more back ended but on a very, very strong demand quarter. And so I think I mentioned earlier that we saw at the very end of the quarter some order being -- some orders that we felt should have come in Q4 that came in Q3. We attributed some of that to customers are doing ahead of a price increase. I think if you normalize that out that would normalize a little more the linearity of the quarter. The other factor is Europe, which was, in fact, back-end loaded in linearity. We think that to do with the macro and the scrutiny there. And if you normalize out these two factors, there was probably also an element that we started to see around more customers, I want to say outside of Europe that had more approval cycles in their orders. And so, it may have pushed some orders that we may have expected in the second month but happened in the third month of the quarter.
Rod Hall: Okay. And Francois, could I just follow up on one thing there? The -- so you're saying most of the types of orders you would have seen were systems kind of ahead of the pricing increases. Is that the right way to characterize the kind of the type of where you saw on the back end or...
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes. That phenomenon around the sort of orders very late in the quarter to avoid the price increase would have been more about systems than for software, where I think we had a more kind of normal linearity.
Operator: Your next question comes from Amit Daryanani of Evercore. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani: I have two as well. I guess maybe to start with on the software side, right, even see at the higher end of the 35% to 40% growth rate this year, is there anything you would call out that's more onetime in nature that you think helped you on software growth in fiscal '22, ELAs or big deals or something? And if you do end up in a slower macro environment in '23, does that help or have your software business over time?
Frank Pelzer: Amit, let me start with that, and I'll let Francois take the back half of your question. So, there's nothing that is abnormal to what our expectations were. I will note that we did have large deal activities that happened three years ago that repeated themselves -- that repeated itself this year. And that's going to be part of the normal process and reasons why we have potentially quarter-to-quarter volatility even on larger numbers. As these numbers increase in the denominator, that fluctuation will again be muted and decrease. But we've talked about some large deal activity in FY '19 that repeated itself this year, and it's always been part of our expectations, even going back to aim in November of 2020 when we thought about what a Horizon 2 outlook would be.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes. And then the second part of your question, Amit, about -- so the question is whether if we are in a recession in 2023, does that help or hurt our software business, well, I will just give you some thoughts on how I think about this. On the one hand, I think one thing we've seen in past recessions is people hunker down and not start new things but continue to do the things that they've been doing. And so what that would mean is for our customers that are on hardware, it's likely that some of these customers would decide to just continue to stay in the hardware train rather than start a whole new architecture, a new project if they haven't done that already. And if you look at it that way, that would favor our hardware business and less our software business for where there's this BIG-IP opportunity between hardware and systems. On the other hand, the vast majority of our software business is subscriptions, and we think there are a number of customers that would prefer to move to this OpEx model in that environment rather than new large CapEx outlays. And that would favor more of our software business. But if you step back from it, I think the way we look at it is we have now built a business model that we think is actually quite resilient because we can meet our customers where they are at with hardware form factors, software form factors, a term subscription or perpetual and even SaaS and managed services form factors. And so if we have customers that want to add security capabilities to their environment but they want to start with a lower expense on a pay-as-you-go model, our SaaS offerings are going to get traction very rapidly. They already are, and that would favor that in 2023. So overall, we feel that we've got the resilience in the model to be able to meet customers in the economic model that makes most sense for them in a recessionary environment.
Amit Daryanani: Perfect. And then if I could just follow up on the system side. You made some comments on fiscal Q1 in '23 will be the low point of systems revenue. Was that an absolute revenue statement or a signal that you're already declining peak over there? And then really if I look at all the stuff you have on the system side from the backlog with the price increases and we have the pent-up demand, is there a reason why you don't see your hardware business show positive growth next year?
Frank Pelzer: So yes, let me start with that and let Francois. So, we were giving an absolute in terms of revenue dollar value for when Q1 would be the low point in our systems revenue. And that is truly a result of the components that are needed to ship when we see those schedules comings in. As Francois mentioned, the volatility associated with decommits has gone down from what we have experienced in recent quarters. That having been said, the commitments that we have, will show that, that will be the low point of what we can actually produce to that volume. And so that's why on a dollar basis, we expect Q1 to be the low point.
Francois Locoh-Donou: And to your second part -- the second part of your question, Amit, whether we would expect hardware to show positive growth next year, our expectation would be yes, that our hardware would show positive growth next year if, of course, we are able to have the recovery profile in our supply availability that we have talked about. So, we are on track with that profile for now. And if that's confirmed, I would expect our hardware revenues to be greater next year than they are this year because we're not -- certainly our backlog, frankly, is so large today that even if in a recessionary environment the hardware demand was to be less than it is this year. And to be clear, this year, the hardware demand is much higher than the revenue we're printing. Even if the demand was to be less, we would be able to ship more revenues than we have this year. At this stage, I'm not going to speak to demand on our hardware business for next year because there are too many unknowns, and we know we're going into a macro environment. But specifically speaking to what hardware revenue could be, I would say, yes, assuming that supply is there.
Frank Pelzer: And Amit, I will just -- I will reconfirm what Francois said last quarter. Q1 will be a low point. We will see a build in Q2 from there as some of the redesigns and components become more available. We expect Q3 to be higher yet still because of -- we're able to ramp production even more on the new platforms. And then ultimately, by Q4, we may actually start to begin to bring down backlog because of availability. But we do expect it to take a linear up curve on the revenue for systems, next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Suva of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Jim Suva: And I just have one question. Francois, in your prepared comments, you mentioned additional signatures and a little bit more time to get deals to be completely approved. I'm wondering, does this also allow the CTOs more time or more contemplation to do virtual instances, more software, VM type of production orders from you? Or is it kind of the cadence of what they're looking at kind of as you expect? I'm just kind of wondering what the elongated closing time, does it actually allow them to kind of take a step back and look at the whiteboard a little bit more about the solutions that they're buying from you?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Jim. So we're having, Jim, I think the expanded nature of our portfolio today, where we are able to engage our customers with a SaaS offering, a software offering or a hardware offering where they want to look at that or a combination of all of the above for their capabilities for addressing multiple applications in different environments, that's creating great strategic kind of architectural conversations with our customers, but they are happening early on in the cycle. So by the time we get into a project that's been defined and scoped by teams and getting into an approval cycle, I don't think it's a question of a CTO stepping back and saying, "Let me reconsider all of that." I think it's more of a -- in the first few quarters in the pandemic, there was such a rush to add capacity that I think people were just approving orders as soon as they were coming into the queue. And now and -- especially perhaps with people knowing maybe there's a recession around the corners, they're making sure that the right levels of approvals exist in an organization and they take their time. And when they make a decision, it's a full go. So I think it's more of that effect, Jim, than a step back around architecture, which does happen, but it's happening upfront, early on with our -- the customers' technology teams and our own technical teams.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we will take our last question from Simon Leopold of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Simon Leopold: I wanted to get a quick clarification and then a broader question. On the clarification front, Francois, you indicated growth towards the high end for the software business for the year. And I think that might imply a sequential decline from the systems business in the September quarter. And I want to verify that if it is down sequentially, I just want to get a better understanding of why because it sounds like supply chain constraints are somewhat better or the same. So not sure on that point. And the broader question, I wanted to see if you could talk a little bit more about unpacking your enterprise verticals. In the past, you used to disclose more detail about the composition of your enterprise customers. And in light of the concerns about a potential recession, I think it would help to get a better understanding of the profile of these enterprise customers in some sense that you have very little to no exposure to the SMB market within that enterprise vertical and where your vulnerabilities might be. Thank you.
Frank Pelzer: Let me start and I'll let Francois pick up on the back half of your question. So as you know, we -- as a policy, don't really guide to specific mixes within the components of our product revenue. I did say last quarter that we expect either Q4 or Q1 to be the low point of our systems revenue purely due to supplier commitments and what we could actually ship. And so, I'm not going to address are we going to be down sequentially quarter-over-quarter in terms of dollar revenue. But that directionally, I was saying last quarter and still feel that Q4 and Q1 were the low points. We're saying now specifically Q1 may be lower than Q4. I wasn't saying specifically what Q3 -- what Q4 is going to be in relation to Q3. The supply -- so on the supply chain dynamics, you are correct. We are seeing a bit of a stabilization on most of the components. But we do have what we call the Golden Screw component to building boxes, meaning that you have to have everything obviously to do it. And there are still a few components associated with our builds that are constrained and continue to be constrained. And so if for whatever reason, those are freed up, which is not our expectation, we could do better than these, but that's not the expectation that we want to set for you. There's still -- know broadly, the supply chain is getting better for most components. There are still a few in our specific builds that are constrained. We talked about fiscal Q2 being better, not because those suppliers are able to ship us more but more because of the redesign efforts that will likely go into effect in the back half of our fiscal Q1. That will help us with the improvements in build in Q2.
Francois Locoh-Donou: And to the second part of your question, we have no -- virtually no exposure to the SMB segment. So our exposure is really large enterprises. And of course, service providers and government, but those are the three verticals we serve. And in the enterprise base, it's really the large enterprises around the world.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for this afternoon. We would like to thank you all for participating and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-04-26 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the F5, Inc. Second Quarter Fiscal 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Also, today’s conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objection, please disconnect at this time. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Suzanne DuLong. Ma’am, you may begin.
Suzanne DuLong: Hello and welcome. I am Suzanne DuLong, F5’s Vice President of Investor Relations. Francois Locoh-Donou, F5’s President and CEO and Frank Pelzer, F5’s Executive Vice President and CFO, will be making prepared remarks on today’s call. Other members of the F5 executive team are also on hand to answer questions during the Q&A session. A copy of today’s press release is available on our website at f5.com, where an archived version of today’s call will be available through July 24, 2022. Today’s live discussion is supported by slides, which are viewable on the webcast and will be posted to our IR site at the conclusion of today’s discussion. To access a replay of today’s call by phone, please dial 800-585-8367 or 416-621-4642 and use meeting ID 7769889. The telephonic replay will be available through midnight, Pacific Time, April 27, 2022. For additional information or follow-up questions, please reach out to me directly at s.dulong@f5.com. Our discussion today will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in the press release announcing our financial results and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. With that, I will turn the call over to Francois.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Suzanne, and hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. As you all know, we entered our second quarter with some significant challenges that limited our ability to fulfill demand from our systems business. We are pleased to have delivered above the midpoint of our revenue guidance and at the upper end of our non-GAAP EPS guidance despite those challenges. Importantly, we continued to deliver strong results on our software business with 40% year-over-year growth in the quarter, software represented the majority of our product revenue for the first time. Systems revenue declined 27% as a result of supply chain constraints and our global services revenue was flat year-over-year. Our second quarter reflected another in an ongoing trend where customers continued to rapidly grow and scale both their traditional and modern applications, while placing increased importance and focus on application security. This benefits F5 and translates to continued strong demand across our portfolio. While our view towards strong demand drivers remains clear, our visibility into resolution of hardware supply chain challenges is murky. Going into Q2, we discussed two primary supply chain challenges. I am happy to report that we successfully resolved the first, which was related to standard electronic components and required us to design in and qualify an alternative source. The second challenge we discussed is related to global shortages of specialty semiconductor components. While we have made some incremental progress on this issue, we continue to expect supply constraints will limit our ability to fulfill systems demand through the end of this fiscal year. Part of our efforts to fulfill system demand included shifting customers from our iSeries appliances to our next-generation rSeries appliances, which launched in February. We are seeing solid traction in rSeries sales, and we are ramping manufacturing. However, semiconductor constraints, primarily from a handful of suppliers, continued to limit our ability to ship iSeries and are now also impacting our ability to accelerate the ramp of rSeries. As a result, our systems revenue recovery has been delayed beyond the expectations we had last quarter. Frank will review our outlook in detail later in our prepared remarks. But as a result of the delayed systems revenue recovery, we now expect to deliver fiscal year 2022 revenue growth in the range of 1.5% to 4%. This compares to our prior expectations for 4.5% to 8% growth. Our underlying demand remains strong, however, and we continue to expect to deliver software revenue growth near the top end of our 35% to 40% target for the year. In light of the sustained strength of our demand and our view that the supply chain constraints are temporary, we are not making changes to our operating structure. And therefore, our margins will be impacted correspondingly in near term. We obviously feel a strong sense of frustration with this change and an equally strong sense of urgency towards resolution so we can get back to reflecting the true health of the business in our reported results. We are taking every available path to resolve the issues as quickly as possible. Our suppliers expect additional capacity beginning in the last calendar quarter of 2022, which should translate into improvement during our second quarter for fiscal 2023. While the supply chain challenges are more severe than we estimated last quarter, they are temporary. In addition to seeing continued demand for hardware, we are seeing good traction across our software portfolio, including from security use cases and our ability to bring a broader solutions portfolio to customers. I will speak to our business momentum and demand drivers before Frank reviews the quarter’s results and our outlook in detail. Our customers are increasingly operating in both traditional and modern architectures and looking to F5 for solutions that simplify and unite their strategies for both. As an example, during Q2, an American multinational beverage company and a longtime big IP customer selected NGINX to service cloud and Kubernetes-based workloads and modern use cases. The customer is using NGINX to automate app content delivery, including its loyalty program and delivery services, both of which have experienced substantial growth during the pandemic. The addition of NGINX technologies to the customer’s multiyear subscription resulted in a 2x expansion of the subscription upon renewal. Customers also are operating in multiple clouds and uncovering new challenges as a result. F5’s infrastructure-agnostic approach through application security and delivery differentiates us from vendors who are siloed to a single environment. This means we are uniquely positioned to help customers with their multi-cloud challenges. During Q2, we were selected by the Ministry of Health for a nation in our APAC region. Not being locked into a single cloud was an important consideration for this customer. They had intentions of modernizing in a single cloud short term the plan to expand to additional clouds in the near future. This customer selected F5 over cloud-native offerings as a result of our solutions clear value add and our cloud-agnostic capabilities. We enable the customer to create a true multi-cloud architecture with both on-premises and cloud environment in a deal spanning our portfolio, including BIG-IP hardware and software with advanced WAF, and NGINX, including App Protect and API management. Finally, it’s clear that hybrid architecture, including on-premises data centers and as-a-service offerings are here to stay. Applications and workloads also are increasingly containerized and mobile. This means complexity is here to stay too and that managing applications across disparate environments will remain a challenge for customers. Meeting that challenge is likely to require a distributed cloud architecture and platform-agnostic security and delivery technologies that provide consistent protection, visibility and performance for all applications, legacy, modern and mobile across environments. In Q2, we took a large step forward towards helping customers better manage multi-cloud complexities with the launch of our F5 distributed cloud services. With this platform, we are delivering security, multi-cloud networking and edge-based computing solutions on a unified Software-as-a-Service platform. Our first solution for the platform, F5 distributed cloud web application and API protection or WAP, augments multiple security capabilities across F5 technologies in a SaaS offering. This offering reflects the first major step in our integration of our Volterra platform and F5 software security stack. F5 distributed cloud services is globally available and we are seeing strong early enterprise and service provider interest. SoftBank announced one of the first notable wins for F5 distributed cloud this quarter. The Corporate Information Technology division of SoftBank needed to improve low resource utilization and other inefficiencies of its private virtualized infrastructure. But its security requirements mandated on-premises deployment with an option for future public cloud capabilities. It sought a way to bring the effectiveness of cloud-native micro services and containers to its private data center and turn to F5 distributed cloud services. We are leveraging F5 distributed cloud branding to further integrate customers’ experience with F5 by simplifying our product meaning. You will see we have united and renamed our SaaS and managed services portfolio, including Shape, Volterra and Silverline under our F5 distributed cloud services umbrella. So expect to hear us refer to those solutions accordingly going forward. In summary, despite our short-term supply chain challenges, there is a lot to look forward to from F5. We have multiple current and future software drivers that are well aligned with our customers’ most pressing application needs between BIG-IP’s ability to serve and secure traditional apps, NGINX’s ability to serve and secure modern apps and the exciting opportunity to grow and expand F5 distributed cloud services, we are well placed to enable our customers to manage and secure their growing and rapidly evolving application estate. Now I will turn the call to Frank to review our Q2 results and our second half outlook in detail. Frank?
Frank Pelzer: Thank you, Francois and good afternoon everyone. I will review our Q2 results before discussing our second half outlook. We delivered second quarter revenue of $634 million, above the midpoint of our guidance range and reflecting a 2% decline year-over-year. Software revenue grew 40% to $152 million. Systems revenue declined 27% to $146 million. We delivered a 4% product revenue decline year-over-year, with product revenue representing 47% of total revenue in the quarter and software contributing 51% of product revenue. Rounding out our revenue picture, Global Services delivered $337 million in revenue. This is flat compared to last year and represented 53% of total revenue. Taking a closer look at our software revenue, subscription-based revenue represented 75% of total software revenue in the quarter. This is down a bit from the 80% mix, where it had been in the last couple of quarters, but we do not see this as indicative of a trend. Rather, it reflects some activation timing variability for a couple of large multiyear subscription agreements as well as a small number of larger deals in the quarter where customers preferred a CapEx model. As a reminder, a significant component of our subscription business is term-based licenses that are not recognized ratably, and as such, we expect some quarter-to-quarter variability. Revenue from recurring sources, which includes term subscriptions as a service and utility-based revenue as well as the maintenance portion of our services revenue totaled 69% of revenue in the quarter. This is up from 64% in the year ago period. On a regional basis, Americas delivered 4% revenue growth year-over-year, representing 57% of total revenue. EMEA declined 9%, representing 25% of revenue, and APAC declined 6%, representing 19% of revenue. In the quarter, we saw some signs of softness in EMEA. We believe this is in part related to the macro and global political concerns in the region. Enterprise customers represented 65% of product bookings in the quarter. Service providers represented 15% and government customers represented 20%, including 7% from U.S. Federal. I will now share our Q2 operating results. GAAP gross margin was 80.1%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 82.9%. We continue to experience increased component prices, expedite fees and other sourcing-related costs. GAAP operating expenses were $433 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $358 million. Our GAAP operating margin in Q2 was 11.8%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 26.5%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 22.7%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 21.3%. GAAP net income for the quarter was $56 million or $0.92 per share. Non-GAAP net income was $131 million or $2.13 per share. I will now turn to the balance sheet. We generated $127 million in cash flow from operations in Q2. Capital expenditures for the quarter was $5 million. DSO for the quarter was 59 days. Cash and investments totaled approximately $922 million at quarter end. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately $125 million worth of F5 shares or approximately 610,000 shares at an average price of $205. Deferred revenue increased 17% year-over-year to $1.60 billion, up from $1.58 billion in Q1. The growth in total deferred was largely driven by subscriptions and SaaS bookings growth and, to a lesser extent, deferred service maintenance. Finally, we ended the quarter with approximately 6,700 employees, up approximately 150 from Q1. Francois shared our updated fiscal year 2022 revenue outlook in his remarks. I will recap the details of the second half outlook with you now. Unless otherwise stated, please note that my guidance comments reference non-GAAP operating metrics. I will begin with our revised view for fiscal 2022. Given persistent and dynamic supply chain pressures, which are limiting our systems revenue recovery near-term, we expect to deliver fiscal year 2022 revenue growth within the range of 1.5% to 4% for the year. This compares to our prior expectations of 4.5% to 8% growth. We continue to expect to deliver close to the top end of our 35% to 40% software revenue growth target for the year. We expect Global Services growth of approximately 1% to 1.5% for the year, reflecting the lower expected range of system sales. Because we believe the current supply chain challenges are temporary and do not reflect the underlying growth of the business, we do not intend to adjust our operating model near term. We believe doing so would risk compromising our ability to deliver future revenue growth. As a result, we are likely to see operating margin pressure over the next several quarters. We expect non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 27% to 28% for FY ‘22. We would expect to regain the Rule of 40 operating benchmark as we return to full manufacturing capacity. We continue to expect our full fiscal year effective tax rate will be in the range of 20% to 21% with some fluctuations quarter-to-quarter. We remain committed to repurchasing 500 million in shares during the fiscal year. I will now move to our third quarter expectations. We expect Q3 revenue in the range of $660 million to $680 million. Given component costs and the costs related to actions we are taking to mitigate supply chain pressures, we expect Q3 gross margins of approximately 82%. We estimate Q3 operating expenses of $368 million to $380 million. Our Q3 earnings target is $2.18 to $2.30 per share. We expect Q3 share-based compensation expense of approximately $63 million to $65 million. With that, I will turn the call back over to Francois. Francois?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Frank. In closing, we will continue doing everything in our power to mitigate supply chain impact for our customers. While supply chain is currently overshadowing the underlying strength of our business, we believe constraints will begin to abate as we move through the next several quarters. Our software and Software-as-a-Service app security and delivery solutions will drive our future growth and our long-term opportunity. We have created a portfolio and a roadmap that is well aligned with our customers’ strategic priorities. And because of that, we are more confident than ever in our position, our strategy and our long-term opportunity. With that, operator, we will open the call to Q&A.
Operator: Sure. Thanks, sir and thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee from JPMorgan. Please ask your question.
Joe Cardoso: Hi, yes. This is Joe Cardoso on for Samik Chatterjee. My first question is just on the supply challenges that you highlighted during your prepared remarks. Can you touch on some of the actions that you’re taking or planning on to take to alleviate some of the pressures from the headwinds that you’re facing from the supply challenges? Like are you guys passing on higher pricing at all? Are you starting to see the benefit from higher pricing as some of the other networking peers in the space have done? And then just relative to the underlying components that are being constrained for the two product offerings that you highlighted, when do you start to see – or when should we start to see some improvement there? Have you been given any time lines from the suppliers? And what’s driving your contents around that time line? Thank you.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Samik, it’s Francois. Thank you for the question. Let me start on the pricing. We have been generally philosophically quite cautious about pricing with our customers. That being said, we have seen, as you know, significant price increases in – sorry, significant cost increases. And we did affect the price increase in the last few months that was in the high single digits. And we will continue to review our cost and kind of refine our models and look at whether we need to do anything else in coming months. But we’re going to continuously review that in line with what we’re seeing from a component perspective. But we’ve already taken a first action in that area. As it relates to when things do get better, so based on conversations with our suppliers, Samik, all of this is really about the semiconductor supply chain. And it’s really a handful of strategic suppliers that we have. And we do have deep and broad conversations with them on a very regular basis, including executive to executive conversations to really address the challenges that they and us are facing. And based on these conversations, we expect them to have improvements in their capacity in the fourth calendar quarter of the year, which should translate to improvement in our revenue in the first calendar quarter of 2023, which would be our second fiscal quarter. We expect these improvements from them based upon their expectations of additional fab capacity. And what we’ve seen in terms of their consistent milestones around increasing that capacity. But we’re not sitting on our hands and waiting for just the suppliers to make improvements. We are also driving aggressive actions on our side to drive improvement. So what are we doing? First is we are continuing to shift demand to rSeries, which is our next-generation platform because we expect that platform to be less constrained than our iSeries platform. And from the field perspective in terms of customers taking on the rSeries platform, we are seeing, actually, excellent traction on this front because the value proposition of the platform, the price performance of the platform is just excellent. So we’re aggressively shifting demand to rSeries. We are increasing the velocity of qualifying alternative sources of supply for both platforms actually, so redesign and qualifying additional suppliers on these platforms to alleviate the supply shortages. And of course, we continue to make aggressive advanced purchases with our suppliers. We have been doing that for several quarters. But we continue to do that very aggressively and providing them a lot of visibility into our forecast for future quarters. So with these actions, as I said, we expect better supply in our fourth calendar quarter that would translate into the first calendar quarter of 2023 for improvement into our hardware revenue.
Joe Cardoso: Thank you. I appreciate the color, guys.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Samik.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Fish from Piper Sandler. Please ask your question.
James Fish: Hi, guys. Good afternoon. Kind of a loaded question here, two parts, of course. The big question we’re getting after hours is really around that software number. And Francois, while 40% growth is strong, it was against an easier compare than last quarter. Is there any way to quantify how much of that shift towards either the CapEx purchases over software as well as how much got delayed to a future period on the software line occurred? And then on the system side, what should we – what should make us believe that we aren’t in for another hardware cut here over the next quarter or two as this is the second quarter in a row of cutting hardware and really, I think, giving us a sense around where backlog is versus the last quarter would be helpful for that.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Let me start, Jim, with the latter part of your question around hardware, and then let’s go to software after that. So Jim, the reality is that there is so much constraints in the supply chain in the semiconductor supply chain today that our visibility into supply – into our supply is not very long-term. It’s actually very short-term. And so what we’re doing is giving you the best visibility that we have today, just like we did last quarter. We did not anticipate in our forecast – when we guided for the full year last quarter, we did not anticipate yet another significant deterioration in the availability of these semiconductor components and also the fact that the broker market has gone completely dry. And that’s why we have another step down in terms of our ability to ship for the full year. In providing the view for the full year here, Jim, we’ve looked to be appropriately conservative based upon what we know today. That’s not to tell you that there is zero risk in the numbers we’re giving you because, of course, those numbers rely on deliveries from our suppliers that are going to happen later this quarter and, of course, in Q4. So there is, of course, still some risk in the full year number. But we have looked to be appropriately conservative in how we’ve constructed it based upon all of the conversations and information we have from our suppliers. On the backlog, Jim, we don’t speak specifically to the backlog numbers. But of course, our backlog has grown again this quarter by multiple tens of millions of dollars. And if you look at our demand drivers, Jim, they’re pretty strong. So demand has remained strong. When we look at demand, we are on track at the first half of the year with what our plan was for the year. And so this is really a supply issue and not a demand issue. Let’s go to software and Frank is going to take that.
Frank Pelzer: Yes. Jim, so on the software number, obviously, we do not sort of guide and a mix on any given quarter. And if you go back in time to the first half of – well, if you go back to Analyst Day in November of 2020 and we talked about software guidance in that 35% to 40% range. And after the second – the first quarter, we had 70%. In the second quarter, we had 20%. And there was a lot of question marks around would we ever be able to make that 35% to 40% range, and we ended up at 37% for the year. We talked about it at the beginning of this year that there was going to be less volatility and variability in that number. I think last quarter, it was 47%. This quarter, it was 40%. But there’s no dynamic to speak of, a mix shift or any other factor. It was an easier comp. But we do think about this number of growth in terms of an annual basis certainly not on a quarterly basis. We are quite happy with where we’ve ended in the first half and continue to expect perform in the second half to be near the top end of our 35% to 40% range.
James Fish: Thanks, guys. I will yield it back.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani from Evercore. Please ask your question.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks for taking my question. I guess I have question and a quick clarification, hopefully. The question I really have is on the operating margin structure. So if I look at the full year guide, you’re talking about 27%, 28% operating margin, which is down kind of like 400 basis points year-over-year, even though there is some revenue growth in the model on a year-over-year basis. So I’m just wondering like what sort of revenue run rate do you think you need to get back to the 32%, 33% kind of operating margin range on a quarterly basis. And alternatively, what do you need to see from a macro basis to perhaps say, I need to get more aggressive in optimizing my cost structure. I’d just love to just understand how you think of OpEx as you go forward? And then is there anything you would call out in terms of why is software implied to decelerate in the back half of the year, fiscal year versus the front half? Is there something in the renewals that’s happened there or just anything you would call out there would be helpful?
Frank Pelzer: Sure. So, why don’t I start and then I’ll turn it over to Francois? So on the operating margin side, I think what we said for the past two quarters is that our expense plan has not changed, and largely, that is absolutely true. If you take a look at where the expected point of operating expenses in relation to that 8% to 9% original growth rates that we had in the model and where we also had our gross margin expectations, that would lead to just sort of the expectation of what we have for operating expenses for the full year. And so the run-rate for that 32% to 33% is exactly what we talked about at the beginning of the year and what we would need. What we have seen is a shortfall in the hardware number because of the supply chain constraints. But because they are temporary, we don’t think it’s right to change the operating expenses to potentially hinder our longer-term growth trajectory of the business. And so that’s why we have not changed the operating model.
Francois Locoh-Donou: And then your second part of your question was about software growth?
Amit Daryanani: Yes. I guess, Francois, when I look at the guide for the full year, right? You started at low 40% growth, call it, in the first half of your fiscal year. And so just mathematically, you’re talking about things decelerating in the back half of your fiscal year. So I’m wondering is there something with the renewals that happened in the first half. Or this has just been a bit more pragmatic, but just what’s driving that implied decel on software in the back half?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes. No, I think that’s what Frank was talking to this a moment ago, that when you look back a bit, we guided to 35% to 40% growth, first of all, for our Horizon 2 going back at – in 2020. And we delivered 37% growth in fiscal 2021. We guided again to 35% to 40% growth this year. And in fact, we said we would get to the top end, near the top end of that range. And we’re on track to achieve that. We’ve always said, Amit that we weren’t looking at this on a quarter-to-quarter basis but more on an annual basis, in part because our software business is not just a ratable SaaS model that it does include term subscriptions. And therefore, there would be some variability quarter-to-quarter. We did say that we would see less variability quarter-to-quarter this year than we did last year, and we’re also on track to deliver against that. So there isn’t a different dynamic, if you will, in terms of the software business than what we have seen in the past. The renewals that you just referred to, the trends on these renewals are very, very encouraging as well as the true forward and the expansions on the agreements that we signed in the past. So we are generally very pleased with the software drivers we’re seeing.
Amit Daryanani: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: You are next, Alex Henderson of Needham. Your line is open.
Alex Henderson: Great. Thank you very much. I wanted to go back to the comment you made about EMEA slowing a little bit and the decline in revenues in EMEA and APAC versus the growth in the U.S. and contrast that with the extremely strong demand conditions that you’re dealing with, obviously, outstripping your supply. Can you talk to why there was such a splay between the U.S. results and the international results? And when you talked about Europe specifically, you mentioned a slowdown in demand there as a result of the economy. Can you feather that into the overall demand picture a little bit, please?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes. So let me start there. What we saw in our second fiscal quarter there, and I would say really kind of starting in February and beyond, is a slowdown of demand in Europe. We think – and it’s kind of accelerated a little bit into the last month of the quarter, which was in March. We think it is attributed to macroeconomic conditions, of course, the Ukraine-Russia war, even though our business in Russia is very small. So there is no really direct impact territorially. But in terms of the whole sentiment in Europe around inflation and potentially the economy slowing down, we think that has caused some customers to be a little more cautious, to scrutinize spend a little more and potentially to delay some orders that they would otherwise make. Now in the big scheme of things, we’re not talking about multiple tens of millions of dollars here. It’s effectively a smaller effect than that, but it was noticeable enough in our trends that we felt that we should point it out. In part because we don’t yet know how this will play out in Europe in coming quarters and whether – with the continuance of the conflict and more inflation, whether this will continue or – and to what extent. We also had a very strong demand in the Americas, in the enterprise space as well as for service providers overall. So that contrast a little bit with Europe.
Frank Pelzer: And Alex, I do have to add this is where you start to see or you may not see the clearest picture in terms of demand of bookings versus just recognized revenue because of the constraints that we have in hardware. And so normally, in quarters before, there would be a tight link. But when we take a look at where some of the bigger backlog of activity was happening, it was more in the Americas that got shipped out in the quarter associated with the revenue recognition of that systems which is going to skew this number a little bit more.
Alex Henderson: Is Europe more biased to systems and that’s – and less to software? Is that part of it? And is there any change in your supply chain – in your pipeline in Europe in April that would suggest continued erosion in the conditions there? And then I’ll cede the floor. Thanks.
Frank Pelzer: Yes. So the answer to your first question is no, there’s no specific activity. I mean as a whole, Europe probably is slightly higher weighted towards hardware and APAC slightly towards hardware in bookings than some of the other businesses but it’s not dramatic. I think what you will see is just where we’ve got more backlog and the aging of that backlog. That’s some of the first things that will get shipped out and will skew some of these hardware numbers and the overall revenue by geo number until we get fully caught up on some of these supply chain constraints. And so as we talked about last quarter, we are trying to get a very much take a customer-centric view towards meeting this demand with the limited supply that we’ve got. And that is going to just skew these numbers a little bit. We did point out because of some of the delays of bookings that we saw in EMEA particularly in month 3, when you had the geopolitical concerns really creep up, that’s what we saw. We wanted to point that out on the demand side of the equation, too.
Francois Locoh-Donou: And Alex, just your question about April, I think the pipeline for EMEA for Q3 actually looks better than what we saw in Q2. But we are cautious because of the macro environment in Europe directly.
Alex Henderson: Great. Thank you very much for the clarity.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Absolutely.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Silverstein of Cowen. Please ask your question. Once again, Paul Silverstein, your line is open. If you are on mute, please unmute your line, Paul? There seems to be no response from the line of Paul. We will now be proceeding to the next question coming from the line of Sami Badri of Credit Suisse. Please ask you question.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Ryan on for Sami. Thanks for taking the question. So basically, our first question is for customers who historically want system, whether they were all parts into the software given the constraints we’re seeing for the past quarter? And I have a follow-up.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes. I’ll start. So we – just broadly speaking, we have not seen a hardware to software substitution in the business. And the reason for that is that when customers – for customers to move to software, generally, they have to have considerations from not just F5 but other providers in their environment. And generally, these other providers also have elongated lead times. They also have to have done some architectural work to move to a virtualized environment, which a number of customers haven’t done if they are still on hardware. So, they are not ready to move to software. And for those reasons, what we have seen is the majority of customers who have larger states on hardware, the lead time – the change in our lead times alone is not a factor that is moving them to software. Now, for those on the margins who can make that move, we are working aggressively with them to make that happen. But we have seen that to be a marginal – a very marginal phenomenon to-date. Whether that will change in the future, if our lead times continue to be elongated is yet to be seen. But we have not seen any meaningful hardware to software substitution to-date.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. I appreciate the color on that. So, my follow-up is, so does the reduction in the guidance imply that 2023 could be a much bigger revenue year, or is this demand that is essentially of late given the extent of database?
Francois Locoh-Donou: No, we don’t think demand is going away. Let me be clear about that. We have – we are seeing very strong demand. We haven’t seen any trend in any order cancellations in any form. We haven’t seen any loss of business to competitors because generally, other vendors also have challenges with the lead times. And despite all of the challenges that we are having, our lead times are worse than they used to be, but they are kind of in the mix with other folks there. And we continue to see strong demand from our customers across the board. So, we don’t think that our lead times and our challenges in shipping hardware right now are causing demand destruction, if you will. Going into next year, this is – we are not guiding yet to 2023. But of course, it’s going to be about how fast can we get back to shipping to demand. And with the visibility that we have right now, we think effectively, our fiscal Q1 is going to be more of the same. It may even be a low point in what we see from availability of supply to-date. We think we will start to see improvement in our second fiscal quarter for 2023. And our expectation is that we would be back to shipping to full demand in the back half of our fiscal 2023.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. I appreciate the color. Thanks so much.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meta Marshall of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks. I just wanted to get a sense of maybe kind of breaking down the iSeries and rSeries, whether the resolution of some of the supply chain issues is kind of similar timing between some of it – what we had understood is more the general component in the rSeries versus the more specialized chips on the iSeries. Are those both kind of start for calendar Q4. And then just in terms of getting customer who transition from iSeries to rSeries, is that timeline or kind of evaluation process going as quickly as you thought? Thanks.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Let me start with the last part. Yes, the answer is yes. We made the decision to make our rSeries and a software that runs on iSeries that was compatible with iSeries several quarters ago and it’s serving us well today, because it’s shortly the qualification cycles of the rSeries relative to what it would have been in prior cycles. And so the qualification of rSeries with customers and also the demand is very strong, and we get the value proposition for this platform. This next generation platform plays well to our customers’ ability in terms of having both traditional and modern applications served by these platforms. In terms of the transition timeline, like we have always said it’s takes roughly six quarters to make that full transition. And so our expectation is we are going to continue to run rSeries. And by the time that we exit our fiscal 2023, we expect to be almost near 100% of serving the demand of our customers primarily with rSeries. And that will ramp through the next five quarters, six quarters. Your second question was about iSeries and rSeries constraints. So, right now, they both are constrained by semiconductor components. But we are shifting more of the demand to rSeries because we expect rSeries to be less constrained because it’s a newer platform going into the new year, because there are less parts effectively on rSeries that have these constraints than on iSeries. So, that’s why we are aggressively shifting the demand to rSeries. But we are also doing some work, of course, on iSeries to be able to continue to meet demand in the next few quarters for customers that really need to be on that platform for a number of reasons.
Meta Marshall: Got it. So, when you say calendar Q4, that’s more for resolution of rSeries, not – iSeries is kind of ongoing rSeries this calendar Q4?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes. rSeries is calendar Q4. iSeries, we should see some improvements in also calendar Q4 in terms of the supply we get there. However, going into the new calendar year, we will be continuing to shift to rSeries. So, rSeries will progressively become the majority of the – both the demand and the revenue and shipments.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Simon Leopold of Raymond James. Please ask your question.
Victor Chiu: Hi guys. This is Victor Chiu in for Simon Leopold. Are you guys observing any trends on the public cloud adoption impacting the uptake of F5 subscription in the cloud and you know that you don’t anticipate any customers prematurely moving away from systems deployments to virtual deployments, but can we see customers accelerating the shift of workloads, more workloads into the public cloud given the constraint in supply? Is that something that could encourage them to move in that direction?
Francois Locoh-Donou: I think Victor, over the long-term we will continue to see customers rebalancing their environment to these multi-cloud environments. I think our belief system, which frankly, has been, I believe for the last several years is that, ultimately, the applications will land on the best infrastructure environment for the application. And in a lot of cases, that will be public cloud. In some cases, that will be a private cloud. And in a lot of cases, that will continue to be a traditional private data center in – with hardware environment. I don’t think that the current supply chain challenges will fundamentally alter that future destination and that future distribution of applications. And so – and we also can see it from the customer behavior that we are seeing today. I think for customers that really need capacity for their applications and can’t get hardware, the best way – the best plan B, if you will, for that is to move to F5’s software on virtual machine. But to do that, of course, customers need to also have the servers available. And those also have elongated lead times in a number of cases. And – but moving to a cloud, a public cloud, is an entirely different kind of architectural consideration. And it takes planning. It takes quite a bit of time. And so we don’t think that the supply chain challenges are particularly accelerating a move to the public cloud. But generally, we think the destination for all of our customers is multi-cloud. Most of our customers are already in multi-cloud environments. And we intend to – and we have designed our portfolio to serve them for these multi-cloud environments.
Victor Chiu: That makes a lot of sense. What about for customers that are on the fence or in the process of straggling their workloads already between on-premise and the public cloud? Is this not going to encourage them to move one way or the other? Is that something you envision here?
Francois Locoh-Donou: I think customers who – maybe for greenfield environment, Victor, where customers are just deploying new workloads if they could do a virtualized environment and they have either the servers in-house available or they could use F5 software in the public cloud, which maybe thousands of our customers do that today, that would be a way to get to where they want to be faster. That’s – I would say that’s a minority of situations today. But it’s a possibility for customers that are not sort of building greenfield environments.
Victor Chiu: That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Suva of Citigroup. Please ask your question.
Jim Suva: Thank you. Could you give us a little bit of color on the operating margin trajectory and kind of the steps as far as the timing and the magnitude of those steps? You talked about several of them in your prepared comments. But how should we kind of think about the timing in each of those steps? Thank you.
Frank Pelzer: Yes. Jim, why don’t I start and then if Francois has got anything to add, by all means, please do. So, Francois sort of laid it out in a couple of questions ago on where we see the hardware side of the business over the next, call it, three quarters to four quarters to five quarters. And we think that largely the operating margin is going to ramp back up along with that shipment of hardware back to where we get to our Rule of 40. But in the immediacy of the – certainly, over the next couple of quarters, we are going to be below that 37% – or the 27% to 28% mark that we had set. And a lot of that is largely due to the step-down in our gross margins that are impacting as well as the less revenue coming from our systems business. And so those combinations are putting pressure on the operating margin in the near-term, but we do expect to get back to our Rule of 40 operating plan when we work our way through some of these supply chain constraints.
Jim Suva: Great. Thanks so much for the details.
Frank Pelzer: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rod Hall of Goldman Sachs. Please ask your question.
Rod Hall: Yes. Hi guys. Thanks for the question. I just – I wanted to come back to the full year guide change. I am calculating at midpoint, about $91 million of reduction there. And I guess it’s due to these ongoing supply chain challenges. But then I am curious what the duration of that change is. In other words, are you expecting most of that to happen sooner here? And then do you think your supply comes in better as we get to September or do you have visibility all the way to the end of the fiscal year and that encompasses this $91 million. Can you just kind of give us an idea on timing there? Thanks.
Frank Pelzer: Yes. Rod, I will start on that one. So look, I think as we lay it out in our models, the lower point on the hardware side is likely not near-term as in Q4, Q1 as we see the continued pressures that we have experienced for the past couple of quarters continue on. I think Francois noted some of the green shoots that will be coming in calendar Q4 that will start to impact and ramp up for us in calendar Q1 of ‘23. And you will start to see that improvement. But on the systems side, I don’t think the low point is this quarter. I think the low point is more in Q4 or Q1 of ‘23.
Francois Locoh-Donou: ‘22, 2022.
Frank Pelzer: Well, it’s Q1 of ’23, but…
Francois Locoh-Donou: Q1 of ‘23, Q4 of ‘22.
Frank Pelzer: Yes.
Rod Hall: Okay. And then I also wanted to just check in with you regarding the – back on the demand side of things. Do you – are customers indicating to you that’s temporary and I also noticed your DSOs have jumped up to 59 days. I assume that’s due to supply, but are people now starting to order further out, or why are we seeing that jump in the DSOs? I guess two questions in there, really. Sorry about that.
Frank Pelzer: Yes. Let me start on the DSO side, and then I will let Francois pick up the first one, Rod. So, no changes at all. This is purely a factor of when we were – a lot of leading up to this quarter had been a lot of the shipments and therefore, the billing going out for that hardware earlier on in the quarter. And in this quarter, it was a little bit more in month three. And so just by nature of the AR balance going up, that’s the DSO calculation. There is nothing in terms of any dynamic to see there. It’s just more a function of that AR balance going up on things that are in the legitimate net 30-day window cycle. So, nothing there.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes. And well, in terms of customer behavior, we have seen both. So, some of our customers are – who have – I guess who are planning ahead and have the means to plan ahead and order ahead, we have started to see their behavior move to ordering well ahead to take into account the extended lead times. But at the same time, we also see other customers who are pushing out and delaying orders in part to create leverage and say, “Hey, I will place the next order once you have shipped the order that I placed a few months back.” And so when we net out those two behaviors, we landed about the same place, which is demand is kind of where we expected it to be and it continues to be strong. What we are not seeing is lost demand due to supply chain delays. And that’s been the trend for the last several quarters, including this last quarter.
Rod Hall: Great. Okay guys. Thanks a lot. Good questions.
Frank Pelzer: Absolutely. Rod, thank you.
Operator: Due to time constraints, we will take our last question from Jason Ader at William Blair. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey. This is Sebastien on for Jason. Thanks for taking the question. I just have one clarification and an opening question. So, just in terms of the supply chain issues, last quarter, you mentioned about $60 million in revenue being pushed out of fiscal year 2022 for the specialized networking chips. I just want to make sure those lead times haven’t changed at all and that’s still the expectation. And it’s really like the standard components and those lead times that have been pushed out further than expected and pushing revenue into fiscal year ‘23. Is that correct?
Francois Locoh-Donou: So, let me just clarify that. The entire – you are right about $60 million last quarter. And the additional down guide this quarter, all of that is linked to specialty semiconductor components. Now, some of that is networking chipsets. And we also have challenges with semiconductor components that are not specifically networking chipset, but they are more on the power side and power distribution, power shaping type of components. And it’s the combination of all of that that’s causing the delays in shipments and therefore the delays in revenues.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Okay. That’s helpful. And then as a follow-up, maybe a bit more open ended for you, Francois. In terms of – as you guys shift more of your revenue to software, subscription, managed services, is your relationship with the partner channel, the VARs, the MSPs, is that changing at all? Are you becoming less reliant on them to generate revenue, or are you still sort of – as you have been historically reliant on that channel to drive revenue growth?
Francois Locoh-Donou: No, our partners and distributors and resellers and our key partners and systems integrators, they continue to be a really important part of our ecosystem. And part of what we have wanted to do as we have moved to software is embark them on that journey with F5 such that the transformation of F5 towards a software-centric business model can also benefit their model. And a number of them are – actually, frankly, some of them were ahead of us and were part of helping us accelerate our own transformation. But we are seeing that a number of them have embraced these new models and have found great ways to add a ton of value to our customers software-centric model. And in fact, that has contributed to our software growth over the last several quarters. So, no, we are going to continue with a partner-centric model, and we are going to continue to innovate with our partners to bring great software solutions to our customers.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you. That’s all I have.
Operator: And this concludes today’s call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-01-25 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5, Incorporated First Quarter Fiscal 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Also, today’s conference is being recorded. If anyone has an objection, please disconnect at this time. I’ll now turn the call over to Ms. Suzanne DuLong. Ma’am, you may begin.
Suzanne DuLong: Hello, and welcome. I’m Suzanne DuLong, F5’s Vice President of Investor Relations. François Locoh-Donou, F5’s President and CEO; and Frank Pelzer, F5’s Executive Vice President and CFO, will be making prepared remarks on today’s call. Other members of the F5 executive team are also on hand to answer questions during the Q&A session. A copy of today’s press release is available on our website at f5.com, where an archived version of today’s call will be available through April 26, 2022. Today’s live discussion is supported by slides, which are viewable on the webcast and will be posted to our IR site at the conclusion of today’s discussion. For access the replay of today’s call by phone, dial 800-585-8367 or 416-621-4642 and use meeting ID 687-9935. The telephonic replay will be available through midnight Pacific Time, January 26, 2022. For additional information or follow-up questions, please reach out to me directly at s.dulong@f5.com. Our discussion today will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in the press release announcing our financial results and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. With that, I will turn the call over to François.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Suzanne, and hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Our strong first quarter results demonstrate our customers need to grow and evolve the applications that support and drive their businesses. Customer demand standout portfolio, driving 10% revenue growth in Q1 and our fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit revenue growth. Underpinning our top line growth is robust 47% software growth, 1% systems growth and 2% global services growth in the quarter. In fact, both software and systems demand exceeded our expectations in Q1, contributing to our outperformance. We are at the epicenter of digital transformation and application security. We are differentiated by our focus, expertise and the vision and technology assets to secure and deliver any application anywhere. As a result, we have seen strengthening demand across our software portfolio and persistent strong demand for our systems. [Indiscernible] in the industry since late 2020, we have been taking progressively more aggressive steps to manage supply chain risks. These include preordering components, investing to secure supply, qualifying and sourcing alternate components and purchasing on the open market to fill gaps that arise. Over the last year, stronger-than-expected demand for systems coupled with ongoing supply chain constraints have gated our systems revenue growth. As a result of persistent strong system demand, our systems backlog continued to grow in Q1. Over the last 30 days, suppliers of critical components that span a number of our platforms have informed us of significant increases in decommits. These came in the form of both order delivery delays and sudden and pronounced reduction in shipment quantities. The step function decline in components availability is significantly restricting our ability to meet our customers’ continued strong demand for our systems. The challenges in Q2, and we expect Q2 revenue in the range of $610 million to $650 million as a result. This revenue range reflects a $60 million to $80 million shortfall in our ability to ship in our second quarter versus what we would have expected absent these recent supply chain constraints. Based on the information we have today, we estimate that increased supply chain limitations are likely to have a net $30 million to $90 million impact to our prior revenue guidance for fiscal year 2022. We are aggressively working to mitigate the impact of two primary gating supply challenges near-term. First, like others in the industry, we are seeing worsening availability of specialized networking chipsets. Within the last 30 days, we have learned that deliveries for 52-week lead time components or at a year ago have been pushed out and that our expected quantities have been reduced. Second, we also have experienced significant decommits for standard semiconductor components. We are working to design and qualify replacement components to resolve these standard component challenges. While we are unlikely to be able to do so in time to mitigate production shortfalls in Q2, we expect that we can mitigate the impact on the second half of our fiscal year. In addition to continuing to work with our suppliers, our sales teams also will be working with customers to fulfill their demand with alternative offerings. In some cases, customers may be able to qualify and ship demand to recently introduce platforms that are less affected by supply chain issues because they use more readily available components that would be very clear. The main drivers across our business are stronger than they have ever been. While near-term supply chain challenges made a swap to our revenue growth trajectory short-term. Fundamentally, we did not change the significant opportunity we have to solve our customers’ most critical application security and delivery challenges, nor will exchange our longer-term growth potential. Our software transition continues to gain momentum. In fact, we now expect to be closer to the top end of our 35% to 40% software revenue growth range for the year. In addition, systems demand exceeded our plan in Q1 and remained strong headed into Q2, because of the strong demand signals we see and our confidence in our longer-term trajectory, we will continue to invest responsibly in our business and will not make any dramatic changes to our operating model short-term. While this will mean near-term pressure on our operating margin, it best positions us to continue to capture our growth opportunity and long-term earnings potential. We expect to return to our previously forecasted operating margin profile as we return to full manufacturing capacity. Our Q1 customer wins offered great insights to both our momentum and the opportunity ahead. For instance, for basic application security threat like Log4j clearly demonstrated why every application needs web application firewall protection. As a result, we are seeing heightened interest in F5’s WAF solution for both traditional and modern applications. In just one example during Q1, a customer selected NGINX with App Protect to add vast protection closer to the containers deployed by its DevOps teams. This is in addition to the advanced WAF operated by its traditional SecOps team. We also see growing demand for fraud and bot defense. As an example, in Q1, one of Central America’s most prominent banks was still struggling with data security despite deploying multiple security solutions. The bank selected our Shape solution to defend the games persistent automated attacks. Shape dramatically reduced the customers’ automated traffic, successfully reducing consumer friction across their digital channels. Shape is also providing broad-based analytics for improved application security and visibility. Finally, customers’ modern applications are moving into production and experiencing significant and constant swings in user demand. As a result, they need infrastructure that scales up automatically to make user demands or down to save cloud costs. For instance, during Q1, an American multi-national investment bank and financial services customer selected NGINX to help modernize the Kubernetes-based application. The customer’s existing solution was unable to provide multi-site resiliency for a service running within Kubernetes clusters. The customer selected NGINX Plus to provide multi-cluster, multi-site sale over. Customers are increasingly looking to F5 to help them solve an escalating volume of application security and delivery challenges and multi-cloud challenges and modern app challenges like scaling Kubernetes-based apps into production. These challenges and the complexity they entail are only mounting for our customers. We see F5 as an innovator, uniquely equipped to help them build and scale both the traditional and modern application environments. And the cloud-ready capabilities we are building with our Volterra and Threat Stack integrations only enhance our positioning and appeal. I’ll now turn the call to Frank to review our Q1 results and our outlook. Frank?
Frank Pelzer: Thank you, François, and good afternoon, everyone. I’ll review our Q1 results before providing our Q2 outlook and updated fiscal year 2022 guidance. As François outlined, our team delivered another very strong Q1. First quarter revenue of $687 million is up 10% year-over-year and above the top end of our guidance range. Please note, as I review our revenue mix, I will be referring to non-GAAP revenue measures for the year ago period. Q1 product revenue of $343 million is up 19% year-over-year, representing 50% of total revenue. Q1 software revenue grew 47% to $163 million representing 47% of product revenue, up from 38% in the year ago period. Systems revenue of $180 million is up 1% compared to Q1 last year. Rounding out our revenue picture, we see continued strength from our global services with $344 million in Q1 revenue. This is up 2% compared to last year and represents 50% of revenue in Q1. Taking a closer look at our software revenue, subscription-based revenue represented 81% of total software revenue, up from 77% in the year ago period. Subscription-based revenue includes a ratably recognized as-a-service offerings and our solutions sold as term-based licenses. Revenue from recurring sources, which includes term subscriptions as a service and utility-based revenue as well as the maintenance portion of our services revenue totaled 68% of revenue in the quarter. On a regional basis, in Q1, Americas delivered 17% revenue growth year-over-year, representing 59% of total revenue. EMEA was flat year-over-year, representing 24% of revenue and APAC delivered 2% growth, accounting for 18% of revenue. The strength in Q1 spanned customer verticals as well. Enterprise customers represented 71% of product bookings in the quarter, service providers represented 15%, and government customers represented 14%, including 4% from U.S. Federal. I will now share our Q1 operating results. GAAP gross margin was 80.3%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 83%. Along with our increased component prices, we anticipate continued pressures related to our supply chain in the next several quarters. We expect these pressures will result in some increased costs related to expedite fees and sourcing of long lead time components. GAAP operating expenses were $438 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $345 million. Our GAAP operating margin in Q1 was 16.6%. Non-GAAP operating margin was 32.7%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 16.3%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 19.5%. GAAP net income for the quarter was $93.6 million or $1.51 per share. Non-GAAP net income was $179 million or $2.89 per share. I will now turn to the balance sheet. We generated $90 million in cash flow from operations in Q1. We tend to see cash flow dip in Q1 as a result of the timing of cash receipts and billings amongst other factors. Q1’s cash flow is below our recent range because of two primary factors. First, we had strong multi-year subscription sales in the quarter. As a reminder, our multi-year subscriptions are generally sold on three-year terms. We built only one-third of the contracted signing with the remainder going to unbilled assets. Second, during the quarter, we also had some significant prepayments with our contract manufacturer associated with the components for future builds. DSO for the quarter remained strong at 55 days. Cash and investments totaled approximately $936 million at quarter end. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately $125 million worth of F5 shares or approximately 539,000 shares at an average price of $232. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $11 million. Deferred revenue increased 16% year-over-year to $1.576 billion, up from $1.359 billion. The growth in total deferred was largely driven by subscription and SaaS bookings and to a lesser extent, deferred service maintenance. Finally, we ended the quarter with approximately 6,550 employees up approximately 90 from Q4. This includes employees added with the Threat Stack acquisition, which closed in the quarter. François shared our Q2 revenue outlook and our updated fiscal year 2022 outlook in his remarks. I’ll recap our full Q2 guidance and fiscal year 2022 updates with you now. Unless otherwise stated, please note that my guidance comments reference non-GAAP metrics. Let me start with Q2. We expect Q2 revenue in the range of $610 million to $650 million as a result of supply chain related systems production constraints. Taking into account continued component cost increases, and the costs related to actions we are taking to mitigate supply chain pressures, we expect Q2 gross margins to approximate 82% to 82.5%. As François discussed, because we believe the current supply chain challenges are transitory and do not reflect the underlying growth trajectory of the business, we do not intend to adjust our operating model. We believe doing so with risk compromising our ability to deliver future revenue growth. As a result, we are likely to see operating margin pressure in Q2 and for the next several quarters. I’ll remind you that, historically, Q2 is our seasonal low for operating margins as a result of annual payroll tax and retirement benefit resets. That said, we estimate Q2 operating expenses of $357 million to $371 million. We anticipate our full fiscal year effective tax rate will be in the range of 20% to 21%, including the impact of our 19.5% Q1 tax rate with some fluctuations quarter-to-quarter. Our Q2 earnings target is $1.75 to $2.15 per share. We expect Q2 share-based compensation expense of approximately $65 million to $67 million. Let me now review our updated fiscal year 2022 outlook. We expect fiscal year 2022 revenue growth in the range of 4.5% to 8%, reflecting a reduction of $30 million to $90 million to our prior fiscal year 2022 revenue guidance. The higher end of this range provides for the potential of some additional supplier decommits. It does not, however, assume another step function deterioration from the level of decommit we have seen recently. We continue to be very confident in our software revenue growth range of 35% to 40% and expect to be closer to the top end of the range for the year. We also anticipate global services revenue growth of 1% to 2% for the year. Like other vendors, we have seen component costs and expedite fees escalate over the last year. As a result, in December, we announced we would be implementing a price increase of approximately 8% to our iSeries appliance platform effective February 1. We expect this pricing change will begin to positively impact gross margins in the second half of our fiscal year. We expect non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 29% to 31% for fiscal 2022 with Q2 representing the low point for the year, and operating margins are improving in Q3 and Q4. We remain committed to regaining our target Rule of 40 operating benchmark, where the combination of our revenue growth and non-GAAP operating margins total 40. We also remain committed to repurchasing $500 million in shares during fiscal year. With that, I will turn the call back over to François. François?
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Frank. In closing, I’ll note that we are making very good progress with our Volterra and Threat Stack integration, and you will be hearing more about our resulting SaaS-based solution offering very soon. We are laser focused on doing everything in our power to mitigate supply chain impacts for our customers. Our future growth and our long-term opportunity will be driven by our software and our imminently launching Software-as-a-Service, app security and delivery solutions. While we are solely disappointed that supply chain challenges have gated our ability to fulfill customer demand for systems in the near term, we are more confident than ever in our position, our strategy and our long-term opportunity. Our Q2 pipeline is strong, and we have good visibility into demand for the back half of our fiscal year. Our customers are faced with ever-increasing performance expectations for their applications, while at the same time, scaling to meet unprecedented demand and evolving their architectures to enable production scale container-based infrastructures. With our adaptive applications vision and our ability to serve any app anywhere, F5 brings cloud-ready solutions that close the gap between customers’ traditional and modern application environments. Finally, I extend my heartfelt thanks to the entire F5 team for their steadfast focus and execution. And thanks to our customers and our partners for being on our journey with us and providing guidance and support along the way. With that, operator, we will open the call to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] For our first question we have James Fish from Piper Sander. James, your line is open.
James Fish: Hey, guys. Obviously, after hours, getting a lot of the supply chain stuff and a number of your networking system peers took careful measures to ensure supplies and mitigate decommits. Why is this now impacting F5? Or why wasn’t it done last quarter? And what are you guys specifically seeing regarding your backlog that can really give us confidence that the demand side is still there?
François Locoh-Donou: Hey, Jim. It’s François, and I’ll take your first question. I – so let me just start from the last point of your question, then I’ll come back to the supply issue. On the demand side, Jim, you know that last year, our backlog continued to grow. I think we exited last year with a backlog that was at the highest level it’s ever been. In Q1, if you’re referring specifically to hardware, you saw that our hardware revenue was pretty much flat, but our backlog continued to grow in our first fiscal quarter. In fact, it grew by more than 10%. So based upon the demand we saw in Q1 and the pipeline we see in Q2, we feel very, very good about our demand and the health of the demand. And so the issue that we’re facing to be very clear is not a demand issue. It absolutely is a supply issue. And the revision we’ve just done to our annual guidance is 100% linked to the supply issue. Now to the first part of your question about what we’ve been doing to mitigate the issues and why are we facing this issue now. So we’ve been talking about for several quarters that our – the issue with our supply chain has deteriorated steadily. And last year, we were not able to ship the demand, which is why our backlog grew so much during the year. Things have been getting worse. And at the beginning of our fiscal year, when we were doing the planning for this year, we actually took into account the number of decommits that we were getting from various suppliers and a situation that was already very tight on a number of components. Over the last 30 days, though, we have seen a step function decline in the state of component availability from a number of suppliers. And that’s what’s caused us to relook at the view for the year and see that we wouldn’t be able to even ship the systems that we have planned to ship for the full year. To just give you a sense, Jim, the number of decommits, so we’re now seeing over 400 decommits per quarter. And we were running about 30% less than that even just a month ago. So we are – the situation is quite unprecedented. We are doing a number of things to mitigate these supply issues, working with our suppliers, of course, on escalations and allocations of supply to F5. We will be working on shifting some of our demand to – we’ve introduced new hardware platforms that are just starting to ship recently, and utilize more readily available components. So we’ll be working to shift some of the demand we have to these newer hardware platforms. And we have a number of mitigation elements in place to improve the situation but the supply chain is absolutely tight. The other thing that has changed in the last 30 days relative to where we were before is that we have been going to not just our suppliers but also when we couldn’t get the supply, we have been going to secondary markets, so on the open market through brokers to get part of our supply. And that avenue has dried up really in the last several weeks because I think everybody is in the same situation and going through that. So those are some of the changes that have happened in the supply recently.
James Fish: That’s amazing color, François. And keeping on the supply chain step as a follow-up, I mean, how much of the supply capacity are we now at given the decommitments, but also it sounds like a new arrangements with suppliers. And then in addition, you guys talked about a mitigation time frame for the fiscal second half. So does this mean we should expect upside to kind of fiscal 2023 for where we’re at or is there a risk to these orders getting canceled? Thanks, guys.
François Locoh-Donou: Thanks, Jim. Let me just make sure. So we don’t see any risk to orders being canceled. The demand we have is very real. Our lead times, unfortunately, have gotten progressively worse over the last five, six quarters, but we haven’t seen any change in – any increase in order cancellation, and we don’t expect to see that going forward. In terms of the timing of improvement, Jim, I want to clarify because we – there are two issues really at play here, and I want to make sure I give you visibility into both issues. So let me talk first about our fiscal year. So the $30 million to $90 million reduction to our revenue for the full fiscal year, that is linked to a struggle to get specialized networking chipsets that come from the big chip manufacturers and are kind of specialized chipset. The lack of supplier role is really what’s driving that $30 million to $90 million reduction. And we don’t expect to see – part of why we’re pointing to that reduction is that given the level of decommits we have in deliveries and the visibility that we have now from our suppliers. We don’t expect this situation with specialized networking chipset to get better until the very end of calendar 2022, which is when the new fab capacity will start flowing into parts to F5, and we will start to be able to ramp up our levels of shipments. So that’s the situation that is affecting the full year. As it relate specifically to our second quarter in Q2, we have an additional challenge, which is more standard electronic components, where we have had a significant decommit in the last few weeks that is affecting only Q2, because we expect to be able to qualify alternative parts relatively quickly and make those shipments in Q3 and Q4. So the second issue has a much shorter time frame to be resolved. The first issue is the bigger issue around the specialized networking chipset that will take several quarters before we see meaningful improvement there.
Operator: For our next question, we have Sami Badri from Credit Suisse. Sami, your line is open.
Sami Badri: Hi, thank you. First, François, and maybe, Frank, you could also help us as well. Can you just kind of unpack the growth algorithm of software and just how we got to this point, because you essentially exceeded expectations on a very strong comp prior year? Could you just unpack what exactly it was that got you to this result? So that’s the first question. The second question is, as I hear you describe the degree and the magnitude of the supply chain constraints, it almost sounds so strong that it would almost compel the customer to change architecture because of the degree of the effect that what’s happening, right, like it service, for example, what they had in mind. So how come – what’s going on when you guys are saying the delays and essentially, what sounds like a systemic problem is not compelling customers to, say, adopt more software type architectures or solutions and sticking to specifically hardware? And then, thank you, that would be great.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Sami. I’ll start with the second part of the question, then we’ll go to software, and I’ll start with software and then Frank may add to it. So Sami, as it relates to the supply chain issue, I just want to put it in the perspective of what our customers are seeing and what lead times they’re seeing. Historically, our lead times were two weeks or less. They’re absolutely world-class and I mean that’s sort of pre-2021. As our lead times got worse in 2021, they extended for four to five weeks. And I would say, for the last several quarters, we’ve been in that kind of five weeks zone. For orders that are placed today by customers, the lead times have extended, but they’re going to be in the range of 6 to 18 weeks depending on the platform and the specific product that a customer is ordering. So while these lead times are, of course, worse than we’ve ever had them, they’re still in the zone of kind of 4 to 4.5 months at the high end, which you can check with other vendors around the industry in our space, and you’ll find that those lease times don’t stand out as being worse than anybody else. And I think our customers have adjusted to having longer planning cycles for the environment that they’re building. So we are not seeing customers as a result of extended lead times start to completely rethink their architectures. I think if our lead times were to become 12 months or more, we would see a much different behavior. But we don’t see that and we don’t expect that even with the challenges that we’re having at the moment shipping to customers. So that’s on the first part of your question, Sami. On the software question, we did indeed have a very strong software quarter. And it’s because the three drivers of growth in software as part of our strategy, are essentially all going to plan. So, let me start with the first part. So the three drivers or what. It’s driving growth in traditional applications to software first and multi-cloud environments; second, scaling our modern application franchise; and third, security. So, let me unpack these three drivers for you, Sami. So the first one, we have seen broad-based strength in enterprise for software for BIG-IP. Specifically, I would say financial services and service providers were strong this quarter. We also saw kind of more resumption of customers who have said they wanted to move to software and have put that a little bit on pause in the first quarters of the pandemic. We’re seeing more of those customers moving with their migration to software-first architectures, even for traditional applications. And so that is helping with seeing very strong second term renewals and true forwards for our multiyear subscription agreements. So all of that is contributing to strength in traditional applications growth in software. The second aspect is modern applications, which we largely support with NGINX. We did over 500 deals with NGINX this quarter, which is a record. We’re continuing to see the size – the average size of deals increase, because of the additional products we have released as part of NGINX. And we are also seeing a lot of applications that are in Kubernetes environment go in production and scale. And what customers are really seeing with Kubernetes is that the networking and security issues that are associated with Kubernetes are pretty challenging, and Kubernetes really abstracts this complexity for developers, but NetOps team still have this complexity to deal with in the networking and security challenges for Kubernetes are very different than what they’ve got in a more traditional environment. And NGINX is really the ideal complement to Kubernetes to address these challenges. And so we’re seeing a lot of traction in these deployments. And the third driver is security. And security continues to grow faster than our overall product revenue. And this quarter, we saw strength in security across the entire portfolio. We saw strength in BIG-IP. We’re seeing more customers adopt our web application firewall. That has accelerated – and frankly, the Log4j vulnerability, brought awareness to a number of customers that either didn’t have our WAF or didn’t have it activated to really use that to protect their perimeter. So customers that had a WAF in place were able to protect their perimeter and then they have a lot more time to patch all the parts of their infrastructure. We’re also seeing customers move beyond web application firewall and add Anti-Bot and API security as a bundle. We continue to see growth in NGINX Security. And then Shape had a strong order. We have the – probably our best quarter in terms of new logo acquisition. We started to see broader-based adoption in new segments like service provider and also internationally with Shape, in part because of the continuing product maturity in part because of the go-to-market maturity that we now have. And we’re also seeing traction with cloud marketplaces. We completed the integration of Shape into Salesforce.com, e-commerce platform so that both technology is visible to all of the players in this marketplace, and have other integrations with cloud providers that are also starting to contribute. So, you look at across all three drivers of software, we really had strong momentum and strong execution, and we’re really pleased with where we are on software.
Sami Badri: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: For our next question, we have Amit Daryanani from Evercore. Amit, your line is open.
Amit Daryanani: Thank you for taking my question. I have two as well. First off, I’m hoping maybe you just help me reconcile the March quarter and fiscal year guidance. François, I sort of heard you talk about the two different component challenges that you have, but your March quarter guide, I think if I take it at midpoint implies in the first half, you’ll grow 3.7% and so. Then to you to hitch a full year guide at almost invites that you have to grow high single-digits in the back half of the year, June and September. So, am I doing this correctly? And I guess why the confidence that growth will snap back so quickly in the June, September quarter for you folks?
Frank Pelzer: Sure. Amit, why don’t I start with that one and then see if François has anything to add. So, I think François, I’ll try to articulate the difference of the near-term challenges we’re having in Q2 and some of those acute standard components that are just taking a bit of time to redesign into the solution, but we are able to make up for some of that loss in the back half of the year. And so it’s more acute because of just the timing of when we realize that this part that we expected to get this quarter is now not coming until next quarter, and it’s going to come in much less than what we initially had ordered. And so this redesign that we are doing for this part is not going to be in place in time with our manufacturers to affect Q2 revenue, but it will impact – will have ability to "catch up" on that in Q3 and Q4. And so that’s what gives us confidence that Q2 is the low mark when you take the combination of the two quarters that you just said, yes, for the first half that way, but we do make up for some of that Q2 demand in the back half on top of the ordinary demand that we would normally see.
Amit Daryanani: Got it. Perfect. And then I guess the second one and this almost seems silly to ask given all the hard questions you have. But on the software side, and François, you talked a fair bit about this, you did 47% growth on probably one of the more difficult compares. I think it was 70% last year. And your guidance on right down the full year would imply that your software growth will decelerate as you compare start to get easier. That seems a little counterintuitive. And I guess there’s a need to be conservative given the supplies and issues you have, but I’d love to understand why do being software decelerates after everything you talked about that business?
François Locoh-Donou: Yes, Amit, it’s a good question. We don’t necessarily think it decelerates. We are early in the year – and we gave a range for the full year of 35% to 40%. We had a very strong first quarter. We feel very confident about our software growth. In fact, we said, hey we think it’s going to be more at the top end of the range. But it’s too early to be changing that view for now. And what you should take away from our sense is that – we really like what we’re on software, and we think it’s going to be a very good software year.
Amit Daryanani: Fair enough and best of luck. Thanks for the time.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Amit.
Operator: For our next question, we have Alex Henderson from Needham. Alex, your line is open.
Alex Henderson: Thanks. So, I wanted to ask a broad general question about the behavior of enterprise’s purchasing approach, given the intense pricing pressure and supply constraints around hardware. As you’ve talked to CIO, CTO, C-suite-type people, has it resulted in a change in behavior where we’re seeing an acceleration in commitments to digital transformations mean switching prices, I think, just kicked their price up again this month. System prices are up double-digit and we’re forcing people into subscription around those hardware. A lot of people, I would think, increasingly wanting to get away from that. And that would play into your strength, I would think, to the extent that you’re such a strong player in the Kubernetes workspace workload space. So, can you address what you’re hearing from the C-suite on those thoughts about changing their behavior in a more tidy fashion?
François Locoh-Donou: Hi Alex, So, I would – first, I would say, Alex, our – we know we are going through an extraordinary situation as it relates to supply. Everybody along the value chain is feeling that and you’re seeing different type of behaviors. In some case, you are seeing some suppliers in the semiconductor space who are taking advantage of that to some extent [indiscernible] prices. And that, we believe, is a short-term approach that may have some benefits. But in the long-term, it’s detrimental to relationships. And so the way we look at it is our customers and our shareholders are going to be happy if we continue to have great long-term relationships with our customers and continue to be with them as they evolve their architectures. And so as we think about how do we balance the cost pressures with price increases. We are looking at it through the lens of also maintaining strong relationships with our customers for the longer term. So what always, from our perspective, we’re always going to have that balance in how we approach things. In terms of the way our customers are seeing things in our conversations, – of course, they want to get their products as fast as possible. In the case of F5, we are not seeing them – as I said before, we’re not seeing order cancellations. We’re not seeing them double ordering solutions because F5 solutions is unique, and you can’t replace them like-for-like for something else. And frankly, also because so far, we have managed to keep our lead times that are much better than what they’re getting from other vendors. So, we are getting increasing pressure, of course, from customers to try and supply to them faster. But we’re not seeing a dramatic change in their behavior towards F5 from what we saw through last year.
Alex Henderson: If I could follow up on a separate question. The service provider business historically has been in the 20% to 23% of revenue range. It’s been coming down persistently every quarter. I think you’re talking about 15% this quarter. It seems quite clear that with your shift to software and security that you’ve shifted away resources away from them. Can you talk about to what extent you’re shifting away from – intentionally shifting away from that space in favor of your higher-growth alternative areas?
François Locoh-Donou: Alex, I would not say that we are intentionally shifting away from the service provider space. We had a very strong -- through the last five, six quarters, we have very strong demand in the enterprise that has been broad-based. And so when you look at the mix overall service provider as a mix has come down. However, our service provider business itself has actually been growing very healthily over the last several quarters, including this last quarter. And also with what we’re seeing coming in the 4G to 5G transition, we see strong opportunities both in hardware and software with good service providers, with some potentially important deals to come over the next few quarters. And so no, we are actually investing into the service provider space, both for our existing platforms and Volterra that is also potentially a platform of very strong interest with our providers. We are starting to see more and more deals in the IoT space with service providers, oftentimes requiring scale to tens of millions of devices, which for that scale is served to hardware. So, we continue to invest in our service provider segment. I understand how you drew that perspective from the mix. Service provider has been only at 15% for the last few quarters, but it is growing in line with the rest of the business with very strong prospects to come.
Frank Pelzer: And Alex, just as a reminder, that 15% is of bookings, not of revenue and certainly not a total revenue. So as a proxy, you think you can go about it in relation to the product revenue, but that’s what it’s in relation to.
Alex Henderson: Thanks.
Frank Pelzer: Thank you, Alex.
Operator: For our next question, we have Rod Hall from Goldman Sachs. Rod, your line is open.
Rod Hall: Hi, guys, thanks for the question. I wanted to start by clarifying the backlog number. I think, François, you said it grew just over 10%. And I think you guys had called out $125 million of backlog last quarter. So is it right to think that, that backlog is in the ballpark of a $140 million this quarter?
Frank Pelzer: Rod, it’s in the ballpark for the system side. What François was referencing was the systems piece of the backlog, which, as we said in our K was the vast majority of that $125 million, but I just want to make sure you understand the net inflations…
Rod Hall: Okay. Could you just shave a little something off the $125 million and up by 10 plus, and that puts us in the ballpark. Okay, thanks Frank, that’s helpful. And then I wanted to just kind of ask a bigger picture question. You guys last year were talking about systems being stronger because people were locked down and they couldn’t test software in. This kind of comes back to what people might be thinking here. So, now you’re in a situation where you can’t supply systems people want. I don’t get why – because it looks to me like you’ve raised your software guide by maybe $12 million or $13 million from your midpoint of your $35 million to $40 million to the $40 million. But then you’re cutting your systems guide by $30 million to $90 million, so quite a bit more than that. So you’re not really getting that – it just seems like you should get an accelerating trade towards software if that dynamic last year is starting to unwind in your favor this year. So, I still don’t fully understand why the software is not going up more to compensate for the hardware weakness?
François Locoh-Donou: Rod, it’s a great question. So, I first want to remind you, Rod, that the – where there is an opportunity to substitute, if you will. Hardware for software is really in our big IT platform. But the drivers of software growth are across the entire portfolio. So that’s the first thing you got to remember. Second, when you say, "Hey, why is there not more a substitution in the IP of hardware for software, but it’s the first reason is because hardware demand is not weak. So that the hardware – the behavior of our customers as it relates to hardware hasn’t changed. The hardware demand continues to be strong. We saw broad-based demand in the enterprise on systems, security use cases continue to drive systems demand and we see security existing security customers even expand their F5 security footprints in hardware. And generally, application growth, traditional application growth continues, and therefore, our hardware demand to support those applications continues to be very strong. So there hasn’t been a change from a demand perspective – the issue we have is the supply issue. So that’s the second reason you’re not seeing a big substitution effect. Now you could ask, well, okay, but if our lead times get much worse, will that encourage more customers to change their demand from hardware to software? And on the margins, we think there may be a slight element of that, which is part of what’s causing us to say, "Hey, maybe we’re closer to the top of the range, but – to the top of the range on software, but we think that’s a marginal effect because when customers look to say, "Hey, I’m going to go to a software-first environment. First of all, F5 is not the only consideration that they have. There are other vendors that are part of their environment, that drive that architectural decision. And second, I think our lead times would have to really extend well beyond six months for just a lead time factor to cause our customers to really change and look at software. Now, with all of that being said, with the supply challenges that we’re having, our teams when working with customers, if a customer is on the margin and we need to go one way or the other. I think, of course, we’ll encourage them to move to software because they can get there much faster. But we don’t look to that as a thing that’s going to shift multiple tens of millions of dollars from one consumption factor to the other.
Rod Hall: Great. Okay, François. I really appreciate all the color. Thank you.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Rod.
Operator: Our next question, we have Meta Marshall from Morgan Stanley. Meta, your line is open.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thank you. I just wanted to get a sense – you noted kind of the shortages you’re seeing are two-pronged, both on the specialized chips and the more standardized components. Just wanted to get a sense of was the deterioration you saw more severe in kind of one or the other in the quarter? And just what guidance kind of implies the top, bottom of the range? Does one have to improve more than the other to kind of achieve those? And then maybe just a second question for me. We’ve seen a, the networking peers kind of build inventory pretty significantly or attempt to build inventories pretty significantly over the course of the last year. Just as going forward, getting out of this – sort of this kind of change on your thoughts on inventory stocking going forward. Thanks.
François Locoh-Donou: Yes, Meta just a couple of – let me start with the last part of your question. So we have been buying components with extraordinarily long lead times. Some of the components that were committed at the very beginning of this – that the calendar year for us were components that we had ordered more than 52 weeks ago. We have several 100 components today that have more than two years lead time. So we have been getting ahead of us for the last 18 months and making very strong advanced buys in anticipation of issues getting commitments from suppliers that, in some cases, after 52 weeks of waiting are coming back when the deliveries are due and saying, it’s not going to happen in the quantities you expected or the timing you expected. And so that – and we’ve been able to manage that through the last several quarters, but we’ve seen even a step function deterioration on that just in the last 30 days. Now to your question around is one issue more severe than the other in terms of the two issues we are seeing. I think there are really two dynamics Meta. The first issue, which is the specialized networking chipset from the large kind of specialized chip manufacturers, that issue is going to take a while to get better. It is about wafer capacity and more capacity coming online for us to get the products that we need to have ultimately. And that’s going to take several quarters. And in our – the range of 30 to 90 that we have assumed to be very clear – we have assumed that in there the potential for more decommits than what we have seen to date – but we have not assumed yet another step function deterioration from the levels at which we’re at today. So that’s kind of the $30 million to $90 million range. And to get closer to the $30 million, we would have to be successful in shifting some of the demands towards our newer platforms, and we’re already working actively on those programs. As it relates to the in-quarter issue of Q2, that specifically the standard components, this really is – it’s to do with the timing of the specific decommit for a couple of parts. That is really unfortunate for parts that we had on order for a very long time. And that the time of that, decommit makes it such that we can’t, we qualify the other parts and design around it and be able to ship in quarter. We will, we qualify there are alternatives available in the market. So we’ll be able to get our parts and we will be able to recover that starting in our Q3. So that’s more of a shorter-term issue.
Meta Marshall: Got it. Thanks.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Meta.
Operator: Our next question, we have Samik Chatterjee from JPMorgan. Samik, your line is open.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi, yes. Thanks for taking my question. I guess if I start with the non-supply question here. I think, François, you mentioned there’s no change in how you think about the business longer term, you’re not changing your operating model here, given some of the temporary issue, you’re seeing here, you reiterated buying back about $500 million of the stock. What’s the inclination or what’s the appetite to maybe aggressively do a bit more on the buyback given that the outlook for the business longer term hasn’t changed, but this temporary setback, obviously, is going to drive some weakness on the share price?
Frank Pelzer: Sure, Samik. So let me start with that one. We talked about the $500 million of share repurchase, maybe more ratably throughout the course of the year. We’ve established auto-mandatory repurchase programs associated with that. And so – but I’m not going to get into the ins and outs of the execution of that program, but it is – that we haven’t changed the level of commitment that we intend to make. It’s still $500 million. When exactly that triggers a TBD as we see how the stock plays out. But we do not anticipate moving that program up from $500 million because we want to stay balanced on the strategic reasons, why we entered into that kind of balance in the first place.
Samik Chatterjee: Okay. Got it. And just a follow-up on software. You’ve talked particularly last year about the true forwards that you will kind of benefit from or will be a deal win in terms of growth this year. How should we think about the trajectory of those? Are those more weighted towards the back half? I think in general, as we look at the risk in terms of your software guide. I think to an earlier question, it does imply some moderation in growth, which I think is more you just waiting for execution. But is there an impact there on the true forwards being more weighted for certain half of the year?
François Locoh-Donou: So the true forwards there – there’s some seasonality to them. What we talked about is really the second term of the multiyear subscription agreements coming into play, which resets the whole cycle of revenue recognition with the new – with the second term, and those were weighted in the back half.
Samik Chatterjee: Okay, great. Thank you.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Samik.
Operator: Due to time constraint, we will take our last question from Paul Silverstein from Cowen. Paul, your line is open.
Paul Silverstein: I appreciate for squeezing me in and appreciate all the questions in response to some supply chains. So I apologize that I’ve got yet another – and perhaps just to be clear already, but I just want to make sure I understand what you’re saying. If the $30 million to $90 million – if I understand you correctly that $30 million to $90 million shortfall relative to your – I trust your view, your understanding of when the new supply when those new fabs will come online hasn’t changed over that 90-day period. You didn’t expect to benefit from those coming online earlier than, what you now expect what changed with the decommits from your current suppliers, the specialized or core the available chipsets. Is that correct?
Frank Pelzer: Yes. Both assertions are correct, Paul.
Paul Silverstein: All right. François, is it a given that if you’re not losing, if your customers aren’t shifting to your software, the customers are purchasing the hardware, if they’re not shifting to your competitors, is it a given that your backlog will increase by $30 million to $90 million, whatever the ultimate shortfall relative to 90-day ago expectation. That’s sort of basic math, isn’t it?
François Locoh-Donou: Pretty much. I mean its forecasting back log exactly is – we’re probably not going to do that. But yes, our backlog will increase by multiple tens of millions of dollars starting this quarter, of course, in Q2, but even for the full year, yes, we expect our backlog to increase because we cannot ship the demand.
Paul Silverstein: If I could squeeze a little more. I’m going to apologize – I started to be clear, but given that you’re almost a full month into the quarter, why the significant range in the guidance for the quarter? Is it just like the visibility and confidence as to additional decommit’s, it’s just not – it’s sparse for like a better way to put it. What accounts for that dramatic range in the near term? I mean, you’ve only got two months left in the quarter. And I assume you had to build up supply previously as everybody else has been doing in terms of advanced ordering in order to ship against whatever you had expected, once again, why such a dramatic range?
François Locoh-Donou: Well, that’s a great question. And look, absent the significant supply chain challenges that we have, you would have probably seen a range that would be closer to sort of $20 million and the range is twice that for two reasons, and they’re both related twice that the first reason, Paul, is that this decommit with all this standard component, our teams are sort of working 24/7 to re-qualify to find alternative parts and be able to solve some of that in quarter – and so that’s – but we don’t know yet if we’re going to be able to do all of that kind of design work and get that to manufacturing and be able to ship these parts before the end of March – sorry, these products before the end of March to the customers. So there is an added uncertainty that comes from that. And then the second part of that uncertainty is also in quarter, we are looking to shift some of the demand to the newer platforms that are more readily available and how fast we can ramp those platforms, there’s also some uncertainty associated with that. So those are the two elements of supply that could go one way or the other that add a little more uncertainty to the call, and this is why you see the range. But I want to be very clear. Both are related to supply. They’re not related to some worries we would have about demand – and that the reason we of course, are working 24/7 to do this. It’s because ultimately, our North Star is getting products to our customers. And we understand that the lead times are extended for them, and we want to be able to satisfy the demand as fast as possible for customers that are waiting on this for their applications that are growing. So that’s our upstart, but that explains the range fall.
Paul Silverstein: I appreciate the responses. Thank you.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-10-26 04:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5 Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After speakers presentation there will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Also, today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I'll now turn the call over to Ms. Suzanne DuLong. Ma'am, you may begin.
Suzanne DuLong: Hello, and welcome. I am Suzanne DuLong, F5's Vice President of Investor Relations. François Locoh-Donou, F5's President and CEO; and Frank Pelzer, F5's Executive Vice President and CFO will be making prepared remarks on today's call. Other members of the F5 executive team are also on hand to answer questions during the Q&A session. A copy of today's press release is available on our website at f5.com, where an archived version of today's call will be available through January 25, 2022. Today's live discussion is supported by slides, which are viewable on the webcast and will be posted to our IR site at the conclusion of today's discussion. To access the replay of today's call by phone, dial 800-585-8367 or 416-621-4642, and use meeting ID 6879935. The telephonic replay of this call will be available through midnight Pacific Time, October 27. For additional information or follow-up questions, please reach out to me directly at s.dulong@f5.com. Our discussion today will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in the press release announcing our financial results and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that, F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. With that, I will turn the call over to François.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you Suzanne, and hello everyone. Thank you for joining today. On the pandemic conditions that have persisted far longer than anyone initially expected the F5 team delivered another very strong quarter closing out a robust year for us. Customer demand for application security and delivery amid skyrocketing application growth and heightened application security awareness are driving strong demand for F5 Solutions. This demand span our portfolio and our regional theaters in Q4 driving 11% revenue growth and our fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit revenue growth. We delivered 35% software growth, 12% systems growth and 2% global services growth in the quarter. With software revenue representing 45% of product revenue in the quarter and 80% of our software coming from subscriptions, we continue to mark milestone after milestone in our rapid transformation to a more software-led business. I will speak more about our business drivers and customer highlights from the quarter after Frank reviews our Q4 and FY'21 results and our outlook for Q1 and FY '22. Frank?
Frank Pelzer: Thank you, François, and good afternoon everyone. I'll review our Q4 results before briefly recapping our fiscal year results. As François just outlined, our team delivered another very strong quarter. Fourth quarter revenue of $682 million is up 11% year-over-year and above the top end of our guidance range. Please note as I review our revenue mix I will be referring to non-GAAP revenue measures for the year ago period. Q4 product revenue of $340 million is up 21% year-over-year representing a significant acceleration from 6% in the same period last year. Q4's software revenue grew 35% to $152 million, representing 45% of product revenue up from 40% in the year ago period. Systems revenue of $188 million is up 12% compared to Q4 last year when systems were down 8%. Rounding out the revenue picture we continue to see strength from our global services at $342 million in Q4, up 2% compared to last year and representing 50% of revenue. Taking a closer look at our software revenue, customers preference for subscription-based consumption models is evident. In Q4, 2021 subscription-based revenue represented 80% of total software revenue, up from 76% in the year ago period. Subscription-based revenue includes our radically recognized as a service offerings and our solutions sold as term-based licenses. Within subscriptions customer demand is driving substantial volume and value growth from our multi-year subscriptions. The deal volume of our multi-year subscriptions more than doubled year-over-year and is approaching 500 in total. This consumption model offers flexibility for the customer and through the annual true forward and normal renewal cycles offers us visibility to customers utilization and consumption patterns. In addition, we ended the year with more than 600 SaaS and managed service customers reflecting growth of 50% year-over-year. Revenue from recurring sources which includes term subscriptions as a service and utility-based revenue, as well as the maintenance portion of our services revenue totaled 67% of revenue in the quarter. On a regional basis in Q4, Americas has delivered 11% revenue growth year-over-year representing 59% of total revenue. EMEA delivered 11 growth representing 24% of revenue and APAC delivered 9% growth accounting for 17% of revenue. The strength in Q4 span customer verticals as well. Enterprise customers represented 69% of product bookings in the quarter, service providers represented 13% and government customers represent 18% including 8% from U.S. Federal. I will now share our Q4 operating results. GAAP gross margin in Q4 was 81.1%, non-GAAP gross margin was 83.7%. GAAP operating expenses were $427 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $350 million. Our GAAP operating margin in Q4 was 18.5%. Non-GAAP operating margin was 32.4%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 10.3%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 15%. GAAP net income for the quarter was $111 million or $1.80 per share. Non-GAAP net income was $185 million or 3.01 per share. I will now turn to the balance sheet. We generated $197 million in cash flow from operations in Q4. Cash and investments totaled approximately $1.04 billion at quarter end. DSO was 45 days and capital expenditures for the quarter were $7 million. Deferred revenue increased 17% year-over-year to $1.489 billion up from $1.273 billion. The growth in total deferred was largely driven by subscription and SaaS bookings growth and to a lesser extent deferred service maintenance. Finally, we ended the quarter with approximately 6,460 employees, up approximately 80 from Q3. This does not include approximately 90 employees added with the threat stack acquisition which closed in our fiscal first quarter of 2022. I will now briefly recap our full year 2021 results. For the year revenue grew 10% to $2.6 billion. Product revenue of $1.25 billion grew 21% from the prior year and accounted for 48% of total revenue up from 44% in the year ago period. [Indiscernible] grew 37% to $500 million, a beat on our outlook for at or about 35% growth for the year. Systems revenue in FY '21 grew 12% to $748 million. Global services grew 2% to $1.36 billion representing 52% of total revenue. Looking more closely at our software revenue, since fiscal 2018 we've grown our software revenue at a 49% compounded annual growth rate and our software subscription revenue at 115% compounded annual growth rate. GAAP gross margin in FY '21 was 81.1%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 83.9%. Our GAAP operating margin in FY '21 was 15.1% and our non-GAAP operating margin was 31.6%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the year was 14.4%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate for the year was 17.7%. GAAP net income for FY '21 was $331 million or $5.34 per share. Non-GAAP net income was $671 million or $10.81 per share. Application security is a big and growing reason customers turn to F5. Our application security offerings including DDOS protection, advanced vulnerability defense for web application firewall and bot, fraud and abuse protections are increasingly recognized as industry leading. As a result we estimate our standalone security product revenue grew 26% in FY '21 to approximately $350 million reflecting a 38% compounded annual growth rate since FY '18. Including bundled security offerings and an estimate for our services revenue associated with security we estimate the total application security portion of our business grew to more than $900 million in FY '21 representing approximately 35% of total revenue. Supply chain challenges have been well acknowledged across the industry over the last year. Our supply chain team continues to do an impressive job managing global supply chain constraints and working through our supplier ecosystem to manage through challenging conditions. At this point, like many others, we are working with extended lead times. In part as a result of supply chain constraints we ended FY '21 with approximately $125 million in backlog the vast majority of which is system based. Now, let me share our guidance for our first quarter as well as some color on our view for FY '22. Unless otherwise stated please note that my guidance comments reference non-GAAB metrics. Let me start with sharing our expectations for the first quarter of 2022. We are targeting Q1 revenue in the range of $665 million to 685 million implying roughly 8% growth at the midpoint. We expect Q1, 2022 gross margins of approximately 84%. We estimate operating expenses of $342 million to $354 million. Our Q1 earnings target is $2.71 to $2.83 per share with a share count of approximately $62 million. We expect Q1 share-based compensation expense of approximately $64 million to 66 million. Now let me share some operating expectations for our 2022 fiscal year. For the year we expect revenue growth of 8% to 9%. We expect software growth of between 35% and 40%. We expect the range of software variability we will see quarter-to-quarter will narrow relative to what we have experienced in the past. This is due in part to what we expect will be a higher contribution from ratable revenue over time and also in part due to increased scale of our software business overall. We expect systems revenue growth will be flat to slightly up for the year. And we continue to expect low single-digit global services revenue growth. I note that all of these revenue expectations are at or above our most recent Horizon 2 outlook provided in January with the Volterra acquisition announcement. We anticipate continued pressures related to our global supply chain in the next several quarters. We expect these pressures will result in some increased costs related to the expedite fees and sourcing of long lead time components. In light of this dynamic we anticipate non-GAAP gross margins of approximately 83.5% to 84% for the year. And we will continue to closely monitor this situation as we have throughout the past year. We continue to target operating on the Rule of 40 basis where the combination of our revenue growth and non-GAAP operating margins total 40. The combination of our strong FY '21 revenue growth and our continued operating discipline enabled us to achieve the Rule of 40 in four out of four quarters and FY '21 ahead of our initial Horizon 2 target. We continue to target achieving the Rule of 40 in FY '22. Given our anticipated revenue growth and the ongoing benefits from the cost reduction initiatives that we discussed at our analysts and investor meeting last year, we expect non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 32% to 33% for FY '22. We expect our typical operating margin seasonality, which translates to operating margins stepping down in Q2 and improving in the back half of the year. We anticipate our full fiscal year effective tax rate will be at around 21% with some fluctuations quarter-to-quarter. This estimate does not account for any potential future federal tax changes. We expect physical 2022 stock based compensation expense in the range of $250 to $270 million and capital expenditures in the range of $40 million to $60 million. Finally, for the year, we expect share count to remain at approximately $62 million shares inclusive of the expected share purchase of $500 million during FY '22 as we previously discussed. With that, I will turn the call back to François. François?
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Frank. A very strong fourth quarter results are the perfect tap to our robust out performance in FY '21. In the last 18 months our reliance on application both of businesses and our consumers have escalated sharply and likely forever changed. Our customers are massively accelerating digital transformation to keep up with current demand and forecasted growth. They are doing this while also working to consistently meet consumers high expectations for application performance and availability. And while also ensuring their application and their consumers data are secure. In my conversation with investors, I am often asked what is potentially misunderstood about F5? Let me address the key points here. First, traditional on-premise applications continue to grow counter to the prevailing expectations from two to three years ago. In fact, traditional apps are generating more traffic and more revenue than ever, because every aspect of life and business relies on applications. For F5, this means BIG-IP demand will continue to grow in both software and systems form factors. Second, contrary to early cloud height, the vast majority of traditional applications are not being refactored. They are either remaining on-premise or they are moving to the cloud with a lift and shift motion. In other words, F5 run applications are remaining attached to F5. As a result, BIG-IP is growing both on-premise and in public clouds. Third, modern container-based applications continue to grow at a rapid pace and not only for new applications. Customers are bolting new modern components onto traditional applications to improve the user experience. In many cases cloud-native application security and delivery simply are not robust enough to meet the application's needs. For F5 this means accelerating NGINX demand enabling app security and scale for modern application often as a complement to BIG-IP. And finally, given the volume of business and data that is now flowing through application and the increasingly distributed nature of applications, application security has taken on new significance. Where in the past network and infrastructure security was a focus for customers and vendors alike. We expect application security will be one of the hottest areas of investment over the next decade. F5 is one of the few players 100% focused on application security and we protect not just access to applications but also how they are used. As a result, we expect our role and reputation as a leading application security provider will accelerate. To sum up these points. F5 is differentiated and well positioned to benefit from significant emerging secular training. There are some companies focused on applications. There also are some focused on application security. F5 is the only one that is at the epicenter of these two secular forces with a focus, expertise and the technology assets to secure and deliver any application anywhere. Let's ground our opportunity in real customer trends and use cases. Last quarter, I talked about five sustainable customer trends we expected to drive demand across our portfolio. Let's revisit those trends with some customer examples from Q4. Number one, enterprise customers developers and DevOps teams are using NGINX to insert security earlier in the application lifecycle. NGINX with App Protect delivers robust application security for micro services with the flexibility and agility developers demand. In one example during Q4, we secured an NGINX win with a global insurance group. They are migrating their consumer-facing insurance services into a public cloud. For risk mitigation and security reason, they required a scalable and container friendly solution. They also needed enterprise-grade security capable of protecting their strategic high-value apps and guaranteeing risk management compliance. And they wanted all of this within a lightweight footprint that could drive automation saving time and money. NGINX with App Protect was the natural choice. Trend number two, heightened security concerns and high-profile ransomware attacks are escalating demand for top-notch application security and fraud and abuse mitigation. With pronounced application growth and an ever-expanding threat landscape including high-profile ransomware and credential stuffing attacks, we see growing demand for application security in cloud environments and rising demand for fraud and bot defense. During Q4 a North American electric utility experienced the credential stuffing attack resulting in substantial infrastructure failure. More than 6 million customers had to reset their account passwords. Based on their experience as a BIG-IP customer, the utility turned to F5 for help. Shape was emergency onboarded, identified high volumes of automated traffic and deployed highly effective mitigation measures to stop the attack. Trend number three. Customers are leveraging F5 for kubernetes, containers and cloud native architectures. Our growth in modern application continues to accelerate driven by NGINX, kubernetes and cloud-native deployments. We are seeing several top use cases emerge for NGINX including managing API, optimizing kubernetes' traffic management and load balancing cloud native and hybrid cloud applications. With customers modern applications experiencing significant and constant swings in user demand, they need infrastructure that scales up automatically to meet user demands or down to save cloud costs. During Q4, the Canadian online investment manager selected NGINX to move their kubernetes-based applications into production at scale. Initially, they attempted to use a competitive solution, but it lacked performance and did not integrate well with their HashiCorp console or with AWS auto scaling. NGINX plus delivered low latency and high uptime to improve user experience and integrated seamlessly with AWS auto scaling to spin down half of their instances during off-peak traffic demand. Trend number four. Customers are scaling their existing hardware-based infrastructures to handle accelerating application growth driving continued strength for BIG-IP systems. We are finding that customers are often looking to scale both their existing infrastructure and their modern apps infrastructure simultaneously. This is particularly true amongst tech and SaaS provider customers who continue to experience rapid adoption and growth of their digital products and services. In the latest of a growing list of examples during Q4, a high growth SaaS provider selected F5 to help them scale both the traditional apps on BIG-IP and their modern public cloud apps with NGINX. This deal was made sweeter by the fact that NGINX displays the competitor that wasn't performing as promised. Finally, trend number five. Customers are leveraging BIG-IP for transformation including cloud migration and automation initiatives. The demand we are seeing for BIG-IP systems and software is about more than just capacity additions. Customers also are choosing BIG-IP to drive transformation often combining it with NGINX. F5 is particularly well suited for enterprises that operate both modern and traditional applications, which most do. NGINX integrations with BIG-IP provide differentiation over competitor and cloud-native offering and we will extend this with integrations into Volterra at the edge. During Q4, the BIG-IP and NGINX combination was selected by one of the largest online betting companies in Asia Pacific. The customer who processes more than one billion annual transaction needed hybrid on-premises data security as well as the ability to support modern app development and new engaging multimedia capabilities. They selected BIG-IP and NGINX as the foundation for their digital transformation. Let me touch briefly on service providers and our Volterra integration progress before concluding our prepared remarks. We had a good year with service providers in FY '21. While it's true that several of the trends I have just described also apply to our service provider customers. They also face unique challenges as a result of 4G to 5G migration and growing 5G traffic demands. Thus far our service provider demand has come largely from 4g core network upgrades as they expand hardware capacity and upgrade existing infrastructures to handle 5g traffic.  We expect software use cases will begin to emerge as carriers virtualize their 5g cores. Looking forward our Volterra platform is generating significant interest from service provider. They view it as a way to insert their capabilities at the edge thus creating 5G in a box offerings. That offers a good transition to discussing progress on the integration of volterra. Volterra is a universal edge platform, which will enable us to insert critical application services at the edge and allow our customers to consume these services in a fast format. Our initial priority is on security offerings. We have one of the best, if not the best application security software stacks in the industry including our web application firewall, our DDOS protection, API security and bot capabilities. We are taking that entire security stack and integrating it natively into the Volterra platform. Our first priority is a SaaS security offering that will address the shift towards modern web apps and APIs and we are on track to deliver within our committed 12 to 18 months integration window. Our recent acquisition of threat stack, a leader in cloud security and workflow protection is designed to accelerate our SaaS security offerings with cloud endpoint telemetry and analytics for better detection and response. Threat stack also augments our telemetry and virtual security and technology expertise and I want to take this opportunity to once again that we welcome the entire Threat Stack team to F5. In closing, we are more confident than ever in our vision and in our ability to continue to execute. The combination of application growth, our expanded solutions platform, our continuously evolving go-to-market strategy and our vision for the future of adaptive application is resonating with customers and puts us at the epicenter of several emerging strong secular trends. I extend my heartfelt thanks to the entire F5 team for their steadfast focus and execution. As a team we have accomplished more faster than anyone even us thought we could. We've got more work ahead, but I am more confident than ever in our ability to achieve our goals. My thanks to our customers and partners for being on our journey with us and providing guidance and support along the way. With that operator, we will open the call to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Sami Badri with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Sami Badri: Thank you for giving me a question and you've given us quite a bit to talk about on this conference call. I want to shoot the first question over to Frank, and I want to talk about the backlog and the backlog composition. And you mentioned, the majority of system-based backlog, but I wanted to break down the customer mix of that backlog. If you could just tell us a little bit more about what's going on there?
Frank Pelzer: Sami, I don't have a lot more to add. I will say that at the end of the year effectively we just saw a continued increase in the backlog build more so than we could ship. At the end of Q4, a lot of service provider, customers probably fall into that realm, but having said that it's -- that was the 125 that we referenced and almost all of it is in systems.
Sami Badri: Got it. Got it. And then, François, just kind of shifting over to you. I want to talk about the U.S. Federal Segment and how that made up about 8% of total revenue mix. Are you expecting elevated levels of U.S. federal activity in the upcoming quarters, which would actually be almost out of the seasonal pattern of your model?
François Locoh-Donou: Well, the short answer Sami, is no. I think what we're seeing in the federal business just follows the regular seasonality that we've seen over the years and we don't expect the fundamental change to that pattern.
Sami Badri: Got it. Thank you. I'll hand it over to another analyst.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Sami.
Operator: Your next question comes from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks. A couple of questions for me. First on, just you obviously get a couple of instances of Shape security having success when they were facing a threat or there was an entry point where they really needed it. But in the past there have been some delays on proof-of-concept activity. And just wanted to get a sense of are you're seeing a pickup there? And then, on the second point just on the ability -- kind of gross margin impact you're seeing from costs. Is that mostly expediting? Is there any ability to pass that on, just how we should think of the supply chain overhanging the gross margins? Thanks.
Frank Pelzer: Hi, Meta. Thanks for the questions. Let me start on shape. Yes, a couple of quarters ago we did mention we were seeing the elongated times to close on these proof of concepts largely, because customers were not in the office and getting those bonds, were taking a little longer. We have seen that abate over the last few months. And so, we're seeing a pickup in traction and momentum there. And then specifically, I think in the e-commerce area. So we've got a number of customers whose applications are revenue generating and they're constantly under these either account takeover attacks or bot attacks that are causing disruption to their business. And so they want to move pretty quickly on getting things done. Either as an insurance, against future attacks or oftentimes when they're under attacks of course things go very, very quickly because their business is disrupted. So generally, we are happy with the quarter we just had with the Shape. And in general, Meta, I would say, the other thing we're seeing with customers is that the number of customers have been evaluating their security posture, as a result of some of the high profile breaches that have been well publicized and that has resulted overall in a very strong year for the fiscal year for us in security. But especially in the second half where customers have reinvigorated the motion of attaching security to BIG-IP and we've also seen the momentum with Shape and Security. So that's overall the picture we're seeing in security. As it relates to your second question on gross margins. Yes, our gross margins have been impacted by the challenges on the supply chain, whether it's some increase in prices on some components or some expedite fees to get our supply when we need it. So the supply chain generally has been quite a challenging environment. And generally, we have managed that pretty well with our team. But it continues to be a challenging environment. And so, we're going to continue to monitor the development there and we'll adjust over time as you need to.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Fish with Piper Sandler.
James Fish: Hey, guys. You guys, -- Frank, a little bit of a raise thereafter running through all those details. But can you help us a bit understand the amount of recurring software that is term license versus SaaS at this point? As it would suggest SaaS is, it's actually north of 10% of the overall product line today. And within that term license piece, while clearly both go together in organic. I guess, how specifically should we think about the growth rate of NGINX we exited this year?
Frank Pelzer: Yes. Fish, thanks so much for the comments and the questions. I think we have not split out those two components, but I -- what we like to see which we have continued to see is what it means to have that subscription piece that makes the number that we have to get for the coming year much less as a percentage of the software revenue given those dynamics of the subscription base. The split between what I would say is the term subscription versus the SaaS subscription, we have not split out that, but stay tuned. We're continuing to monitor and we'll let when that gets substantial. And I'm sorry, but I miss your second question.
James Fish: Just how should we think about the growth NGINX today?
Frank Pelzer: Yes. NGINX continues to grow incredibly well within the base. Again, this quarter, we saw from our multi-year subscriptions, NGINX was in more than 50% of those, which is driving great use cases on both sides. And on a customer basis, we continue to see strong growth on the overall customer base within NGINX obtain, NGINX customers. So, really, really happy with the progress we've seen in NGINX.
James Fish: And just quick hallmark piece for me. Threat Stack, so we think about that as a term licensed business or a SaaS business?
Frank Pelzer: That's a SaaS business, but that's ratable.
James Fish: Cool. Thank you guys.
Frank Pelzer: Thank you, Jim.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs.
Rod Hall: Great. Thanks for the question guys. I wanted to just check on the guidance and see whether you guys could give us any idea, what you're thinking on systems and software trajectory into -- in Q1? And then, I've got a follow-up to that. Thanks.
François Locoh-Donou: Hey, Rod, as you know, we don't guide on a quarterly basis, do a breakdown of hardware to software. But I mean the indicators that I would give you -- yes, I mean, you saw the annual guidance for revenue around 8% to 9%. For software we're guiding to 35% to 40 % for the full year. And hardware slight to -- slightly up on. On software in particular, I mean, Frank mentioned it, but I want to stress that, we guided to 35% to 40% last year for the full year. We finished the year at 37%. And but in inside the year there was strong variability especially in the first half. And what we -- we still expect to land between 35% to 40%. We do expect we will see less variability this year than we saw last year, in part because we have better visibility into a portion of our revenues that are coming from business that is already contracted. And also in part because of the scale of the business. So expect us to lay in, in the range for the full fiscal year. We've always said that quarter-to-quarter there could be some variability above or below that range, but we expect that variability will be less pronounced.
Rod Hall: Okay; Thanks François. And then I guess big picture, I wanted to check the -- just you're thinking on systems in 2022. When I look at 2018, 2019 and 2020, all three years and systems are down. 2020 was down 10%. And then you grew systems 12 and 2021. And I recognize you're saying flat and slightly down, but sort of I'm thinking flattish in 2022. But what gives you confidence that 2021 wasn't an anomaly? We've seen that across a lot of different infrastructure companies that we cover they've seen a lot of demand in 2021. I think people are extrapolating that into 2022, but why is 2021 not a more of an anomaly than it is a new normal for you, I guess? Thanks.
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. And Rod, from our perspective, when we look at -- so our revenue grew 12% in 2021. And our demand was even stronger than that because we ended up with a backlog -- a large backlog at the end of the year. So when we look at that demand in 2021, some of it actually we think is, I wouldn't call it an anomaly, but we think some of it are transient factors that will go away. We think there was some element of a catch-up demand, because demand was quite depressed 12 months ago. And they also may have been a couple of specific factors earlier in the year when we announced our end of software development that some customers jumped on that to refresh quickly. So we think some of these are one-off factors, but we also think that there are macro factors that are not transient and that will proceed. And then that specifically, the traffic and usage of traditional application is growing and it's going to continue to grow, because these applications are generating more revenue, more customer loyalty and more large companies depend on these applications. And so, when you look at 2021, there's some element that's one off, there's elements that are not. When we look at that and project to the future, all of that tells us that the demand for BIG-IP as a franchise, so both hardware and software if you take that combination. We feel today that the demands for BIG-IP in the future even beyond 2022 will be better than what we would have said a year ago. Now, what will be the mix between BIG-IP hardware and software in the future is still tough to predict, because a lot of it depends on individual customer situations and when they're ready to migrate to software and when they're not. But if you take the combination of those two things, we certainly feel better about it today than we did 12 months ago and that's because of factors that are not an anomaly, those are factors that are kind of secular forces that will continue on.
Rod Hall: Great. Okay François. Appreciate it. Thanks for the time.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Rod.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Long with Barclays.
Tim Long: Thank you. Yes, two questions if I could as well. First maybe you guys mentioned the true forwards. Could you just give us an update on kind of what you guys are seeing on some of those larger term deals as it goes to usage, traffic growth, things like that? I think they were running ahead. So, any color you can give us on true forwards and what that means for your visibility into next year? And then second, thanks for the update on overall security. At the Analyst Day you also gave us a look into the cloud vertical. So I'm just wondering if you could kind of update us on how that cloud vertical performed in fiscal 21 and what you're expecting moving forward there? Thank you.
Frank Pelzer: Yes, Absolutely, Tim. So on the on the true forward, but we weren't specific. I would say though that the data that we saw this quarter was actually better than what we saw in Q3. I have to preference that by, it's a small group of customers that have hit their second term and they're in their multi-year subscription agreements with us. But we saw a fairly healthy step up between that initial term and the second term. And so that's all very quite positive. And then, in terms of the true forward expansions within the terms for those customers, that's a growing customer base. Again, that was a bit higher than where we were last quarter. I can't say that that's going to absolutely continue, but we're very, very optimistic by the progress that we've seen in the data that we've gotten so far today.
François Locoh-Donou: So, Tim, on your second question, just to clarify, when you said the cloud vertical. So when we talked about our cloud revenue at Analyst Day, we're talking about F5 solutions being deployed in public cloud environment very specifically. So in that number, which at the time we said was greater than 100 million, we do not include a lot of the business we do with hyperscalers, SaaS providers, cloud providers where we are in their infrastructure and helping them deliver applications. So that - but our -- what that definition clarified, are 12 number continued to grow. As you know, it's 100% software of course. And it has grown faster than our overall software growth rate continued this year. And where we are seeing a lot of traction in the last 12 months is -- in what we call private offers on marketplaces. And so essentially that is consumed as a utility by large enterprises. And it is increasingly the case that large enterprises have spent commitments with the major public cloud providers, and we've done all the integrations both technical and commercial that allow these enterprises to retire their spend commitment on F5. And we've seen an acceleration of that trend. And it's yet another way that we are removing friction in the consumption of F5 software in public cloud and we're getting the benefit of that in terms of growth. The other big area of growth team in public cloud is NGINX. A number of the NGINX deployment continued to happen in public cloud and cloud native environments. And we are seeing in NGINX, I think as I've shared before when you step back and you look at the success of the BIG-IP franchise over the last 20 years, one of the things that we did well was that BIG-IP consolidated a lot of functionality initially load balancing, but then security, authentication, encryption on a single platform. And that made things operationally much simpler for our customers and that that created the BIG-IP franchise. And we're essentially seeing the emergence of the same playbook with NGINX, both on-prem and in public cloud environments for modern applications. And the type of application security and delivery that we do in modern app is not necessarily exactly the same. There are things like ingress controllers, people feel that they have to secure, authenticate their API, so we offer API gateways. They need to encrypt their traffic inside their service mesh, so we offer that as well. And of course we offer security and protection. But when you take that suite of application security and delivery services we're seeing that playbook grow for NGINX and that's also one of the factors of growth in public cloud for F5.
Tim Long: Okay. Thank you. That's great.
Operator: Your next question comes from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.
Samik Chatterjee: Hey. Hi, thanks for taking the question. Also I guess, I just wanted to ask you on the out your targets that you have for 2025. You're already delivering 8% to 9% is your target for next year, that's about Horizon 2. In -- how you're thinking about kind of progress from here? Does it actually be moved towards the 2025 targets of double digit growth? Do you see this kind of setting up a base where you get to those targets faster than you expected? The reason I'm asking is I guess with all the enterprise, IT companies talking about strong demand, we often get the question from investors of how much of this strength is really secular versus maybe in some parts cyclical and driven by an investment cycle from the enterprise customer? So just trying to get better -- kind of how you're thinking about how this sets up for the out-years. And I have a follow-up. Thank you.
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. Thank you Samik. Of course, there is quite a bit of time between now and 2025, but here's I think the way if we look at it, Samik. I think when you look back at where we were 12 months ago on our Analyst Day and we talked about a long-term target of getting to double-digit revenue growth. We didn't put a year on it, but we felt that we wanted to get to that in a long-term target. If I look at back at where we're at today -- but I would say, the things that we thought would help us out around growth in SaaS and security growth with NGINX and our new value proposition. That's going roughly per plan and a part of view hat we had at the time. What is showing better is overall the demand for BIG-IP. And I think in that going better there's an element of it that is more of a secular trend that will go on for several years. And so that's kind of the mix. Now, if you step back from it, Samik, what we are seeing is three or four years ago, there was a view of the world, let's say, all apps are going to go to a public cloud and that's kind of the future of the world. I'm sure you're seeing from a number of industry data points including cloud providers actually saying that themselves that the reality for large enterprises is -- for the last many decades they have always been told that they just have to get to the next thing and everything is going to go to the next thing. And the practical reality of that is it hasn't happened. And there's a realization now that it's not about the next thing, it's about managing a heterogeneous environment and being able to run applications in on-prem environment, in public cloud increasingly at the edge, in co-location environment and enterprises are very comfortable that that's going to be the reality and the conversation has shifted not to how do I get to a single public cloud in the future, but more of an architectural conversation around, okay, I'm going to be in all these places. What is the simplest way, because that creates complexity for me. What is the simplest way in which I can manage and run my applications across this hybrid environment. And those conversations, like F5 has spent like five years positioning ourselves for this environment and we're having a lot of joy, because we're able to support customers on-prem in public cloud, in private cloud, in modern application increasingly at the edge and we feel that that's going to be a secular trend that's going to last for several years. So that that's what we're positioning for, Samik and that's what generally we feel good about the next few years.
Samik Chatterjee: So just to follow up there in terms of positioning the company and you talked about application security being one of the strongest growth areas that you're looking at. I mean, should we assume that most of the M&A that you evaluate going forward is going to be focused on that segment? Thank you.
Frank Pelzer: Well, first of all, we have -- I think I said before that we did three acquisitions in quick succession, it's pretty substantial acquisition between Shape, NGINX and Volterra. And so, when we acquired Volterra, we felt that we needed to really focus on the completing integrations of Shape and NGINX and Volterra in that period, and we're well on our way of doing that. And I think that's going to -- we continue to be focused on those organic integrations and extensions and now Threat Stack brings a very interesting new capability to F5 in giving us visibility into these cloud environments and being able to observe the environments in which cloud workloads are running, which complements very nicely the rest of our security portfolio, which as you can see is 100% focused on application security and essentially building the broadest portfolio and application security stack. So that's been the focus. In terms of potential future M&A, over time, we'll continue to evaluate building versus buying. You've heard me say before, we're very disciplined about that. We start always with our preferences to build, but if for a time to market reasons or there's an opportunity to do something that accelerates our vision, then we look at that. The focus of that will continue to be on fulfilling this vision for adaptive applications, which is essentially about the world of running applications for large enterprises, it's still very manual, fraught with complexity and fraught with fragility. And we have a an architectural vision that we think is going to bring way more automation to this world, way better uptime for applications, way stronger security and way better intelligence and insights about the performance of applications. And that's what we will focus on bringing that vision to our customers, bringing it to reality. And every single quarter organically or inorganically down the road we are making that vision more and more of a reality. And I think elevating F5 to more of a strategic a partner for our customer's digital transformation rather than a point solution player.
Samik Chatterjee: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Henderson with Needham.
Alex Henderson: Thank you very much. So I was hoping you talk a little bit about, now that the fiscal year has ended, what the transition between last year and this year in terms of market share for NGINX looks like? It looks to me like you picked up substantial share over the course of the year. Can you talk about that a little bit? My guess is you're up around 65% to 67% market share. Is that accurate within kubernetes workloads?
Kara Sprague: Hi Alex, it's Kara. We have - we're very happy with what we're seeing in terms of the adoption of NGINX. Now François mentioned that NGINX plays a variety of roles in an application. For example, one thing that is commonly reported is the use of NGINX as a web server. And it is true that we have overtaken apache and NGINX is the number one leading web server. There's other uses like reverse proxy, NGINX used as an API gateway and API management capability, and NGINX use now increasingly as a workload protection capability. And in those areas there's less l reporting on shares. And so at least the one that has very regularly been reported and we see consistent gains is the web server piece and we're very happy with the outcome there.
Alex Henderson: Okay. And could you talk a little bit about the degree to which you're able to identify the number of coders that are working with your technology, and to what extent there's a growth rate or a rate of adoption among the coding community. Can you talk about your outreach there and to what extent that that's one of the key building blocks as we go forward?
Kara Sprague: Yes. So, we've always had a very active community of engaged individuals around F5 technologies. Even if you go and you look at our capability in BIG-IP given it was one of the most programmable proxy solutions available in the market. We had a very active community of contributors who were sharing iRules-based solutions and are actively contributing and continue to actively contribute through our developer community. Now that community has grown even further as we extended our portfolio with NGINX. As just given NGINX has an open -- it's an open core model and the NGINX open source attracts a wide variety of application developers that use that as a fundamental technology for their solutions. That's an additional expansion of the developer community around that. And as we look ahead, as we're expanding our portfolio and looking into building what François talked about with the Volterra offering. We expect that to continue to be a very important part of our technology and our strategic direction as appealing to developers and providing them the tools they need to deliver excellent digital experiences.
Alex Henderson: So, no quantification though?
Kara Sprague: No quantification at this time.
Alex Henderson: Okay. If I could slide one last one and then -- can you talk a little bit about competition between Cloudflare, Akamai and other players in that space? Thanks.
François Locoh-Donou: Yes, Alex. So we are - but for the most part I would say we don't compete very directly with Cloudflare, that's not a significant overlap today. I think that will grow more as we introduced our Volterra platform to wide distribution post the integration, because we will play way more at the edge with SaaS security offerings for a wide range of customers. We do see Akamai specifically with Shape security in the -- protecting customers against bot attacks. And I think their approach is to bundle security with their CDN especially for customers that are using their CDN. We have an approach that's more about best-in-class efficacy for enterprise customers that place a significant premium on having world-class efficacy against bot attacks, and we do very well with that customer segment. So we're starting to see more and more competition with these players. And I think as a disruptor with our universal edge platform that competition is going to grow. But we feel very good about the attributes of Volterra. And when you combine these all these attributes that Volterra being as an Edge universal platform and you put there the best-in-class security stack that F5 provides from shapes, from BIG-IP. Yeah. I think you have a formidable offering for customers that want to consume security as a service at the Edge. I think that's going to be a best-in-class offering.
Alex Henderson: Great. Thanks thank.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you Alex.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Silverstein with Cowen.
Paul Silverstein: Thank you for squeezing me in. And I'm going to assume and hope on the last one, so I could ask my five questions. Put on a serious note, François and Frank, I'll apologize if you all have already answered these questions, because you all talk faster than I can listen. So with that big wind up. First off, with respect to the operating margin rebound as you all have referenced in the past, can you all give us any insight on the glide path considering the significant supply chain challenges that you face along with everybody else in the industry? And before you respond since it's on the same topic. If I heard you correctly, the 8% to 9% of your revenue guidance you provided for fiscal 2022, what are the supply chain assumptions with respect to that growth rate? What assumptions you're making underlying that? And finally also related can you address? I assume your visibility is that 8% to 9% visibility in general has improved as an increasing number of customers you provided with longer term forecasts. But I just would like to confirm that that is in fact the case that was fully has been continuing to improve if in fact customers are providing this longer term forecast. Thanks so much.
François Locoh-Donou: Yes, Paul. So let me let me start with your second question I guess first. So, in terms of what we what we think about for our outlook on the 8% to 9% and supply chain. As we said in the in the prepared remarks, it does not anticipate a materially better outlook in terms of our supply chain, even though you're able to get components, able for everything else. And so, we are assuming that we are looking at that 8% to 9% on what we believe we can ship and what we believe the demand will be for those products. In terms of the specific operating margin expansion, as you recall we had a 32% to 34% range that we tightened up to 32% to 33% largely driven by the gross margin hits that we have been seeing and what we expect to see, because of some of those supply chain constraints through FY 2022. And so, we are increasing obviously the efficiencies that we're seeing in the business by lifting that up from where we ended at that 31.6%. So at the midpoint almost 100 basis points increase. But we're doing that on the backs of having higher costs on the gross margin side, So actually some more efficiencies coming through the operating margin line.
Paul Silverstein: I think on the visibility question, and Frank, just to be clear, if the supply chain improves does that translate to better than 8% to 9%?
François Locoh-Donou: It could, but I don't anticipate that from what we see right now, Paul. I mean, if you know, again, we're early in Q1, so anything is possible. But what we've seen the -- obviously all of the things that we've been reading from the other vendors collectively, I don't think people are seeing the material - starting to see some improvement in the back half of FY '22 calendar which is our Q4 obviously. So it doesn't leave us a ton of room to catch up.
Paul Silverstein: Understood. And has visibility improved, because of long-term forecasting from customers?
François Locoh-Donou: The visibility on demand I think has improved. I think the visibility on supply has not. And so, matching those two up with long lead times it's hard to say that you catch up within a reasonable period of time.
Paul Silverstein: I appreciate the responses. Thanks so.
Operator: Due to time constraints we'll be taking our last question from Fahad Najam with MKM Partners.
Fahad Najam: Thank you for squeezing me in. I just want a classification. Your fiscal 2022 revenue guidance assumes $15 million of revenue contribution from Threat Stack. And am I correct that that is almost all entirely software recovering in nature?
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. 15 just to be clear, you broke up the first second, Fahad.
Fahad Najam: Okay. So the question is, if we exclude the Threat Stack acquisition, then you would hypothetically not have roughly 50% of your revenue coming from software, given the strength that you're seeing in systems. So, one, do you -- so it's kind of like undershooting your targets as you laid out in at the analyst day. Is there like something that you see there's a slowdown in terms of organic software growth? Just trying to understand how -- because I think at the Analyst Day you had highlighted that you would expect to achieve roughly 50% of you're revenue, greater than 50% of the revenue coming from software. So if fiscal 2021 is kind of 47% if my math is right then you'd expect significant acceleration in software in fiscal 2022? So just trying to understand what would change in software adoption going forward that hasn't yet happened in fiscal 2021?
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. No, Fahad, thank you. Okay, to be clear, we are in fact hitting our targets that we laid out our aim. So we said 35% to 40%, we did 37% this year and we guided to 35% to 40% next year. Whether or not we exit next year at a mix between hardware and software that is 50 or more of software. We've -- I think we will get there eventually because the trajectory on software is one of growth and we said over time, we don't think hardware will be an engine of growth. But frankly, if we don't hit that target largely because our hardware has totally overperformed, we will be very happy with that. And not just happy because of what's going on in the short term, but happy because what it translates to is A, that the BIG-IP franchise overall is doing better than we thought. And B, all these customers that are extending that time purchasing hardware and not making a transition to software, it creates a bigger install base for us to migrate to software down the road. So it actually it is very good news over time even for our software business. Because we have a much bigger real estate. So what we're focused on of course is if you look at it in absolute dollars, we will absolutely hit the target that we gave for software revenue for F5 in our Horizon 2. If those absolute dollars translate to 50 mix, that's fine. If they don't because hardware has over performed, we'll be happy with that.
Frank Pelzer: And Fahad just is there -- Francois stating what we said before. We said our exit rate 50%, that would be the equivalent of the 45% of what we just did in Q4. And so, the trajectory is absolutely heading in that direction and stay tuned, it's Q1.
Fahad Najam: Yes. And actually just to kind of follow up on that. So to your longer term targets circa 25, it seems like your business is actually projecting pass the -- towards software given the strength in hardware. I think I'm just trying to make sure that I'm understanding it correctly, but maybe there is actually fundamental improvement beyond for the -- what was laid out at the Analyst Day. It seems like the longer term targets of how you're going to be better than what was paid out. But again, it's -- as you've mentioned it's early days, but just trying to understand the framework.
François Locoh-Donou: I just would point to the obvious, but if we just did over 10% total growth in the first year of a Horizon 2 and so your basis comes out much bigger on which to build going forward. And so, we're incredibly excited about the trajectory of the business that we've been seeing. We talked specifically about FY 2022 guidance, more to come on the long-term target updates, but our focus is really on ending Horizon 2 at or above any of the expectations that we set at our Analyst and Investor Day as well as what we updated after the Volterra acquisition.
Fahad Najam: Appreciate the answers. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may not disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-07-26 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5 Network's Third Quarter Fiscal 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. Also, today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I'll now turn the call over to Ms. Suzanne DuLong. Ma'am, you may begin.
Suzanne DuLong: Hello, and welcome. I am Suzanne DuLong, F5's Vice President of Investor Relations. François Locoh-Donou, F5's President and CEO; and Frank Pelzer, F5's Executive Vice President and CFO will be making prepared remarks on today's call. Other members of the F5 executive team are also on hand to answer questions during the Q&A session. A copy of today's press release is available on our website at f5.com, where an archived version of today's call will be available through October 25, 2021. Today's live discussion is supported by slides, which are viewable on the webcast and will be posted to our IR site at the conclusion of today's discussion. To access the replay of today's call by phone, dial 800-585-8367 or 416-621-4642, use meeting ID 5294198. The telephonic replay will be available through midnight Pacific Time, July 27. For additional information or follow-up questions, please reach out to me directly at s.dulong@f5.com. Our discussion today will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in the press release announcing our financial results and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that, F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. With that, I will turn the call over to François.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Suzanne, and hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I am pleased to share with you our very strong Q3 results. Broad-based strength across the business drove 11% revenue growth in the quarter, marking our third sequential quarter of double-digit revenue growth. We delivered 34% software growth, 13% systems growth and 4% global services growth in Q3.  F5’s business is benefiting from digital acceleration and application growth, as well as heightened demand for application security. Customers’ traditional apps are generating more revenue and more engagement than ever before. At the same time, customers also are accelerating adoption of modern application architectures like Kubernetes for new application.  With our expanded application security and delivery portfolio, we are uniquely positioned to solve our customers’ most significant modern and traditional application challenges on-prem, in the cloud, and across multiple clouds. I will speak more about our business drivers and customer highlights from the quarter after Frank reviews our Q3 results and Q4 outlook. Frank?
Frank Pelzer: Thank you, François, and good afternoon, everyone. As François just outlined, our team delivered another very strong quarter. Third quarter revenue of $652 million was up 11% year-over-year and above the top end of our guidance range. Please note, as I review our revenue mix, I will be referring to non-GAAP revenue measures for the year ago period. Q3 product revenue of $310 million is up 21% year-over-year, representing a significant acceleration from 3%% in the same period last year. Product revenue accounted for approximately 48% of total revenue, up from 44% in the year ago period. We continue to advance our transition to a more software-driven model. Q3 software revenue grew 34% to $129 million, representing 42% of product revenue, up from 38% in the year ago period.  Today, we offer customers annual and multi-year subscriptions, as well as the growing base of SaaS consumption models. Customers’ preference for these flexible models is driving growth in the subscription base portion of our revenue. In fact, since Q3 of 2018, we’ve driven subscription software revenue growth at a three-year compounded annual growth rate of 118%.  In Q3 2021, subscription-based revenue represented 78% of total software revenue, up from 73% in the year ago period. Customer adoption of our multi-year subscription continues to grow, providing much needed flexibility for our customers and future revenue visibility for us. These multi-year subscriptions are generally three-year term subscriptions and can be for BIG-IP or NGINX or a combination of both. With customers increasingly looking to F5 to support both traditional and modern applications, our multi-year subscriptions are more frequently including both BIG-IP and NGINX. In fact, in Q3, NGINX was part of over half of our multi-year subscription deals. We see continued strong system demand based on broad-based increases in application usage, continued growth of system-based security usages and 5G service provider usage.  In Q3, systems of $180 million is up 13% compared to last year when systems were down 12%. Rounding out our revenue picture, we see continued strength of our global services with revenue of $342 million in Q3, up 4% compared to last year and representing 52% of total revenue.  Revenue from recurring sources, which includes term subscriptions as a service and utility-based revenue, as well as the maintenance portion of our services revenue totaled 66% of revenue in the quarter. On a regional basis in Q3, Americas delivered 10% revenue growth year-over-year, representing 57% of total revenue; EMEA delivered 19% growth, representing 26% of revenues; and APAC delivered 3% growth, accounting for 18% of revenue.  The strength in Q3 spanned customer verticals as well. Enterprise customers represented 69% of product bookings in the quarter; service providers represented 15% and government customers represented 17%, including 4% from U.S. Federal within the government vertical. I will now share our Q3 operating results. GAAP gross margin in Q3 was 81.4%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 84.1%. GAAP operating expenses were $434 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $349 million. Our GAAP operating margin in Q3 was 14.8% and our non-GAAP operating margin was 30.5%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 4.9%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 14%. Our non-GAAP tax rate is lower than anticipated as a result of an election we made with our FY 2020 U.S. income tax returns filed in Q3. The election related to certain research and experimentation costs for tax purposes only and have the effect of reducing our non-GAAP effective tax rate in Q3. GAAP net income for the quarter was $90 million, or $1.46 per share. Non-GAAP net income was $169 million, or $2.76 per share. I will now turn to the balance sheet. We generated $182 million in cash flow from operations in Q3. Cash and investments totaled approximately $863 million at quarter-end. You will recall, in Q2, we initiated a $500 million accelerated share repurchase program. During Q2, we retired approximately $400 million worth of shares.  In Q3, we retired the remaining approximately $100 million worth of shares, reflecting roughly 449,000 shares purchased during the quarter. The average price paid per share for the full $500 million program was $199.90.  DSO was 53 days and capital expenditures for the quarter were $9 million. Deferred revenue increased 13% year-over-year to $1.44 billion from $1.28 billion. Finally, we ended the quarter with approximately 6,380 employees, up approximately 20 from Q2.  Now let me share our guidance for the fiscal fourth quarter. Unless otherwise stated, please note that my guidance comments reference non-GAAP metrics. Near-term, we expect customers will continue to invest to support both traditional and modern applications and the modernization of their application infrastructures. We also anticipate continued focus on and investment in application security.  Thus far, our supply chain team has navigated industry-wide supply chain challenges well. With all signs pointing to continued challenges for at least several quarters to come, we will continue to closely monitor the situation. With that as a context, we are targeting Q4 fiscal 2021 revenue in the range of $660 million to $680 million, implying roughly 9% growth at the midpoint. We continue to expect FY2021 software revenue growth at or around 35% and feel very good about our software momentum as we close FY 2021 and head into the back half of our Horizon 2 timeframe. We expect Q4 '21 gross margins of 84% to 84.5% and we estimate operating expenses of $346 million to $358 million. We also expect to achieve our fiscal year 2021 non-GAAP operating margin target of 31% to 32%. We anticipate our effective tax rate for the year to be approximately 19%. Our Q4 earnings target is $2.68 to $2.80 per share. We expect Q4 share-based compensation expense of approximately $62 million to $64 million. With that, I will turn the call back over to François. François?
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Frank. Our very strong third quarter results demonstrated the powerful alignment of our expanded solution portfolio and our customers’ most important application needs. Across the board, our customers are massively accelerating digital transformation to keep up with current demand and forecasted growth and to meet consumers’ expectations for application performance and availability.  But it is not just keeping up with application growth that is a challenge, customers are caught managing this robust growth across multiple infrastructures with applications in both traditional, monolithic 3Q architectures and in modern cloud-native and container-based architectures.  F5 is uniquely fitted to solve customers’ traditional and modern application challenges. Our flexible, programmable BIG-IP portfolio secures and delivers traditional applications whether in a systems or software-based form factor on-premises and in the cloud.  Meanwhile, our NGINX portfolio provides high performance application security and delivery for micro services in Kubernetes and container-based environment. And our shared security portfolio, we also bring industry-leading fraud and BOT protection against automated attacks.  So let’s talk about five sustainable customer trends resulting from accelerating digital transformation and driving robust demand across our portfolio. Number one, Enterprise customers’ developers and DevOps teams are using NGINX to insert security earlier in the application lifecycle. NGINX with App Protect delivers robust application security for micro services with a flexibility and agility developers demand.  And just one example, during Q3, we secured an NGINX win with an information services company that services high security customers in financial, Fintech, medical, insurance, and the U.S. Federal Government. The customer selected NGINX Plus with App Protect for its ability to deliver Layer 7 DDOS protection, reverse proxy and load balancing in a single unified solution.  Trend number two. Heightened security concerns and high profile ransomware attacks are escalating demand for top-notch application security and fraud and abuse mitigation. With pronounced application growth and an ever expanding threat landscape, including high profile ransomware and credential stuffing attacks, we see growing demand for application security in cloud environments and rising demand for fraud and BOT defense.  In an example of the strong customer interest in our Shape solution, during the quarter, a big brand athletic shoe manufacturer selected Shape to take on a sneaker Bot that was relentlessly attacking its retail sites attempting to siphon off shoes for resale. Through an exhausted proof-of-concept, Shape proved far more effective than a competitor at identifying and stopping the Bot attack.  Trend number three, customers are leveraging F5 for Kubernetes, containers and cloud-native architectures. Our growth in modern applications continues to accelerated driven by NGINX Kubernetes and cloud-native deployments. We are seeing several top use cases emerge for NGINX including API Gateways, Kubernetes Ingress Controller, NGINX App Protect and software-based load balancing.  Customers’ modernization efforts and the availability of NGINX controller and Enterprise-level app security with NGINX App Protect continued to drive larger NGINX deal sizes. During Q3, a large health insurance provider in the United States selected NGINX to help the teams manage their modern Apps. They deployed recently introduced NGINX Instance Manager to track, configure and manage their businesses NGINX Opensource and NGINX loss instances.  They also deployed NGINX as an Ingress Controller to manage secure communications between services that are both external and internal to the Kubernetes cluster. In addition, they are using NGINX to monitor Pods running in a public cloud provider’s managed Kubernetes service and adjust the load balancing rules based on Pod availability.  Trend number 4, customers are scaling their existing hardware-based infrastructures to handle accelerating application growth, driving continued strength for BIG-IP systems.  Last quarter, I spoke about the fact that some of our BIG-IP systems demand was being driven by cloud-based and SaaS providers. These global leaders are turning to size to help them scale their existing application infrastructures in support of continued rapid adoption and growth of their digital products and services.  In Q3, that strength continued with a global SaaS-based cloud service provider refreshing and expanding their existing BIG-IP infrastructure to efficiently and securely scale with rising demand.  And finally, trend number five. Customers are leveraging BIG-IP for transformation including cloud migration and automation initiatives. The demand we are seeing for BIG-IP systems and software is about more than just capacity additions. Customers also are choosing BIG-IP to drive transformation. When customers move traditional applications in the cloud, they are lifting and shifting with their size, choosing not to incur the time, cost, and risk of refactoring their application.  And just one example in Q3, in APAC, we won a deal with a large credit issuer with a two year plan to exit their own datacenters and migrate all non-mission-critical applications to the cloud. They chose a combination of Big-IP and NGINX software with a multi-year subscription consumption model to ensure flexibility throughout the process.  In another example of F5’s role in App modernization, an American multinational computer technology company is embarking on a large-scale project to build their own private cloud including repatriating cloud workloads to save costs and drive efficiency. They selected BIG-IP hardware and software, as well as NGINX to execute the project.  While several of the trends I have just described also apply to our service provider customers. Service providers also face unique challenges as a result of 4G to 5G migration and growing 5G traffic demands. We see Gi-LAN use cases gaining momentum globally as 5G devices are enabled. We are seeing 4G to 5G momentum growing for F5 in two ways.  First, for capacity augmentation supporting 5G rollouts. Second, with virtual network function and cloud-native network function-based architectures gaining traction to replace legacy infrastructures. In one notable service provider win from Q3, one of the largest mobile providers in India turned to F5 to scale its 4G network in preparation for its 5G deployment.  Before I wrap up our prepared remarks, I will comment briefly on our Volterra acquisition. The trends we are seeing across the business also bode well for the opportunity we see ahead with our Volterra platform. We continue to make good progress with our integration efforts and expect to have more to share about initial use cases in launch timing in the fall.  As I mentioned last quarter, we initiated a pilot program concentrating on specific use cases and focused on bringing F5 security to the edge. Our goal is to leverage Volterra’s organic momentum and early customer interest. Among service providers, the excitement and early interest related to Volterra continues to open doors not previously open to our size.  The combination of application growth, our expanded solutions platform and our vision for the future of adaptive apps is resonating with customers and is well aligned with industry trends. We expect demand for application security will continue to grow as application demand grows and customers scale and modernize their applications.  We believe that we are exceptional well placed with the right perspective and toolsets to solve our customers’ most pressing application security challenges. Our opportunity in application security is even more exciting than the ongoing integration of F5 and Volterra, which will bring Enterprise-grade F5 application security to the edge in an easily deployable SaaS model.  I will wrap up today’s prepared remarks by thanking the entire F5 team, as well as our customers and partners.  With that operator, we will now open the call to Q&A. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Tim Long from Barclays. Your line is now open. 
Tim Long : Two questions if I could, guys. First, curious if you could just update us on kind of how the cloud vertical is going for you guys, particularly on the software side, but also curious if you continue to see some good hardware traction there as well. And then second, just wanted to follow-up on the subscription software business. Could you talk a little bit about kind of what you are seeing with true-ups and consumption? Do you continue to see accelerated usage for the offerings? And if so, what does that mean economically? And what does that mean as you look into newer contracts where you might be seeing higher consumption levels than you would have anticipated previously? Thank you.
François Locoh-Donou: Hi, Tim, thanks for the questions. I will take the first part and then Frank will take the second part. So, let’s just talk about the cloud vertical. Generally, Tim, we continue to grow rapidly in public clouds, driven by increased software consumption of our BIG-IP systems and also rapidly growing consumption of NGINX in public cloud environment to scale Kubernetes, specifically deployments into production.  And the third factor there is the security attach rate in the public cloud continues to grow. So, that’s just how well we are doing in public cloud. But if you step back, I think, behind your question, I just want to go back to – if you look back to where we were three years ago, or four years ago when I joined F5, around the perfection of F5 is around public cloud. I would describe the bare thesis at the time as the following. We were told that traditional applications on-premise will not grow and would only decline. We were told that the traditional applications that would survive would be – would all move to the cloud and would be refactored and therefore, F5 would not have a role in these applications. And finally, we were told that all new applications, modern applications would be built as cloud-native and container native and F5 would not have a role in these applications, and all of that led to significant skepticism about the role of F5 in applications in the future.  If you look at where we are at today, number one, traditional apps are growing, the revenue generating apps and the COVID and the consumption of everything digital growing rapidly has led to traditional apps that are revenue generating growing rapidly and that goes on for BIG-IP.  Number two, the apps that are – not all the apps – the traditional apps are moving to the public cloud. A large number of them are not moving. But those that are moving, it’s largely a lift and shift and that benefits F5 tremendously because we are absolutely attached to these apps in the public cloud and that’s why our business in the public cloud is growing.  And number three, as it relates it to modern apps, we have a significant and growing role in modern applications with NGINX which is an enabler and becoming an enabler of scaling these modern applications and we have a role with them in BIG-IP. And so, you look at the picture today, Tim, it’s very different than the picture at least that the bare thesis had four years ago. And if you look at where our customers are today, Tim, they find themselves in a situation where they have traditional apps on-premises on private cloud that are growing and they are building these new modern apps and they are on a 20-year march to manage the right balance between those environments, between modernizing traditional apps, building and scaling modern applications.  And there is now a very powerful alignment between the portfolio of solutions that we have put together with BIG-IP NGINX in our security portfolio and the challenges that our customers have to resolve to grow and modernize their applications. And that’s kind of manifesting in our results both in what we are doing in the public cloud and what we are doing on-prem. Frank, do you want to address the second part?
Frank Pelzer: So, Tim, in terms of the true forward and the subscriptions that we are seeing, our average in both the year two and year three, we are ahead of where our internal plan was in the sort of low double digits uplift that we see in years two and years three. Our utilization that we are seeing in the contract in year one is actually pulling in by a month in the last quarter and all of this gives us increased conviction in our software as we head into FY 2022. 
Tim Long : Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee from JPMorgan. Your line is now open. 
Samik Chatterjee : Hey, guys. Thanks for the question. I had a couple, François, if I can start obviously from the software again here. One of the questions that we get quite often from investors and we got a lot of those this quarter is, even as you kind of saw good acceleration in software revenue sequentially in the third quarter, there is a similar acceleration that’s implied into the fourth quarter and then kind of into next year.  So, how much of that is just the momentum of the existing business relative to the true-ups or true forward, as well as subscription renewals that’s kind of influencing that if you can talk about kind of the confidence into delivering that sequential improvement as we go along into next year? Thank you. And then I have a follow-up as well. 
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Samik. So, let me start on software. Yes, we are – as Frank just said, our conviction in our growth in software continues to increase and continues to get stronger for a couple of reasons. The first is, we are indeed seeing very strong utilization of our multi-year subscription agreement getting better visibility into expansion and true forwards.  And so far, what we are seeing on expansion true forwards and even our renewal that the performance of these aspects of our software business is well ahead of our own internal targets. So, that is an important part of our confidence. But the second part is, on our confidence is that, we also have some catalyst in our software business that are starting to play out as we thought they would and perhaps even better.  If you look at NGINX, the momentum of adoption of NGINX is accelerating in part because we have a larger set of products and modules on NGINX from the investments we made a year-and-a-half ago. So, the Controller App Protect, the security piece on NGINX moving into API gateways, those are growing the addressable markets for NGINX and some of these catalysts haven’t even played out and will play into 2022.  We see growing demand for security, including Shape, and a lot of that is consumed in software. And BIG-IP is also growing in software, as I said, in public cloud and public cloud environment. So, if you combine all these, you answer that that we see a 5G opportunity that’s in software in 2022 for the 5G core. Those are all catalysts that we’ll continue to drive the growth that we expect to see in software.
Samik Chatterjee : Got it. And if you can just follow-up, maybe this is more for Frank. But when you give initial guidance for this year, you were expecting more of a top line growth of 7% to 8% and operating margins of 31% to 32% and clearly, top line growth has exceeded your initial expectations. But when I look at the operating margin, you are kind of towards the lower end of the range here.  So, how should I think about that? Was it like reinvesting some of the incremental growth that you got? Or was it more of the headwinds because of the supply chain constraints? Just trying to think through why not more leverage on the operating margin as revenue exceeded expectations?
Frank Pelzer: Sure. So, hey, Samik. A couple of factors that I will note. One is, obviously with the revenue outperformance we got natural commission expense and other things that go forwards higher expenses and what we would have otherwise modeled at the beginning of the year.  We also obviously absorbed Volterra into this model where we said we are not going to change our operating plan but we were going to absorb those expenses and that’s exactly what we did. And then, just other gives and takes that put us I think more in the midpoint of that 31% to 32% range not at the low end from our expectation. 
Samik Chatterjee : Thank you. Thanks for taking the questions. 
Frank Pelzer: Sure. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Rod Hall of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. 
Rod Hall : Yes. Hi, guys. Thanks for the question. I wanted to just go back to the software revenue. I am assuming that you are guided software close to 35% growth this year. If I can put the 35% in and I get a deceleration of growth actually in Q4 round about $145 million of revenue and I guess quarter-on-quarter growth – seasonal growth a little bit slower.  So I am just curious is that – does that makes sense to you guys? Are you expecting a slowdown in growth or the 35% if you will? I mean, can you just kind of help us square that all up and I have a follow-up. 
François Locoh-Donou: Hi, Rod. Well, we are not, as you know, we are not guiding hardware and software separately every quarter. We’ve said that we would drive about 35% software growth. For the year, we feel confident that we are going to do that. And more importantly, I always look at this as an overall trend for our software business.  For Horizon 2, we said that our trend in our software growth would be 35% to 40% and we still feel that that’s what the range is going to be for growth for FY’21 and FY’22. 
Rod Hall : Okay. 
François Locoh-Donou: Rod, I think anything on that… sorry. 
Rod Hall : You go ahead. 
François Locoh-Donou: Yes, absolutely. I think the only thing I would add is, with the same methodology that we use and given guidance for the – since we’ve been talking about our software business, and the back half of the year when that was looking like a pretty good uplift when we were talking last quarter. I think we bridged that quite well this quarter and leaving ourselves obviously plenty of room on the 35% for the full year.  And so, when we take a look, we take a look at the components that we know are coming in from the SaaS businesses, the true-forwards, and the pipeline activity of what we see. 
Rod Hall : Okay. And then, Frank, I had one for you too on deferred revenue. I was just looking at your long-term deferred increments versus your short-term. And I see a pretty good size in long-term deferred revenue increase in June over March and I was just curious, can you talk to us about the duration of the deferred revenue? And what specifically is driving the big increase in the long-term part of it? Thanks. 
Frank Pelzer: Sure. Absolutely right. So, it seems like we keep saying that that we had yet another record number of multi-year subscription agreements that bring in deferred revenue into that long-term bucket. Also we had a very strong Shape quarter, as well as other things that have got multi-year contracts. I believe the average duration on most of those was 2.5 to 3 years. And so, that’s what you are seeing growth in the long-term deferred revenue. 
Rod Hall : Great. Okay. Thanks a lot. I appreciate you guys. 
Frank Pelzer: Thank you, Rod. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of James Fish from Piper Sandler. Your line is now open. 
James Fish: Hey guys. Great quarter. Not to go back to the topic, but on the subscription side first, I guess, how should we think about kind of next year’s true-up in renewal opportunity understanding that fiscal’19 base is bigger than the fiscal’18 base.  But we are having some of these true-ups come in this fiscal year. I guess, can you kind of help us bridge the transition tier of how we should think about this true-up in renewal activity happening? And then, it sounds like we should think about it as kind of the 1.10, 1.20 kind of net retention rate. Is that the right way to think about it? 
Frank Pelzer: Yes, it’s the right way to think about it. And there is also an additional component with 606. So, the reason why that lapping is important than what you see in 2019 as opposed to the previous quarters and why I have said for the past probably six or seven quarters that in the back half of FY’22 is going to be interesting and when things start to look more consistent and the revenue growth is that, once you actually sign those new term subscription agreements, there is a whole new revenue recognition component associated with that.  And so the true-forwards are interesting. But that becomes the new baseline in which the new deal is signed. And then, in those three year agreement, 63% of that comes to product in the quarter that it is signed and the balance of that is ratably deferred into the services revenue bucket over the course of that three years.  And then, the true-forwards obviously have got an additive component to the product revenue in years two and years three. But that lapping year is actually when you see more pick up in the product revenue on the software side. 
James Fish: Makes sense, Frank. And it does look like your bookings and billings were up very nicely here 25%, not a metric we typically talk about with you guys, but as the software piece is becoming a bigger and bigger piece that makes consensus part two.  First, are you guys planning on introducing any new metrics here as we think about fiscal’22 an ARR metric or talking more to billings and then, secondly, on that billing strength this quarter, was it more on the product side or was it just really strong maintenance attached to these virtual BIG-IP and NGINX licenses? Thanks guys. 
Frank Pelzer: Yes, I’ll speak to the metrics question and let François take the back half. We continued to evaluate additional disclosures of metrics. I can’t make any promises of when that’s going to come. But we continue to think about what’s going to be the most stronger for the uses of our financial statements. 
François Locoh-Donou: And then, Jim, on the second part where the traction is coming from, there are two areas that I would point to you that’s driving this increase in subscription revenues.  One is security. We had a very strong quarter with Shape and in certain verticals, retail, financial services, the tech verticals, online gaming where we are – the customers have a heightened sense of the fact environment and awareness of the fact vectors and we are able to mitigate a lot of automated effects.  But not just mitigate Bot attacks but also more – it increasingly full filed that our traffic more intelligently leveraging Shape’s AI technology, which resulted in improved customer experience. And so, it’s making us really sticky in these environments and in these verticals.  The second thing in security is, we are seeing SecOps teams and DevOps teams increasingly wanting to deploy security earlier in the lifecycle of an application. And that points to the security capabilities or a size that we ported on NGINX. And so we think NGINX security start driving growth in our security portfolio. And since both Shape and NGINX are driving subscription-based revenue, you are seeing that increase there.  Then the second area I would point to is just more general adoption of modern application. One of the things that we are seeing over the last six months and I think it’s accelerated this quarter is, Kubernetes is going into production. A lot of customers have done development and test with the micro services container-based applications and they are now looking to scale these applications.  In a lot of cases, they are running into trouble and NGINX has all the capabilities to help them scale their Kubernetes clusters and it’s driving an acceleration in NGINX adoption in addition to the fact that NGINX now has multiple products controller, API gateway, et cetera. So, when you look at these factors, it’s accelerating adoption in NGINX.  One of the – I think the most obvious manifestations of this is, we have very strong momentum with NGINX, not in just any customer, but in our top 1,000 customers, the penetration of NGINX is growing and very strong.  In fact, just this quarter, if you look at – Frank said, we had a record number of multi-year subscription agreements and NGINX was part of more than half of those multi-year subscription agreements for the first time. So, it points both to the growth we are seeing with NGINX and Shape, but it also points to what I said earlier around the powerful alignment of our portfolio to the hybrid challenges that our customers face.
James Fish : Thanks, guys.
Francois Locoh-Donou : Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Meta Marshall of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Meta Marshall : Great. Thanks. A couple of questions. You've mentioned a couple of times you had a record quarter with Shape Security. Last quarter, you mentioned there have been some delays in proof-of-concept. So just wanted to get a sense of, is some of that strength of proof-of-concept is resuming? Is it kind of the security breaches that we've seen that have driven some of that strength?  And then, maybe just a second question, maybe for Frank is, kind of the SaaS application or cloud customer vertical, something that we should consider as being more than 10% of the business at this point? Or just any anything that would give us a sense of the size of that customer base at this point. Thanks.
Francois Locoh-Donou : So, Meta, let me start with Shape. So, last quarter, we did mention we had some proof-of-concepts that were taking a long time and that was exacerbated by the fact that customers are not in the office. And so, are pulling off this proof-of-concept and reducing the length of the sales cycle was difficult. We still have that issue.  And I would say, for customers that are not under any kind of immediate significant pain and can take their time to make their decision. That is still a factor and we hope that factor succeeds in the coming quarters, but it's still there. On the other hand, we also have a number of customers who are either under attack and need an immediate solution and oftentimes the solution they have in place are not effective enough for sophisticated attacks. Or they have a heightened sense that they are on borrowed time and need to put in place the most effective mitigation possible and for those types of customers the sales cycle is pretty rapid.  And in this quarter, we had more of these customers come to us. I would say there is also a maturing of the go-to-market, with teams being able to identify the verticals where this is mostly the case and focus their efforts. So, that's why the traction on Shape is accelerating. And then on your second part, Meta, on the cloud vertical, we don't break it down on sort of on the quarterly basis in terms of quantifying exactly how much that is. But, here is what I would say. When we look at where F5 is growing the fastest at the moment. If you take all companies that are either are in technology or in ecommerce or whose products are digital services.  So it would include all the cloud providers, then the SaaS providers. If you put all of these in a bucket, this is the area of the business for F5 that is growing the fastest at the moment and it's implicit why that because all digital services are growing rapidly and the consumption of these services are growing rapidly.  And that's driving growth for us across our entire portfolio Shape, NGINX and BIG-IP are all benefiting from that. And I would note that it's an interesting trend, because again if you go back four years ago where you would have thought that the tech companies who are perhaps the most aggressive at moving to the cloud, adopting cloud-native and container-enabled architectures would not be the customers that would stay on BIG-IP appliances and where you would have expected perhaps F5’s momentum to be less in the future. It's the complete opposite now where our momentum in that sort of vertical is very strong.
Meta Marshall : Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Alex Henderson from Needham. Your line is now open.
Alex Henderson : Great. Thanks. And I think you pretty clearly proven that you guys are a real play on the transition to the cloud with these quarters. I wanted to get into a couple of the items here. The first one is the conversion rate of NGINX to NGINX Plus. It's just pretty clear that since your acquisition of NGINX, that the percentage of – or the market share percent of NGINX has definitely gone up.  I understand it's up in the 67% plus range now, up from like 60%. And on voice share has gone from over 20% to low teens. So, clearly demonstrating that it's becoming the de facto standard. But can you talk about the conversion rate of NGINX to NGINX Plus and how that impacts your business? And the second piece of that same question is, if you've got a 5% increase in your subscription rate in the quarter in software, I think the standard kind of rule of thumb is around 2.2 times impact on the rate of growth as you convert from perpetual to software subscriptions. So, if it’s up 5%, does that mean it understated your growth in the true underlying growth rate by roughly 10% to 12%? Thanks.
Francois Locoh-Donou : Hey, Alex. I'll take the first part and Frank will take the second part. In terms of conversion of NGINX to NGINX Plus, so, as you noted, Alex, NGINX is getting a lot of traction. It’s now the most deployed web server in the world with north of 500 million websites using the technology. And so, yes, an important motion with NGINX is the conversion to NGINX Plus.  We have steadily gotten better about that in two ways. Number one is, because there is a broader set of products that can be offered either as part of NGINX Plus or in conjunction with NGINX Plus, the security capabilities, the API Gateway and now a controller that makes it much easier to deploy and manage these instances. There are more reasons for customers using opensource to want to have access to the commercial capability. And then, the second part is, what we have found out is, number of large enterprises, customers are not aware of how many opensource instances they have, how many versions they have, and/or they underestimate by sometimes a factor of 10 x the number of NGINX open source instances we have. And so, we've been able to bring to them a new technology, we call it an NGINX Instance Manager that allows them to discover the opensource instances that they have.  And oftentimes prompts them to look at that portfolio and ensure that it has the right support and oftentimes into NGINX Plus to have other access to better features and better versions. So, that's kind of the - what we are seeing in terms of better conversion rates on NGINX. But I would say, we are also getting Greenfield deployments with folks who did not have NGINX opensource in their portfolio.  Because as I said before, scaling these Kubernetes clusters and scaling these container-based applications is a challenge for many customers and what they find is NGINX is a platform that consolidate a lot of functionalities into one platform. And so, they don't have to deal with five or seven different vendors for different capabilities. So, all of that is why we are seeing that traction.
Frank Pelzer : Alex, and then, for the second part of your question, I would love that apps to work for all of our software bases, it does actually for the SaaS ratable piece of our software base. But with the adoption of 606 for our term subscription based model that one evens out a bit closer to the perpetual and subscription revenue recognition.  And so, that has – your math does work as that SaaS portion of our revenue continues to grow and the ratably recognized portion. But it's not completely apples-to-apples for all of those [Indiscernible].
Alex Henderson : Okay. And if I could just follow-up one last quick question. So, clearly as the dominant player in Kubernetes code as infrastructure, could you talk a little bit about your ability to hook into HashiCorp and to what extent your tight integration with HashiCorp is driving your adoption rates?  Clearly, they are setting up to come public and as they do, code as infrastructure, CICD pipelining and obviously there is the role of Kubernetes goes to center stage and you are obviously a critical piece of that?
Kara Sprague : Yes, I would say. It’s Kara. 
Alex Henderson : Hi, Kara. 
Alex Henderson : I knew I get and there is some out. 
Kara Sprague : We have hooks from a number of our products into Hashi's portfolio and we do have a strong, strong – we see customers looking for our integrations that are built into their. So for example, a few integrations from BIG-IP and the console that enable deployments and provisioning of BIG-IP resources through Hashi's console offering, as well as other integrations that we have.  But I would say that Hashi is but one example of a broad set of automation and orchestration capabilities that we've enabled across our portfolio. So, both NGINX and BIG-IP can be automated and provisioned and configured via a set of declarative APIs and our customers use that through Hashi. They use it through things like Ansible, TerraForm, as well as the number of other automation technologies.
Operator: Excuse me. Your next question comes from the line of Fahad Najam from MKM Partners. Your line is now open.
Fahad Najam : Thank you for taking my question. I guess, I had a very high-level question on your subscription revenue. The disclosed number that you have 73% of it being subscription. Can you give us a sense of how much it was from SaaS revenue? Was there any term revenue, a term software?
Frank Pelzer : Fahad, it’s Frank. It was 78% this quarter, 73% the year ago quarter and we don't split out those components at this point. But I do appreciate the question.
Fahad Najam : Okay. If I could, maybe ask kind of figuring out in terms of the opportunity you had in software growth. Can you help us understand in terms of the true-ups on land and expand nature of your business?  Can you give us some or share some data points, quantifiable data points that kind of show you landing and expanding on yourself, called customers who adopted your set of solutions, but as and then expands along with F5s traditional software solutions. Just kind of understanding how much of a true-up are you enjoying as you integrate more of Shape and Volterra solutions going forward?
Francois Locoh-Donou : Fahad, I don't know if I will get to what I think you want, which is an average of the true-ups or expansion that we are seeing at renewal with our customers. But let me just give you a few data points. So first of all, our subscription offers really started in earnest in 2019. And so, we are in the very early stages of going through these certainly the renewal of the multi-year subscriptions that now expired and gone to three years.  In terms of the ones that have gone through one year and so we've already had a chance to do the true-up. We are generally seeing expansion in consumption that is very healthy. So we are very happy about that. One of the things, Fahad, that we have worked on and I think now we're getting to a very good position is, in the first year it used to take a long time for customers get to get to 400% utilization of what they had committed to.  I think the first sort of deals we did, it took north of 20 months for customers to get to that. We have steadily brought that down to now customers in roughly five months or so get to 400% utilization of their subscription and so beyond then they expand. So we are gaining very healthy consumption and as a result very healthy true-ups. Renewals, it's early days. But I can tell you, we have had some renewals where we were close to 3x what they had committed two of the - in the first multi-year subscription. Of course, not all of them are that way. But it's just to give you a range of what we see there. So, those are some of the things that give us good – better visibility into next year and good confidence and continued growth.
Fahad Najam : Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani from Evercore. Your line is now open.
Amit Daryanani : Perfect. Thanks for taking my question. I guess, I have two as well. First off, I just want to just touching on systems growth and what you've seen so far it sounds to be much better than the Horizon 2 all the long-term target. So, remind us what is driving that growth? And should we think what this means for Horizon 2 growth for the systems segment?
Francois Locoh-Donou : Yes. Amit, the - what's driving the systems growth, I think, there are few micro factors in the sense that I think the IT spending environment right now is fairly healthy. And there is also a lot of consumption of digital services by consumers and that in turn is fueling growth in application, so, growth in demand for application.  I would say that is kind of the biggest micro factor, because what we see is a lot of our customers when they are refreshing their appliances, they don't go just for a refresh, they go for refresh and capacity expansion. And sometimes it's capacity expansion and transformation because they want to move in a private cloud environment.  And that's driven by there just more traffic and more usage of it even they are traditional applications. We see, as I said earlier, growth with digital and SaaS service providers and for them the growth comes from – they are sometimes their services, the demand for their services, whether it's collaboration platforms or ecommerce platforms or even SaaS providers, the demand for their services are growing rapidly and we are built into their infrastructure. And so that drives demand for our hardware, our systems into their infrastructure. And I would say, generally, there is also a fundamental change in stance, Amit, from go back three, four years ago, I would regularly hear from customers four years ago, look we don't want to buy more hardware, because we're going to move everything to the cloud. We are going to be out of our datacenters.  We've got to figure out our architecture and at the time we said there was a pause because people were thinking their architecture. There is not a single CIO that has told me this in the last twelve months. Every one of them – I think a lot of people have learned from the first implementations in public cloud, sometimes the cost and time associated with refactoring applications.  And generally, I think people are more comfortable that they are going to be in a hybrid environment for a very, very long time to come. It's not forever. And so they are comfortable growing their on-prem presence with hardware where it makes sense and leveraging the public cloud for other initiatives. And I think that that halo, that environment is very different than it was four years ago. And then, the last factor that has an impact on our systems business, Amit, is security. I said earlier that we had very strong growth in SaaS security with Shape subscription, security with NGINX. But we also have very healthy double-digit growth in hardware security and that's because the – all of these apps need to be secured and customers are aware of the risks. So they are moving forward with application security.
Amit Daryanani : Got it. That is truly helpful. And if I could just maybe ask you to clarify a little bit more for me. I think a lot of folks tend to think that if the software business grows 35%, systems has to be planned. It’s a bit of a either or math sometimes for people. Is it fair to say given what you just outlined with hybrid being the reality that you could have systems growth and software growth be more durable over time versus not?
Francois Locoh-Donou : Yes. It’s the - potentially a possible scenario. I would separate though, when you look at our software business, you've got NGINX and Shape. And I don't think there is any relationship between the growth of that part of our software portfolio and the growth in hardware.  When you look at BIG-IP per se, this is where we have seen and we try to continue to see some customers that we would have expected to have moved to software form factor right now that are delaying or reconsidering in part because of COVID, in part because of the immediate demand that they see on their application.  So that's where there is a – I would say there is some level of give and get on hardware and software. But overall, the software transition for us is absolutely accretive to the business and right now the drivers that we are seeing in our hardware business, we feel there are couple of one-offs that we talked about last time around our EOSB of seven products. But I would say the majority of the drivers we're seeing right now are pretty sustainable.
Amit Daryanani : Perfect. Thank you. Congrats on a nice quarter.
Francois Locoh-Donou : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Due to time constraints, we will take our last question today from Simon Leopold of Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Simon Leopold : Great. Thank you for taking the question. I wanted to see if you can talk a little bit from a market vertical perspective. In particular, federal was low for you guys this quarter at 4% of revenue and were coming into what's normally your strong seasonal federal quarter. So I want to understand whether there is something different in the current cycle in terms of your federal business?  Or whether we should expect federal to be strong in your September quarter? And then on Enterprises, if there is a way you could maybe characterize where we are in terms of kind of a post-pandemic recovery, is there some aspect to the current business that we may be could characterize as catch-up spend compared to the weaker spending we saw a year ago due to the pandemic? Thank you.
Francois Locoh-Donou : Simon, thank you for the questions. So, let me start with the Fed, the Fed question. There is anything – there is nothing particular for this quarter in terms of our bookings. They were there were in the range of what we typically expected in the quarter like this for the Fed.  We do expect a strong seasonal quarter in the Fed in our fourth fiscal quarter and we continue to be well placed to win some business there. There is, as you know, a lot of additional focus on security in that vertical and we are well placed to win and protect against some of the threats that we are seeing for our government customers. So, I think that's where our focus is with the Fed and that will continue. As it relates to your question on the Enterprise, Simon, remind me, is the question is are we going to see the same drivers?
Simon Leopold : Well, I guess, what I am trying to get at is, is there some element of the growth you are seeing now that goes away that is more about the cycle as opposed to the longer-term secular trend. I am trying to really discern between the two.  So you've got a relatively easy comparison with we get it, datacenter spending a year ago. And so, at some point than may be a year that peters out. So there is a cyclical aspect and a secular aspect of your business. I am trying to discern the two.
Francois Locoh-Donou : Okay. Well, Simon, it's a great question and I think specifically, in our hardware business, I think the elements of folks. And you are asking me which one is the 80:20. And I don't know that I have a good answer for you. I would say, yes. There is some of the aspects that are - I would say, cyclical is; A, I think the spending environment right now is healthy.  I think there is a little bit of a catch-up demand from – in our case FY’19 and FY ‘20 where people were kind of very cautious in the early parts of the pandemic and I think those two are somewhat cyclical. I think the aspects that are more durable are things like what we are seeing in the tech sector where I think the demand for digital services is just going to continue to grow and I don't see that stopping anytime soon.  And I think, generally, demand for traditional applications in hybrid infrastructure is also going to continue to be solid and I think that's the durable piece. And then the last element that's durable is security. I said we have healthy double-digit growth in hardware security and I think demand for security is going to continue for the foreseeable future.  So, both elements are part of what we are seeing right now and I think, time will tell I think in a couple of more quarters just to see how much of each is contributing.
Simon Leopold : Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-04-27 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5 Networks Second Quarter Fiscal 2021 Financial Results Conference Call.
 [Operator Instructions] Also, today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time.
 I will now turn the call over to Ms. Suzanne DuLong. Ma'am, you may begin. 
Suzanne DuLong: Hello and welcome. I'm Suzanne DuLong, F5's Vice President of Investor Relations.
 François Locoh-Donou, F5's President and CEO; and Frank Pelzer, F5's Executive Vice President and CFO, will be making prepared remarks on today's call. Other members of the F5 executive team are also on hand to answer questions during the Q&A session.
 A copy of today's press release is available on our website at f5.com, where an archived version of today's call will be available through July 25, 2021. Today's live discussion is supported by slides, which are viewable on the webcast and will be posted to our IR site at the conclusion of today's discussion. To access the replay of today's call by phone, dial (800) 585-8367 or (416) 621-4642 and use meeting ID 3461547. The telephonic replay will be available through midnight Pacific time, April 28. For additional information or follow-up questions, please reach out to me directly at s.dulong@f5.com.
 Our discussion today will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in the press release announcing our financial results and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call.
 With that, I'll turn the call over to François. 
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Suzanne. And good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today.
 I am pleased to be with you and to share with you our strong Q2 results. With a second consecutive quarter of 10% revenue growth and double-digit non-GAAP earnings growth in Q2, we are outperforming both our revenue and EPS goals. It is important to note that we achieved Q2's strong results with a different revenue mix than we expected early in the quarter. We delivered exceptional systems growth of 17%, while software growth was more muted than our expectation at 20%. During this call, we will discuss the market dynamics behind our product revenue mix in the quarter.
 The transformation we have worked persistently to achieve has put us at the center of applications, both traditional and modern, with a truly multi-cloud approach. As a result, we are benefiting from strong and sustainable macro growth drivers ultimately powered by application growth. Business and consumers' increasing reliance on applications has accelerated all prior expectations about the pace of digital transformation. Our customers across the globe are scaling their digital assets faster, resulting in growing demand for F5's application security and delivery solutions. With our strong overall results, our conviction in our opportunity, both short and long term, is stronger than ever, driven fundamentally by accelerating application growth. We feel very good about our future given robust demand drivers and our strong and differentiated market position.
 I will turn the call over to Frank to walk you through our Q2 results and our Q3 outlook.
 Frank? 
Francis Pelzer: Thank you, François. And good afternoon, everyone.
 As François just outlined, our team delivered another very strong quarter. Second quarter revenue of $645 million was up 10% year-over-year and at the top end of our guidance range. Please note, as I review our revenue mix, I will be referring to non-GAAP revenue measures for the year ago period.
 Q2 product revenue of $309 million is up 18% year-over-year, representing a significant acceleration from 10% in the same period last year and even more so from flat growth in the second quarter of fiscal 2019. Product revenue accounted for approximately 48% of total revenue, up from 45% in the year ago period. The progress we are making driving double-digit product revenue growth and the increasing mix of product revenue as a percentage of our total revenue are both strong indicators of our transformation momentum and the long-term health of our business model. As François noted, we are seeing stronger-than-anticipated demand across the board. Short term, more of that demand is coming from systems, leading to the quarter's product revenue mix.
 Systems revenue of $201 million is up 17% compared to last year, when systems were down 11%. Systems demand was higher than anticipated in the quarter, largely from broad-based increase in application usage and the corresponding increase in application traffic, continued growth of systems-based security use cases as well as the emergence of 5G-driven service provider demand. Against a particularly tough 96% growth comparison in the prior year period, Q2 software revenue of $108 million is up 20% year-over-year, representing 35% of product revenue.
 We continue to drive our transition to a subscription-based model, delivering record subscription volume in Q2, with subscriptions representing 79% of software revenue in the quarter. This is up from 73% in the year ago period. Finally, our global services revenue of $336 million is up 4% compared to last year, representing 52% of revenue. Revenue from recurring sources, which includes term subscriptions, as-a-service and utility-based revenue as well as the maintenance portion of our services revenue, totaled 64% of revenue in the quarter.
 On a regional basis in Q2, Americas delivered 6% revenue growth year-over-year, representing 54% of total revenue. Our EMEA and APAC teams drove strong growth in their regions, with EMEA delivering 16% growth, representing 27% of revenue; and APAC delivering 15% growth, accounting for 20% of revenue.
 The quarter's strength spanned customer verticals, with especially strong demand from enterprise and telco. Enterprise customers represented 68% of product bookings. Service providers and government customers each represented 16% of product bookings, including 6% from U.S. federal from within the government vertical.
 Let me now share our Q2 operating results.
 GAAP gross margin in Q2 was 80.1%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 83.4%, reflecting higher systems revenue as well as higher levels of managed service solutions and our usual Q2 seasonal decline in global services margins. GAAP operating expenses were $463 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $342 million, reflecting our usual Q2 operating expense seasonality and the addition of 2 months of Volterra-related operating expenses. Our GAAP operating margin in Q2 was 8.3%, and our non-GAAP operating margin was 30.3%.
 Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 17%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 20.2%.
 GAAP net income for the quarter was $43 million or $0.70 per share. Non-GAAP net income was $155 million or $2.50 per share.
 I will now turn to the balance sheet.
 We generated $128.5 million in cash flow from operations in Q2. Cash and investments totaled approximately $662 million at quarter end, reflecting both the cash used for the Volterra acquisition and the initiation of a $500 million accelerated share repurchase program. As a result of the ASR, we retired approximately $400 million of shares in Q2, reflecting 2.1 million shares purchased at an average price of $194.91 per share. We expect the remaining $100 million of ASR-related shares to be retired early in Q3.
 DSO was 52 days. And capital expenditures for the quarter were $9 million. Deferred revenue increased 7% year-over-year to $1.4 billion.
 We ended the quarter with approximately 6,360 employees, up approximately 200 from Q1, in part as a result of the Volterra acquisition.
 Now let me share our guidance for our fiscal third quarter. Unless otherwise stated, please note that my guidance comments reference non-GAAP metrics.
 Near term, we expect customers will continue to invest to support application growth and the modernization of their application infrastructures. We also anticipate continued focus on and investment in application security. It will come as no surprise that, like others in the industry, we are seeing some tightening in our supply chain. Thus far, our team has navigated it well, particularly given stronger-than-anticipated systems demand. Obviously this is an industry-wide challenge, and like others, we have mitigation efforts in place and we'll be watching it closely.
 With that as context, we are targeting Q3 fiscal year 2021 revenue in the range of $620 million to $650 million. We have accounted for the reduced supply chain visibility with a wider revenue range for our Q3 outlook, lowering the bottom end of our range by $10 million. While we do not expect to routinely provide product revenue mix guidance, we expect software growth for fiscal year 2021 will be at or around 35%, implying software growth in the back half of '21 exceeding what we delivered in Q2. Near term, we expect continued systems strength, with a slower growth rate likely in the fourth quarter.
 We expect Q3 '21 gross margins of 84% to 84.5%, and we estimate operating expenses of $338 million to $352 million. We also expect to achieve our fiscal year 2021 non-GAAP operating margin target of 31% to 32%. We anticipate our effective tax rate for the year will be approximately 21%.
 Our Q3 earnings target is $2.36 to $2.54 per share. We expect Q3 share-based compensation expense of approximately $63 million to $65 million.
 With that, I will turn the call back over to François.
 François? 
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Frank.
 The big takeaway from our Q2 results is that, across the globe, our customers are experiencing a pronounced growth in application traffic, which in turn is driving increased opportunity for F5. Customers across geographies and verticals are experiencing application demand well ahead of initial expectations and time lines. This escalating demand is coming on the heels of a prolonged period of sweating assets in anticipation of cloud modernization efforts and more recently pandemic-induced investment reprioritization. With no signs that application usage will slow, customers are urgently working to ensure they are able to support application traffic growth. The result for F5 is strong and sustainable overall demand for application security and delivery as well as a temporary change in customer buying behavior, evident in our Q2 product revenue mix. I will stress that, while we believe the opportunity around application demand is a long-term one for F5, we expect the current trend favoring hardware-based delivery models is short term. There remain a durable preference for software- and SaaS-based application security and delivery that will once again be evident in our results over the next several quarters.
 So let us dig into the quarter's demand drivers. I will frame my discussion with the 3 growth drivers we discussed at our November 2020 Analyst Day: one, ongoing software and subscription momentum; two, systems-based demand; and three, growing demand for application security in both software and systems form factors.
 We continue to see rising demand for application security, and increasingly, F5 is seen by customers as an application security leader. In fact, Q2 was our highest security quarter yet, with strength spanning both systems and software form factors across both traditional and modern applications. Where application security is [ threaded through ] virtually all of our customer interactions, both software and systems, for the purposes of discussion today, I've highlighted security use cases throughout both the software and systems form factor discussions. I will start our discussion with our software and subscription momentum anchored on trends we are seeing with application-driven demand.
 Our growth in modern applications continues to accelerate, driven by NGINX container and cloud-native deployments. We are seeing several top use cases emerge for NGINX, including API gateway, Kubernetes synchronized controller and software-based load balancing. Customers' modernization efforts and the availability of NGINX Controller and enterprise-level app security with NGINX App Protect are also driving larger NGINX deal sizes as we anticipated. In one example, our sales team successfully layered NGINX Controller with NGINX App Protect to enable one of the largest digital product companies in APAC to modernize more than 40 digital properties, replacing multiple competitors with NGINX Plus with app protect and controller. As a result, the customer got a much better ROI in a long-term subscription framework.
 Customers are also increasingly aware and appreciative of NGINX' extreme versatility. For instance, during the quarter, we secured an NGINX win with a regulatory body in APAC. The customer was facing 2 distinct challenges. First, they needed to refresh their electronic payment systems. And second, they needed to deploy microservices in a VMware Tanzu Kubernetes environment. NGINX proved the ideal solution for both. In the first instance, the customer moved from NGINX Open Source to NGINX Plus for the additional functionality and the added benefit of world-class global services support. In the second, they opted for a flexible subscription agreement which gives them the ability to scale NGINX both as a software ADC and as a Kubernetes ingress controller as they grow their microservices. And they are using controller for visibility and manageability across both use cases. Of note, NGINX was the only true multi-cloud solution they found able to work in both a VMware environment and the cloud.
 With pronounced application growth and an ever-expanding threat landscape, we also see continued demand for application security in cloud environments and rising demand for fraud and bot defense. With our Shape anti-fraud and anti-bot solutions, we are learning our win rate is best when there is significant automated traffic that can often circumvent traditional WAF protection. This is Shape's sweet spot. As an example, during Q2, a large credit union faced a massive credential stuffing attack, which their existing WAF could not defend. Shape could and did.
 While momentum in NGINX and modern application security software use cases increased in Q2, we experienced a notable shift in customers' delivery preferences for application security and delivery for traditional workloads served by BIG-IP. We continue to see growing demand for BIG-IP software in multi-cloud environments and expect the resumption of large-scale modernization efforts will remain a powerful growth driver for BIG-IP over time. Short term, however, we saw a mitigating factor to BIG-IP software demand which paradoxically was driven by continued application growth. Facing escalating application traffic, several customers opted to refresh and augment their existing infrastructure instead of transitioning to software or a cloud environment. When asked, they explain that the systems form factor offered an expedient way to get the urgent capacity their applications and users needed in a well-operationalized deployment motion. While cloud modernization and expansion are most certainly part of their future plans, they chose to deploy systems now. We expect this pattern with BIG-IP software is temporary and will moderate in the fourth quarter as customers resume BIG-IP software purchases in support of longer-term strategic projects and modernization efforts that COVID working conditions have made challenging.
 Stepping back. We continue to drive very positive software trends in the business. Our software subscription momentum continues, with 79% of Q2 software revenue coming from subscription-based sales, up from 73% in the year ago quarter. In terms of volume, the number of multiyear subscription agreements were up 32% quarter-to-quarter and more than 200% compared to last year. In addition, while it is early still, we are beginning to hit some multiyear subscription renewals, and we are also seeing positive signs there. During Q2, we achieved a 100% renewal rates on the long-term subscription agreements that expired in the quarter. In addition, 75% of those renewals grew over prior levels. While we've yet to hit the inflection point for renewals, we are very encouraged by these early data points. In addition, we continue to see utilization improvements. Our Q2 customer success metrics show long-term subscription customers are achieving 100% utilization sooner than ever before.
 Turning to systems. Part of F5's value proposition is our ability to offer our customers enterprise-grade application security and delivery solutions in multiple form factors, systems; software; and increasingly, going forward, SaaS. As I just discussed, sudden and rapidly accelerating growth in application usage led to accelerated customer demand for systems in Q2. Last quarter, we articulated several systems demand drivers. Another quarter in, we believe we have additional clarity around the drivers of our systems growth and we can break them into 2 broad categories: one, accelerating application traffic; and two, security, including emerging 5G-driven demand.
 To a large extent, I have already spoken to the accelerating application traffic. With surging application consumption, customers have urgent capacity demands to fulfill. As a result, several customers are opting to refresh and augment their infrastructure at a faster rate than we anticipated. Of note, they are doing so without a new systems platform from us. In some cases, the deployments coincide with the "end of software development" date we discussed last quarter, but broadly speaking, the underlying driver is the need for application security and delivery capabilities to deal with escalating application usage.
 We are seeing demand span geographies and customer verticals, from financial services to technology, to global SaaS providers. As a case in point, one of our biggest systems deployments this quarter was with one of the planet's largest cloud-based software companies looking to build a scale model for organic growth and the scale within their existing systems architecture. Similarly, last quarter, we had a sizable system deployment with one of the largest tech giants in support of their global web-based collaboration platform, and they scaled with their existing systems architecture. These are cutting-edge players, and in all likelihood, they will be among the first to move to software and cloud-based infrastructures in the future. However, today, because of the confluence of demand, the complexities of deploying and scaling in the cloud and the challenges of taking on transformative projects in a COVID-influenced environment, they are solving their application and delivery challenges with systems from F5.
 Wrapping up our growth drivers discussion, let's talk about systems-based application security, including a new driver, emerging 5G demand. As we have said for several quarters now, our systems business is benefiting from increasing demand for security use cases. Cross-sell of application security is driving systems growth as more customers look to consolidate vendors and combine ADC and application security functionality. Among enterprise and government customers, we also are seeing strong demand for web application firewall and continued strength in identity and SSL orchestration.
 The new driver that developed this quarter is emerging service provider 5G demand. We expected that, as 5G traffic began to flow from the radio edge into service providers' 4G core networks, we will benefit from increased demand given our strong position in 4G Gi LAN infrastructures. We initially and conservatively estimated 5G-related demand would begin to materialize in late 2021 or early 2022. In Q2, we secured several Gi LAN expansion projects, including a large Gi LAN firewall expansion with a North American carrier. These wins and other active opportunities suggest that we are in fact beginning to see the emergence of 4G core expansion driven by 5G demand.
 So what does all of this mean for our business and growth going forward? Fundamentally, we expect customers to transition to more software- and SaaS-based solutions over time. We are confident that the investments we have made, both organic and inorganic, and forward momentum our teams are driving position F5 as a significant beneficiary of that transition. This is true in the short term. As Frank said, we expect our software growth in fiscal year 2021 to be at or about 35%. And it is also true in the long term as software- and SaaS-based revenue account for a more sizable portion of our total revenue.
 We expect demand for application security will continue to grow as application demand grows and customers scale and modernize their applications. We believe that we are exceptionally well placed with the right perspective and tool set to solve our customers' most pressing application security challenges. Our opportunity in application security is even more exciting with the ongoing integration of F5 and Volterra, which will bring enterprise-grade F5 application security to the edge in an easily deployable SaaS model. We expect the recent high growth rates we have seen from BIG-IP systems will begin to moderate in the second half of this year. And we expect service providers' 5G-related demand will likely begin to migrate from systems to software in 2022 as their 5G cores start to hit production. In the meantime, we see demand for systems-based application security persisting over multiple quarters.
 Before I close our prepared remarks, I will say a few brief words about Volterra and our integration process. We launched our integration and value creation efforts immediately following the acquisition close on January 22. We are thrilled to have Ankur Singla and the Volterra team as part of our security organization, led by Haiyan Song.
 While we have work ahead, we are very pleased with the initial positive customer response. Early indicators show our vision of F5's Edge 2.0 is resonating with customers. We have started a pilot program concentrating on specific use cases and focused on bringing F5 security to the edge, with the goal of leveraging Volterra's organic momentum and early customer interest. Through this pilot, we will develop new business as well as derive customer behavior insights.
 As the first step in our long-term integration of F5's solutions and Volterra's platform, we have begun the process of strategically and methodically combining our best in web application and API protection security offerings and Volterra's innovative platform. We are also formulating our go-to-market approach and exploring ways to maximize the benefits with our channel partners. Only a few months into this integration, we are even more excited about the potential of this combination as we move into FY '22. We will continue to share our progress with you in the coming quarters.
 I will wrap up today's prepared remarks by thanking the entire F5 team again as well as our customers and partners. In particular, our thoughts are with the F5 team in India, their families and loved ones as they endure the extreme health risk and loss of life occurring there as a result of the current COVID-19 outbreak.
 With that, operator, we will now open the call to Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from James Fish from Piper Sandler. 
James Fish: François, you really talked a lot about the near-term benefit from systems and the expectation for it to get software bookings later on in the year. Are there deals already engaged for that cross-sell opportunity of, say, NGINX and other parts of software that you can point to that's already happening? And maybe, Frank, is there any way to quantify? Last quarter, we heard about roughly $10 million impact from the end of development. Was there another kind of $10 million this quarter of kind of pulling of demand or no? 
François Locoh-Donou: Jim, thanks for the question. The short answer is yes. There is -- we have a strong pipeline of software deals both for NGINX and for BIG-IP that will materialize in the second half of the year. What we did see this quarter -- so if you look at the software growth drivers, Jim, we talked about 3 growth drivers on software. And in that order, one is modern applications. Second one is security, and the third one is BIG-IP deployments in multi cloud. The first growth driver, around modern applications, is going very well, largely driven by NGINX exceeding our expectations and driven by the addition of the controller and security on NGINX and more and more customers deploying modern applications in these cloud-native and container-native environments. The second driver of security, also going to plan with more and more customers deploying security either in these modern application environments or on top of traditional applications both in systems but also in software form factors.
 The third driver of software growth is really the deployments of BIG-IP into multi-cloud environments and specifically some customers migrating from systems to software-first or cloud-first environments. And whilst we see continued growth on those BIG-IP deployments, what we did see this quarter is a bit of a moderation as -- on that specific driver as, customers that really need to increase their capacity to support application usage and application growth, a lot of them chose the most expedient way to deploy that capacity, which is in hardware where they're operationalized; and don't have the -- either the time or the mechanism right now, because of the COVID environment, to go and think about re-architecting things and moving to software. We do think that, that will resume in fairly short order, so we're very confident about software growth both for the second half of the year and for 2022. 
Francis Pelzer: And Jim, specific to your second question. I think, the end of that software -- the end of software development cycle that we saw in the beginning of April, that was one trigger, but it's really hard to split out exactly dollar-wise what was the drivers for everything. I think the others that we have to include in there are the capacity expansion that François spent a lot of time talking about in the prepared remarks, customers' depreciation schedules and then just their inability to continue to sweat the assets that they have probably for a couple of years now, some reprioritized budgets and a few other factors. If I had to quantify it, I think it's probably about the same as it was last quarter, but there are a lot of other factors that went into the strength of hardware. 
James Fish: Yes, totally understand and appreciate that. Just one more follow-up for me, if that's all right: Obviously a lot of major breaches occurred before you reported last time, and really that pipeline hadn't had a chance to necessarily build too much. I guess, what are you guys seeing? Obviously you're talking some really good security results on -- including the carrier side, not just the enterprise side, but I guess, anything to call out regarding that security pipeline for WAF given what happened with those breaches? And are there areas of security you guys might look to expand into to kind of bolster the portfolio overall? 
François Locoh-Donou: Jim, is your question specific to WAF? 
James Fish: Yes. 
François Locoh-Donou: Okay. So on and specifically on web application firewalls, Jim, we continue to see good traction there. It's one of the most in-demand use cases from our customers. We have seen that traction this quarter happen both in hardware form factors and either in stand-alone form factor or with customers sometimes bundling that with ADC. And we also see demand for web application firewalls in these modern application environments. And we're really pleased to see the traction with NGINX App Protect and which as you know is that effect we're seeing of having made the decision to port our security capabilities onto NGINX shortly after the acquisition. That's gaining a lot of momentum now. So we're getting embedded for security in these modern apps environment. And we also see that with BIG-IP. In terms of the portfolio, Jim, we really are focused on the web application firewalls, application security in general, API protection, DoS protection and bot management and mitigation. Those are really the areas of application security where we are placing focus and significant investments for the near future. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Meta Marshall from Morgan Stanley. 
Meta Marshall: Great. Maybe a couple for me. Just on the first, is there an organic software growth number that we have for year-over-year, I guess, excluding kind of the 2 months of Volterra that would have been included? And then -- and just maybe on kind of extrapolating on the last question, but just as you're deepening question -- sorry, deepening conversations and sales to encompass kind of more than one product, just sort of what are you kind of seeing, as far as sales cycles, for cross-sell opportunity versus maybe a point product? 
Francis Pelzer: Yes. So Meta, let me take the first one, and then I'll let François take the second. I think we talked about we were not going to split out Volterra because it is rather immaterial. And I mean super immaterial especially this quarter with only 2 months. And so I -- it's not enough to move a growth point, and so I will just say it's rather immaterial to the results of the operation. It becomes a critical asset for us, particularly in the out-years. And we're really, really excited by the excitement that we've seen within the customer base and our sales force already but, in terms of actual revenue results, really nothing to speak of from Volterra, but I'll let François address the other. 
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. Meta, in terms of cross-sell opportunities, a couple of things. Where we are really pleased is we are seeing more and more customers of F5 adopt multiple elements of our portfolio. And so more and more of the multiyear term subscription agreements that we are selling have multiple products from F5. And it's allowing us to elevate the conversation with our customers, really continue to elevate the position of F5 in a lot of these large accounts. And we're really pleased with the traction of these agreements. In fact, as a data point: The software multiyear subscription agreements were up 200% year-on-year in terms of the volume of transactions that we completed this quarter relative to Q2 of 2020. And this points to the number of our customers that are moving to these term subscription agreements where they can easily consume multiple of our products.
 In terms specifically of our progress on the new point solutions, I think Volterra is too -- it's really too early for us to speak to that because we're basically still through the integration, porting our capabilities onto the Volterra platform, including our security, so it's more over the next few quarters that we'll be able to speak to deals that are coming through on Volterra. And then on Shape specifically, where -- we are pleased with the value proposition. I mean the customers that use Shape are extremely pleased with the efficacy of the solution. It is best in class. A lot of times, we see customers who are -- actually already have solutions perhaps from another vendor, like a CDN vendor, but they're still under attack. And we come in with Shape and have a higher efficacy solution and can solve those attacks, as a point solution. Where we are seeing things take longer than we would have liked is in the COVID environment. When you have to go through a proof of concept and -- mechanically it's actually difficult to go through with. And we're finding that, in this environment, being incumbent and operationalized is a big advantage, but when you're trying to introduce a new solution that requires a proof of concept, the sales cycle is a bit elongated and it takes a little bit of time. And I will say that overall is the picture on cross-selling the various elements of the portfolio. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Sami Badri from Crédit Suisse. 
Ahmed Sami Badri: Congrats on solid results. The -- François, in your prepared remarks you talked about escalating demand. You talked about some of these other tailwinds, including 5G security and just service providers, going forward, but I guess I think the big question that we have is, as you see these incremental big drivers start to come in and how that actually impacts your full year guide, is there a reason why you guys aren't at a position yet to increase the Horizon 2 guide points at this point? Or is there a reason why you're being a little bit more conservative about the growth outlook and why not to increase the outlook? 
François Locoh-Donou: Yes, Sami, I think there are a couple of things. We are -- Horizon 2 is, as you know, an 8-quarter period. We are 2 quarters into that, so [ generally ] we feel it would be really early to make any change to our Horizon 2 guidance, but I think the what we can say is a couple of things. I think we are definitely seeing those trends of application usage go up significantly as a result of most of us, frankly, consuming more things online. And so more and more of our customers see more usage on their application, whether they are traditional enterprises or even cloud providers. As you know, we are embedded in SaaS provider stack or even cloud providers. I think you've heard me say before that somebody's cloud is somebody else's data center, and we are in those stacks. And a number of our cloud provider customers are seeing escalating demand for their solutions and they have to grow their capacity as a result, and we're benefiting from that directly. So we're definitely seeing that.
 As a result of that, we can definitely say that our hardware for 2021 will be in positive growth territory, for sure, given what we've seen. And even for Horizon 2, the performance of our systems will be materially better than what we thought it would be at the beginning of the Horizon. And I think those are the things we can say. There's a little bit of uncertainty we're dealing with, with the supply chain challenges that all vendors, I think, are seeing at the moment, so we're a little cautious about that. And we shared in the prepared remarks, I think Frank shared, that we took that into account a little bit in our guidance range, but in terms of the underlying demand, it is very strong. 
Ahmed Sami Badri: Got it. And then I just wanted to just visit U.S. federal demand. The presidential administration has been very active to raise and secure funds and modernize a lot of infrastructure. Are you -- and you guys came in, I think, relatively in line on your number for U.S. federal in fiscal 2Q, but when we think about the rest of the year and how things are going with U.S. federal, can you just give us a bit of an update in terms of how that is looking, just we can get an idea? 
François Locoh-Donou: I think, Sami, we don't see a fundamental change in the demand trends. The Fed business has been pretty strong, and we expect this to follow kind of normal patterns and given what we see in the pipeline today. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Long from Barclays. 
Timothy Long: Two questions, if I could. First, could you talk a little bit about the cloud vertical, which you broke out last fiscal year, I think, as $100 million? Can you just give us an update how growth has trended in that vertical piece of the business? And then second, on the software ramp for the second half of the year, it sounds like visibility is pretty good. Could you just give us a little more color? It's -- after a few quarters of kind of flat, it looks like a pretty big dollar growth. Are we to expect some ELAs or anything like that in the numbers to help the sequential revenue increases given that most of it's going to be on subscription? I would assume, if not, you'd need kind of a big scale of subscription deals, so any color you can provide there would be helpful. 
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Tim. So let me just start with the second part of your question, on software growth in the second half, and then I'll come back to the first part. On the -- so in terms of the second half of the year in software, Tim, there are a number of catalysts and drivers that have continued to gain strength. I talked about NGINX a little earlier, but these modern apps environment, we see them continue to grow. We have in fact a number of subscription agreements in the pipeline, but I would say the predominant factor is that the volume of software multiyear subscription agreements that we are signing is just growing extremely rapidly. They grew -- sequentially from Q1 to Q2, they grew roughly 30%, but if you look at it on a year-on-year basis, the volume of subscription agreements was up 200%. And it just continues in that direction. So we're getting visibility to this. We're -- at some point, we're going to hit also the inflection point on renewals of these subscription agreements. We're not quite there. We think that's more of a 2022 effect, but even what we're seeing today from the renewal rates of the ones that are coming to term and the true forward on the ones that have more than a year in maturity, those metrics are just excellent at the moment. So these catalysts are important. Security continues to be a growth driver and a catalyst for growth in software and then the cloud. And I want to come back to the first part of your question.
 The cloud continues to be a growth driver for our software. However, this quarter, it was a little less in terms of the growth rate. And the reason for that is because we think that there was a moderation in the number of customers migrating applications to the public cloud and specifically migrating more of these traditional applications to the cloud. And we think this is back to the effect we're seeing on our hardware business, where customers really sweated their assets for a long period of time, saying, "Hey, we don't want to deploy any more hardware because we're going to migrate to the cloud". And what we're finding is a lot of them, after having sweated their assets for a long time, are caught with increase in capacity needs that they have to serve very quickly. And the -- operationally, the best and the easiest way to do that is to actually go with hardware. And so that, we think -- and when you factor on top of that the fact that we're in a COVID environment, that moving from hardware to software or moving from hardware to cloud requires either re-architecture or working in collaboration across multiple teams, which is much more difficult to effect in this environment, then we're seeing that less customers are able to do that at the moment. We think, over time, the trend will continue towards these cloud migrations, but this quarter, it was a little more muted. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Samik Chatterjee from JPMorgan. 
Samik Chatterjee: Great. François, I just wanted to first start off with the implications of the reprioritization of spending that we're talking about towards a bit more systems, but you also talked about the 5G spend. Now as you put both of those together and think about longer term, is the outlook still for systems to decline in that mid-single-digit range? Or does -- some of this reprioritization, the increase in 5G, does that change overall how you think longer term about systems? And I have follow-up. 
François Locoh-Donou: Samik, depends on what we mean by longer term. So I'm going to speak within Horizon 2, Samik. As I said before, I think, 2021, we'll see for the full year our systems business will grow. And for the combination of 2021 and '22, I think performance for systems will be better than what we had anticipated in the beginning of Horizon, which was high to mid-single-digit decline. I think we'll be materially better than that. In terms of what this means longer term, frankly, it's too early to predict beyond Horizon 2. I would say, in terms of the hardware ADC space, we think, hardware ADCs per se, those are in secular decline and should decline and continue to decline over time beyond Horizon 2. And we're not seeing that in hardware security today. We'll continue to see growth in hardware security, and that represents more of a mix for us. So well, too early to make a determination in terms of what's happening beyond 2022.
 And specifically when it comes to service providers, what we are seeing, Samik, is right now a lot of carriers have put in place their 5G radio -- as you know, the first smartphones with 5G have come out in the fourth quarter of 2020. A lot of the spectrum auctions have happened. And so we're now starting to see utilization of 5G from the devices into the radio, and that is coming into the carrier core networks. Now most of these carrier core networks are still 4G and we have a very strong presence in a lot of these infrastructure. And so the capacity requirements are fulfilled by 4G capacity upgrades, and that's providing tailwind to our hardware business. And I expect that to continue for the next couple of quarters, probably a little longer. Now as you go into 2022, a lot of these carriers will start to put in production their 5G core. And those are virtualized and so that opportunity will turn into a software opportunity for F5. And we have already won significant design wins for these 5G cores. And we're in the process of doing first office applications and pilots and things like that before going into production in the next 6 to 12 months. So it's a hardware expansion opportunity today, and over the next 12 months, it will move to be a software opportunity in 5G cores for F5. 
Samik Chatterjee: Okay, got it. François, just as a follow-up, looking at the growth trends across the different geographies, I'm just trying to get a better sense of the variability we are seeing. Like Americas was a strong-growth -- strongest-growth geography for you last quarter. It's moderated significantly in terms of the growth rate while still growing, whereas EMEA and APAC are driving the growth this quarter. Is it like something on the ground that's impacting it in terms of like sales force, et cetera? Like what's really driving that amount of variability in the performance by geography? 
François Locoh-Donou: There isn't really anything of note. I would say, the service provider vertical, we have some important expansions in EMEA and APAC that help drive the growth there, but I wouldn't put too much into the quarter-to-quarter variability into the geographies. Overall, Samik, we're -- the strength in demand that we are seeing both in hardware and in the software subscriptions that I've talked about, that is across the board and across geographies. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Henderson from Needham. 
Alex Henderson: So I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the transition to hardware in the context of the launch of the integration of the Beacon technology; and a platform last year, in the spring, which does tie in the Kubernetes NGINX-oriented products back to the BIG-IP; and to what extent you may be seeing some refresh there in those systems because the admin, IT administrator, the CIO is able to bring some control back into the DevOps process and use that integration between the BIG-IP to the NGINX product to put guardrails in front of the DevOps people. Is that part of what's going on here as well? Or is it just simply that, last year, you couldn't do installs because things were so locked down that the installed base is aged and therefore it needed the upgrade? Is it -- could you give us a little bit more clarity around that?
 And then the other piece of that is with Kubernetes adoption, according to a recent [ Flexera ] number, is like 2x what it was a year ago; and 96% of companies saying they're going to go with multi cloud. Can you talk a little bit about what kind of integration you're doing with Hashi and partnering -- how your partnership with HashiCorp is [ setting up ]? 
Kara Sprague: Alex, it's Kara. I'll start on those. On the transition to hardware, I mean, we talked through a number of factors that are driving the strength and the robust demand that we're seeing in hardware today. One of those factors, I do believe, is around the strength of the portfolio is coming together. And customers are seeing F5's relevance in modern applications and strong relevance in security use cases. And certainly that's playing into some of what we're seeing, but I'd have to -- I really do think, if you go back to the script and what François has already addressed in the questions, the robust demand that we're seeing is really more of the latter that -- latter factor that you described. So that's at least the answer to your first question.
 On the second question, in terms of what we're doing with Hashi. We have a partnership with Hashi. We have several integrations in the BIG-IP space around various elements, including we make strong use of Terraform integrations to enable automation for our customers and to simplify their deployments into public clouds. And in addition, we're also looking at how -- we also have integrations in place to tie more into some of their orchestration tools like Consul to automate deployment and provisioning of BIG-IP offerings. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Kvaal from Wolfe Research. 
Jeffrey Kvaal: Frank, can we start with you with a question on the guidance, please? Could you help us parse kind of what you're thinking at the high end and the low end and what the impact of the systems mix would be in there? I mean typically, when companies widen a range, they often widen it on both ends. You widened it on the lower end, and I'm just wondering what kind of expectations and variables are built into that range. 
Francis Pelzer: Sure, absolutely, Jeff. So when we're looking at all the factors coming into setting guidance expectations in a normal cycle, if there weren't any supply chain concerns, we would have said $630 million to $650 million, with $640 million as the midpoint. And taking into account what I talked about in regards to just some less visibility than we would normally like on some of the supply chain components, we wanted to make sure that we gave the additional room of the $10 million on the low end. And so that's a result of the range. In a perfect world, it would still be that $20 million range, but we just wanted to be cautious with our outlook. 
Jeffrey Kvaal: Are you more concerned that you might not get what would have been at the midpoint, the $640 million number? Or are you more concerned that the mix might shift more heavily to systems than you thought? 
Francis Pelzer: No. I think, when we take a look out at the mix that we expect and the way that we talked about being at or about that 35% for software for the year, we're very comfortable with that outlook on the software side. The services, we didn't give exact numbers for that. And what's remaining is the systems side. And so when we take a look at that $10 million of risk, we see that $10 million of risk really in -- on the supply chain, certainly not on the demand side. As we've talked about, on multiple factors, the demand is quite strong. 
Jeffrey Kvaal: And then I guess, lastly, I think we would all look forward to a little bit more smoother trajectory in the software side of business. I think you had suggested that this March quarter was the last really, really tough comp period. How close are we to having a more volatile -- or a less-volatile software number from quarter to quarter? 
Francis Pelzer: Yes. I -- again I can't say with 100% clarity, Jeff, but I think 2 factors that I say in the back half of Horizon 2. And so when we're taking a look at the fullness of FY '21 and FY '22, we knew this was a 96% comp quarter for us going in and that there was going to be some variability. Obviously, in the last quarter, we had 70% with Shape, 35% without. And so the -- that range was right there where we thought it was going to be, and we think it's going to be a bit smoother from here. There will continue to be variability. Where we start to see a lot more clarity is when we start to lap some of the multiyear subscription agreements, and the bulk of that is going to happen in the back half of FY '22. And so we do have 4 more quarters of what I would say variability. I don't think the choppiness will be what you saw between Q1 and Q2 of this year, though we will continue to have some variability in that but starting in that lapping period. And then frankly, the denominator just gets so much bigger, so you don't have things that swing. We will start to see that as well. With the SaaS piece of the subscription continuing to grow as well, this is more -- when we take a look even beyond Horizon 2, that will become a lot more ratable in that factor and smooth things out. And so we do have some more choppiness ahead of us, but I think things really do start to smooth out when we take a look at the back half of '22 and beyond. 
Operator: Due to time constraints, we will take our last question from Paul Silverstein from Cowen. 
Paul Silverstein: Awesome. That means I could ask 5 questions, but I'll only ask 3 -- no. First off -- and François, I'll apologize because I know you've addressed this in other responses. And if you've fully addressed it, I do apologize, but I've got to ask you, first off, to the extent that it's probably not a bold statement to say you're not going to get credit from the investment community for the hardware strength. So I just want to make sure that I heard you correctly. You're asserting that the software weakness, relative to your original expectations, is entirely a function of a number of customers unexpectedly opting for traditional hardware systems due to urgency and addressing strong application growth and security needs. Is that what you're saying, or is there something else in particular? Is there any underlying weakness in software [ demand ]? 
François Locoh-Donou: No. The -- so if you look back, there are 2 factors for -- if you're specifically, Paul, referring to the software growth rate at 20% versus the 35%, 40% for Horizon 2, there are 2 factors. One, of course, is that, as Frank just alluded to, it was a high comp relative to last year, but yes, the other primary factor is customers that paused or moderated on migrations to software due to operational constraints. And that is reflected in the higher hardware number and a lower software growth number, and that is very specific to BIG-IP. It's not specific -- so in the other aspects of our software portfolio around NGINX and security, we had very strong growth. In fact, NGINX grew faster than overall product revenue again, but specifically with BIG-IP, the softness, if you will, in software there is directly correlated to customers choosing, unexpectedly to us -- and it was a little bit of a surprise to us, choosing to go to a hardware form factor instead of a software form factor in a number of cases.
 I would also add, Paul, that -- when you step back and you look at that, the overall demand for F5 technology is very strong. And as these customers continue to deploy BIG-IP, it increases our footprint. And when they do migrate to software, they will migrate with us. We've already proven that for the last 3 years. They will migrate on a BIG-IP software form factor. So for those customers that did that, it is a temporary delay in them moving to software, but there's absolutely there a substitutive effect of customers pausing on software, going more on hardware because they were a little caught by surprise by the surge in application demand. And given the COVID environment and the inability to re-architect and work across teams to go to software, they chose to continue and deploy hardware form factors. 
Paul Silverstein: Understood. So that's a form factor choice [ in this ] you're indicating. I suspect those customers choosing to remain on the hardware will eventually migrate to software, but it's not indicative of weakness in software per se. It's a form factor choice. Let me move on: I appreciate you mentioning that NGINX grew faster than overall growth. Any metrics you can cite with respect to Shape? Or anything above what you just said about NGINX in terms of quantifying what you're seeing from those 2 acquisitions? I recognize that Volterra is still at a very nascent stage, at least it sounds like it is, but anything you could add in terms of revenues, order book or other metrics that you can offer providing more color as to the progress on Shape and NGINX? 
François Locoh-Donou: No, I mean we shared, Paul, as you probably remember, at AIM some important metrics about the growth in ARR for Shape since the acquisition and the growth in the number of customers. We have continued to see growth in the number of customers. I would say the growth -- specifically the growth in ARR with Shape this quarter wasn't as strong as we wanted. And that's largely because we -- I was saying earlier that, for customers for which we need to do a proof of concept, in the current environment, for the same reasons that in some ways are keeping customers on hardware on the BIG-IP, effecting a proof of concept when people are not in the office and have to work across teams and collaborate and connect different systems together for proof of concepts to happen, it's operationally a little more complicated. It takes more time and it takes more motivation for customers to go and do that. And so when customers are in significant pain and they are under attack, it moves extremely quickly. When they're not, it doesn't move as fast as we want to. And that's part of what we saw this quarter with Shape, but overall, when you look at the efficacy of the solution and the satisfaction of customers and the way in which it's blocking an increasingly high number of automated attacks, we're very, very happy. And we think this thing about the difficulty of operationalizing proof of concepts and getting to a sales cycle is really a temporary thing with the COVID that will go away down the road. 
Paul Silverstein: Finally, François, just a clarification to -- in response to a previous question that you had. With respect to macroeconomic recovery and what you're seeing on a regional basis, I recognize it's still early, but given that the U.S. and U.K. in particular appear to be well ahead of Europe and perhaps other countries in terms of vaccination rates, any data points in terms of order book in the U.S. and U.K. or other metrics that would suggest what you should expect from other countries and regions as we [ eventually return to the 21st century ]? 
François Locoh-Donou: I would say generally, Paul, no. I don't think -- when I look at the patterns of spend for us: This quarter, it was the -- I want to say same last quarter. So you'll remember, Paul, I want to say, 3 years ago, we felt -- in Europe in particular we had a situation where the uncertainty of Brexit was weighing down on our numbers. And we could feel the spending patterns there being really different. This quarter and the last quarter, I would say, we don't feel that kind of difference. What we are feeling across the board is this -- everybody has gone digital. They're using their digital channels more and more, and it's causing the applications traffic to continue to grow steadily. And that's -- we're seeing the same in Latin America, Europe, North America, Asia. We don't see this difference related to COVID and where people are at in vaccination rates or coming back to the office. It's not really a first-order effect in our business at the moment. 
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to the presenters. 
Suzanne DuLong: Thank you all for joining today. We appreciate it. As we said, the call is recorded and the replay will be available on our website. Have a great day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-01-26 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5 Networks First Quarter Fiscal 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Also, today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]
 I'll now turn the call over to Ms. Suzanne DuLong. Ma'am, you may begin. 
Suzanne DuLong: Hello, and welcome. I'm Suzanne DuLong, F5's Vice President of Investor Relations. Francois Locoh-Donou, F5's President and CEO; and Frank Pelzer, F5's Executive Vice President and CFO, will be making prepared remarks on today's call. Other members of the F5 executive team are also on hand to answer questions during the Q&A session.
 A copy of today's press release is available on our website at f5.com, or an archived version of today's call will be available through April 27, 2021. Today's live discussion is supported by slides, which are viewable on the webcast and will be posted to our IR site at the conclusion of today's discussion.
 The replay of today's call will be available through midnight Pacific Time, January 27, by dialing (800) 585-8367 or (416) 621-4642. Use meeting ID 6055259. For additional information or follow-up questions, please reach out to me directly at s.dulong@f5.com.
 Our discussion today will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in the press release announcing our financial results and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call.
 And with that, I'll turn the call over to Francois. 
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Suzanne, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Our first quarter results showed a strong momentum in our business. We delivered Q1 non-GAAP revenue of $626 million, representing revenue growth of 10%. We also delivered 70% non-GAAP software revenue growth, systems growth of 5% and global services growth of 1%.
 Several quarters into the pandemic, several things are becoming clearer from a macro perspective. First, the realities of the pandemic have accelerated our customers' digital transformation in both business and consumer dependency on applications.
 At the same time, consumers' expectations about their application experience have increased significantly. As a result of higher volumes and higher consumer expectations, our customers are ramping their investments in their applications and the infrastructure needed to securely deliver them.
 In addition, incumbency is a significant advantage for F5 in the current environment. Customers want a trusted and operationalized partner they know they can count on. These micro drivers play to our strength, including our strategy to invest over the last several years in pursuit of our adaptive applications vision.
 Our continued investments in BIG-IP for multi-cloud deployments and the deliberate and early investments in both NGINX and Shape are enabling us to rapidly grow our application security and delivery footprint in modern application environments.
 I will speak more to our business growth drivers and momentum, including some customer highlights from the quarter after Frank reviews our first quarter financial results and our outlook for Q2. Frank? 
Francis Pelzer: Thank you, Francois, and good afternoon, everyone. As we previewed in our preliminary results announcement and as Francois just highlighted, we delivered a very strong Q1. On a GAAP basis, Q1 revenue was $625 million. First quarter non-GAAP revenue of $626 million was up 10% year-over-year and well above the high end of our initial $595 million to $615 million guidance range.
 Please note, as I review our revenue mix, I will be referring to non-GAAP revenue measures. Also, this will be the last quarter we speak about non-GAAP revenue as we lap the acquisition of Shape. Going forward, the add-back of the Shape purchase accounting write-down is de minimis.
 Q1 product revenue of $289 million was up 23% year-over-year and accounted for approximately 46% of total revenue. This is the strongest product revenue growth we have delivered since Q2 of FY 2011, nearly a decade ago.
 As Francois noted, customers accelerating their digital transformation efforts drove growth in both our software and system sales. Software revenue was $111 million, growing 70% compared to the year ago period, which did not include contribution from Shape. Excluding Shape's contribution in Q1 of '21, software revenue grew approximately 35% year-over-year.
 Our mix shift continued this quarter with software representing 38% of product revenue in Q1, up from 28% in the year ago quarter. Customers' preference for flexible subscription models continue to fuel our subscription revenue momentum. In Q1, we again drove record subscription volume with subscriptions representing 77% of software revenue in the quarter.
 Services revenue of $337 million grew 1% year-over-year and represented 54% of revenue. Revenue from recurring sources, which includes term subscriptions as a service and utility-based revenue as well as the maintenance portion of our services revenue totaled 66% of revenue in the quarter. This is up from 63% in the year ago period. The improvement comes largely as a result of the strong subscription software momentum I mentioned previously.
 Systems revenue of $179 million was up 5% compared to last year. Francois will speak to the drivers of this strong performance in more detail. On a regional basis, in Q1, Americas delivered 14% revenue growth year-over-year, representing 55% of total revenue. EMEA delivered 4% growth, representing 26% of revenue, while APAC grew 7% and accounted for 19% of revenue. Looking at our bookings by vertical, enterprise customers represented 67% of product bookings, service providers accounted for 14% and government customers represented 18% of product bookings, including 6% from U.S. Federal.
 Let me now share our Q1 operating results. GAAP gross margin in Q1 was 81.6%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 84.4%. GAAP operating expenses were $392 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $322 million. Our GAAP operating margin for Q1 was 18.9%, and our non-GAAP operating margin was 33%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 25.1%, and our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 21.7%. GAAP net income for the quarter was $88 million or $1.41 per share. Non-GAAP net income was $161 million or $2.59 per share.
 I will now turn to the balance sheet. We generated $137 million in cash flow from operations in Q1. Cash and investments totaled approximately $1.5 billion at quarter end. We did not make any share repurchases in Q1. We remain committed to repurchasing $1 billion in shares over the next 2 years, including $500 million via an accelerated share repurchase program in fiscal year 2021.
 DSO was 50 days, and capital expenditures for the quarter were $5 million. Deferred revenue increased 10% year-over-year to $1.4 billion. We ended the quarter with approximately 6,160 employees, up approximately 50 from Q4.
 Now let me share our guidance for our fiscal second quarter. Unless otherwise stated, please note that my guidance comments reference non-GAAP metrics. Also, with the Volterra deal recently closed, our Q2 outlook incorporates the addition of their financials to our guidance expectations.
 Near term, we expect customers will continue to invest to support application growth and the modernization of their application infrastructures. We also anticipate continued focus on and investment in application security.
 With this in mind, we are targeting Q2 fiscal year 2021 revenue in the range of $625 million to $645 million, reflecting year-over-year growth of approximately 8.5% at the midpoint of our range. While we do not give quarterly guidance on product revenue mix, we do anticipate continued near-term strength in systems with Q2 growth likely similar to Q1.
 We would also remind you that our prior year Q2 software revenue growth was exceptionally strong at 96%. This difficult comparison is likely to be reflected in our Q2 21 software growth rate being below our Horizon 2 target of 35% to 40%. This is consistent with our commentary about the potential for quarterly variability and software growth rates as we continue to scale our software business. We expect Q2 '21 gross margins of 84% to 84.5%, and we estimate operating expenses of $340 million to $352 million.
 As we discussed last quarter, we generally see a seasonal increase in operating expenses in Q2. We expect our Q2 operating margin to decline from Q1 and then to increase in the back half of the year to achieve our FY '21 non-GAAP operating margin target of 31% to 32%. I will remind you once more that our Q2 '21 outlook also incorporates the addition of Volterra into our operating model.
 We anticipate our effective tax rate for Q2 will be in the range of 21% to 22%. Our Q2 earnings target is $2.32 to $2.44 per share. We expect Q2 share-based compensation expense of approximately $62 million to $64 million. As for capital deployment, as I mentioned previously, we intend to repurchase 500 million shares via an accelerated share repurchase in fiscal 2021.
 With that, I will turn the call back over to Francois. Francois? 
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Frank. Several quarters into the pandemic, it is growing clearer that COVID has accelerated digital transformation in both business and consumer dependency on applications. As a result, our customers are accelerating their digital transformation investments. Incumbency is also an advantage for us in the current environment. And together, these trends are enabling us to drive strong growth.
 Underneath these macro drivers and consistent with our discussion at our November analyst and investor meeting, there are 3 F5-specific growth drivers fueling our demand: one, ongoing software and subscription momentum; two, growing demand for application security; and three, resiliency in system space demand leading to moderating systems revenue declines.
 As we noted in November, these multiple growth drivers mean that we also have multiple paths to achieve our Horizon 2 revenue growth targets. More specifically, we do not need everything to go exactly right to achieve our goals. In Q1, we had a lot go right, and customer demand drove growth across all 3 of these drivers. I will speak to each in turn.
 First, we continue to see demand for software and subscription consumption across our application security and delivery solutions. I will focus first on our BIG-IP and NGINX solutions. Customers look to BIG-IP to refresh core business applications for capacity additions and to simplify traditional application delivery in cloud environments.
 In one example, during Q1, large financial institutions struggled for months to turn up a mission-critical application in a cloud environment. This was despite the best efforts of the cloud provider that we're working with. Frustrated, they turn to F5. In under one day, we help them get the app up and running in the cloud with multiple BIG-IP virtual editions. This use case highlights the customer benefits we have driven as a result of our investment to modernize BIG-IP, making it easier and more efficient to use in cloud environments.
 Let me turn to NGINX. At the time of the NGINX acquisition, we deliberately invested in new products, accelerating time to market. Specifically, we built a joint F5 NGINX controller and rapidly ported F5 security to the NGINX platform.
 This quarter, NGINX delivered its largest quarter ever with broad-based strength across geographies. This strength was driven in large part by robust NGINX control attraction as well as integrated F5 security through NGINX App Protect.
 During Q1, we also secured a win from BIG-IP, controller, NGINX Plus and NGINX App Protect with a long time F5 federal government customer. While upgrading its current BIG-IP infrastructure, this customer also selected NGINX to help prepare for migrating network infrastructure from physical to virtual, while building out capabilities to support continualization. NGINX is leading the way in a number of modern application use cases, including cloud-native load balancing, scaling APIs and delivering Kubernetes applications in production.
 As applications continue to get more distributed, we expect the investments we are making to deliver API gateway, API management and service mesh capabilities will drive additional NGINX momentum. It should come as no surprise that customer demand for application security is also growing. With the ongoing pandemics fueling ever-increasing consumer use of digital channels, the threat landscape is growing significantly. With application-based attacks growing both in numbers and sophistication, customers are looking to F5 for help.
 The combination of our organic investment and the addition of Shape has created an enhanced F5 application security portfolio. If you map our solution set against the top application security threats, it is clear that we are very well positioned to help our customers address the most frequent incidents and the most damaging breaches.
 We continue to see increased interest in adding F5's enterprise-grade web application firewall protection to modern applications. During Q1, a major car manufacturer selected NGINX with App Protect when they needed a cloud-independent, portable, scalable solution that included a container friendly web application firewall.
 We also are seeing growing traction for SSL orchestration. This encrypt/decrypt use case is a strategic differentiator for F5. And while it tends not to be a big revenue driver on its own, it is a strategic control point in enterprise customer's security stack, which gives us the ability to pull in BIG-IP security and Shape.
 Let me speak also to the traction we are seeing with Shape and, in particular, our Shape Silverline combination. Last quarter, we highlighted the benefit of making Shape's industry-leading anti-fraud solutions available to a much larger customer base, through our Silverline-managed services platform.
 Silverline Shape Defense delivers advanced BoT protection to prevent large-scale fraud. Shape AI Fraud Engine or SAFE is a cloud fraud-prevention service. As a combined solution, our Silverline Shape Defense and SAFE solutions enables sparsely resourced organizations to deploy true industry-leading capabilities. Combining Shape's anti-bot and anti-fraud capabilities with Silverline in managed service also makes it easy to quickly deploy Shape's capabilities, which is especially useful when customers are in crisis.
 There are 2 interesting use cases that have emerged. First, Shape Silverline Defense is being used by several U.S. states to combat rampant fraud related to unemployment benefits.
 The combination of sky-high demand and limited security of fraud capabilities created an ideal environment for fraudsters who are conducting sophisticated attacks against unemployment sites as well as other unprotected state domains. With a Shape Silverline Defense solution, we can go in and offer real data about what is happening, unveiling the true scale of the threat. Once enabled, Shape's sophisticated AI and machine learning capabilities identify and block the fraudsters.
 Credit unions also are emerging as an ideal use case for Shape Silverline Defense. With new web and mobile banking capabilities coming online and larger transfer limits being introduced, credit unions can present an easy target for sophisticated attackers. Pressure to provide the same services as big banks is exposing them and their lack of cybersecurity and fraud capabilities. Shape Silverline Defense provides an affordable turnkey, easy-to-deploy managed security and fraud solution as evidenced by the 5 credit union wins our sales teams delivered in Q1 2021.
 We are as excited as ever about the use cases Shape has opened for us. Going forward, we see additional potential to leverage Shape's analytics engine to build new analytics offerings that enable us to go beyond application security to drive revenue enhancements for customers.
 Finally, let us talk about systems and the drivers for the growth we saw in Q1. First, I will note that our systems business is also benefiting from the macro trends I mentioned previously, namely COVID-driving increased application use and accelerating investment in digital transformation.
 Q1 strength in systems was broad-based across geographies and industries. We identified 3 primary factors behind our strong systems performance. First, as we have discussed previously, we have seen growing demand for systems-based security use cases. Second, over the last several years, customers have gained clarity on their cloud strategies and now expect to operate in a hybrid multi-cloud world for some time to come. As a result, they are more willing to purchase systems to support capacity needs driven by accelerating digital transformation. We believe both of these drivers are sustainable. Third, Q1 also benefited from some COVID-suppressed systems catch-up. Customers who have put off systems purchases for several quarters simply can no longer defer growing capacity demands.
 For a very small subset of our customers that had not refreshed in a long time, a long-planned April end-of-software development milestone on one of our legacy systems contributed to their desire to act sooner rather than later. For clarity, I would note that end-of-software development is very different than end of support.
 In this case, the April milestone pertains to an end-of-software development date that has been well-publicized for years, providing customers a long planning runway. We estimate this catch-up demand drove approximately $10 million in system sales in Q1. We see this as a transient systems growth driver though we do expect it to carry over into Q2.
 Finally, while I did not call it out as a growth driver, our expanded reach and role has also expanded our strategic position with customers. This has enhanced our ability to connect with C-level personas and also means we are more often considered for opportunities that span our application security and delivery portfolio, bridging traditional and modern applications in both hardware and software form factors.
 As an example, in Q1, one of the United States' leading health care providers selected BIG-IP hardware, software, security and NGINX to keep the critical care applications running nonstop while beginning to migrate to next-generation apps for their care providers. This project reemerged as a priority for the customer after being deferred last February, so the customer can divert all necessary resources to fighting COVID.
 In closing, we are encouraged by our momentum and believe we are seeing clear signs that our organic investments and our value-creation methodology for both NGINX and Shape are paying off for customers and investors alike. We were very pleased to announce that our acquisition of Volterra closed yesterday, and the team has already begun the hard work of integration. Initial customer feedback about the combination of F5 and Volterra has been very positive. Customers are excited about the potential of F5's edge 2.0 to eliminate the pain they feel from today's closed edge platforms.
 Our edge 2.0 will be the first edge platform built for enterprises and service providers. It will be an open-edge platform that will allow every service to run on any server, virtual or otherwise, inclusive of public clouds. We are very excited to have the Volterra team as part of F5 and are looking forward to sharing our progress with you going forward.
 I will wrap up today's prepared remarks by thanking the entire F5 team again as well as our customers and our partners.
 With that, operator, we will now open the call to Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Sami Badri from Crédit Suisse. 
Ahmed Sami Badri: Great. And congratulations on the solid quarter and highlighting some of these major trends and drivers that we're seeing in your business.
 So Francois, I want to go back to almost about a year ago when the pandemic first started and you called out all these -- you called out pros and cons to the pandemic. Some deals being pushed out, some deals being reaccelerated back. But some of the catch-up demand that you saw in fiscal 1Q and the catch-up of -- or potential pull forward -- or sorry, however you want to put it. Recapture of demand in fiscal 2Q 2021, are you basically seeing all the deals that were funded about a year ago or through 2020 are all essentially coming back in full force, at least within 2021? 
François Locoh-Donou: Sami, thanks for the question. The short answer is no. The on the -- what we call the catch-up demand, there are some customers, and I would say there are subset, a small subset of customers who have waited and waited and waited on adding capacity, in part because of the uncertainty related of COVID or the absence of resources or the ability to physically do it who are now doing those refresh.
 But it isn't -- if you go back to the deals that were pushed out at the beginning of the pandemic, there were some software deals, we call them software transformation deals that were pushed out. And we're starting to see these come back, but not yet in a big way. So I think that's still ahead of us. 
Ahmed Sami Badri: Got it. Got it. My other question is to do with systems revenue. And I know we had the Analyst Day relatively recently, where you did guide a little bit differently the systems versus what you're guiding today and reported fiscal 1Q and then guiding to fiscal 2Q with 5% growth.
 Now based on some of the underlying industry drivers that you highlighted and some of the customers that have identified F5 gear as like the go-to gear for security measures, does your overall Analyst Day guide boost or negative growth in systems in fiscal year 2021? And for Horizon 2, does that kind of now go away? Now we're looking at a little bit of a different trajectory. 
François Locoh-Donou: Well, Sami, I think we've got to go back and look at the drivers of our hardware business. So I think if you look at where we're at today, Sami, there are 2 kind of macro things that are benefiting the company in general. Generally, there's more spending on applications infrastructure. And we have positioned ourselves to benefit from that. And I think that's a long-term effect.
 There's also the effect of -- the company is strategically better positioned because of the combination of hardware and software and cloud solutions and security solutions that we have. And that allows us to have more strategic conversations with our customers and being seen as a future-proof partner for the strategic plans. And all of that benefits all of our business, including our systems business.
 If you look at the drivers specifically to our systems business, there are 2 drivers that I think are long term and one that is more of a transient driver. So if you look specifically on the long term, we talked about at Analyst Day that our mix of security had grown, and that was helping our systems business. And this quarter, we saw again stronger growth in security than in the overall demand. The -- so that helps the systems business.
 The second factor in our systems business is that, generally, we have some customers who -- if you recall, we talked about that 2, 3 years ago, customers who basically have said they were either going all-in on the cloud or they were essentially pausing their -- the systems business to reconsider their architecture for public cloud deployments. And I think a lot of customers were seeing have kind of graduated from that and now have a clear strategy around the cloud. They have maturity around knowing that they're going to operate in hybrid-cloud environments for a long time to come. And they're very comfortable moving forward with hardware as part of their long-term architecture. And so we're seeing some customers that have decided not to buy any more hardware at all that are coming back and now refreshing or adding capacity to their systems.
 And so I think those 2 aspects are longer term, Sami. There is one transient driver, which is a subset of our customers that really had to make a refresh because it is end-of-software development. We think that was about $10 million in the quarter. We think that kind of carries on in Q2, but that's a really short-term demand.
 So when you take all of that into account, Sami, we're not changing our Horizon 2 guidance, but yes, there is the possibility that our hardware business will do better in Horizon 2 than what we saw at AIM. We certainly think that for FY '21, it's likely to do better than what we had in our overall Horizon 2 guidance. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Henderson from Needham. 
Alex Henderson: I was hoping you could talk a little bit about what you think the impact might have been from the SolarWinds hack. And to what extent your software, your systems, your cloud capabilities are seeing an acceleration in demand. If you've heard from any of your CIO, CTO, CFOs, CEO contacts or even Board contacts, whether companies are increasing their spend on IT or specifically security as a result and to what extent you think that will translate to F5 demand? 
François Locoh-Donou: Alex, you're asking if they're increasing spend on cloud and security as a result of what? 
Alex Henderson: The SolarWinds hack. 
François Locoh-Donou: Okay. Not necessarily directly, Alex. There is a -- there is, of course, heightened awareness of it generally by CISO and security organizations. Our security trends have been pretty strong over the last several quarters. The aspects that have accelerated security for us relate more to, a, more customers moving to software and attaching more security use cases as they move to software. Same happening when they move to the public cloud, attaching more security in the public cloud environment.
 And then with the addition of Shape, what we have seen, frankly, since the pandemic started, what we're still seeing today is as more and more businesses go to digital channels, that also attract more fraud. And so our offers for anti-fraud are seeing very strong demand.
 I mentioned a couple of use cases in my prepared remarks, but that is across the board, large and small companies, there is more online fraud, and we're very well positioned to protect against that. 
Alex Henderson: If I could follow-up. So clearly, you guys are seeing an increased correlation between your appliance sales and your software sales, you're suggesting that's from hybrid cloud. But hybrid cloud has been in place for quite a while. Is it also possible that the launch of the Beacon product and the integration of NGINX back into the appliances, accelerate and expand your ability to tie together the enterprise IT spending for campus and data center with the cloud integration and, therefore, pulling both as a result? 
François Locoh-Donou: Alex, yes, there is definitely an element of the overall portfolio, creating stronger demand for F5. Beacon is still early days. But certainly, with NGINX, there is a significant factor. And we're seeing it here as the halo effect of our participation in modern application.
 We are -- what's happening, Alex, is a lot of times, we think about traditional and modern applications in kind of separate silos. But the reality for large enterprises is they do a lot of application modernization. That is they will have a traditional application that is typically supported by BIG-IP. And as they modernize that application, they don't refactor it, but they add modern components to that application.
 And these new modern component, typically microservices, NGINX is ideally suited to support these modern components. And so we're seeing that the combination of NGINX and BIG-IP gives a full solution set for these modernization initiatives that customers have, and it's pulling both NGINX and BIG-IP together. So there's definitely an effect of the portfolio and the synergies coming together and driving growth. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Long from Barclays. 
Timothy Long: Two quick ones, if I could. First, could you guys talk a little bit about the organic software revenue growth line, Frank, understanding the tough compare. But maybe just talk a little bit about how we should look at that line in the future. Are we going to see it being a little bit less lumpy, particularly as we've seen deferred revenue really, really grow pretty strongly. So is that something you expect to normalize around a higher number as we get through some of the tougher compares?
 And then second, I think at your Analyst Day or somewhere around there, you talked about $100 million cloud revenue number. Could you just give us a little color in the quarter, whether it's qualitative or quantitative, around how the cloud-specific software businesses did for F5? 
Francis Pelzer: Yes. Tim, it's Frank. Let me start with the first part, and then I'll turn it over to Francois for the second. In terms of the organic growth in the quarter, we talked about 35%. And in the second quarter, we talked about that being likely lower than that 35% to 40% range that we've given you for Horizon 2, based off the tough comp that's coming up at 96% in Q2 of 2020.
 And as the business continues to scale and as we get more of it from recurring subscriptions, we do expect to have some more normalization in that and not necessarily see the same swings. But as we talked about from the beginning when we discussed software revenue, gosh, almost 3 years ago now, we said that it will be lumpy for this time as we continue to build up scale in the model. But overall, we are not changing at all our Horizon 2 outlook of a compounded annual growth rate of 35% to 40%. 
 Francois, do you want to add anything on the cloud side? 
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. On the cloud side. So Tim, we had very strong demand in the cloud. The growth in public cloud was actually stronger than the organic software growth rate that you saw. And that has been the case for the last number of quarters.
 And just generally, Tim, to the demand of software, yes, we will see still some variability, but the overall demand drivers for software are very strong. And I'll point to a couple. We had a all-high -- all-time high a number of multiyear subscription agreements in the quarter. A lot of these subscription agreements include multiple software solutions from F5, including NGINX. NGINX had the best quarter ever, and we're really seeing as customers start to really deploy these modern applications, NGINX growing very fast.
 We also made some investments still, as you know, in NGINX, a year ago in the controller and app security, and we're seeing the effect of those in terms of growing the size of deals that we have. And the addressable deals that we can bring to the table.
 And so when you factor that cloud, the number of subscription agreements, NGINX and some new catalysts that haven't played out yet, we have some catalysts around the true forwards in our subscriptions, some new use cases for Shape that are coming. So we feel very good about our software for Horizon. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Silverstein from Cowen. 
Paul Silverstein: Appreciate it. Before I ask my questions, I was hoping I could ask Frank to just clarify 2 pedestrian issues. One, Frank, does the math -- is my math right that Shape did roughly $22 million in the quarter, given your comment about organic and total growth for software? 
Francis Pelzer: Paul, actually, it was higher than that, bud. So it's -- we didn't get the exact number, but it's higher than that. There was some slight growth over what we experienced in Q4. 
Paul Silverstein: All right. I suspect I know the answer to the next question, but I'll ask. Francois, you made the statement multiple times that you had the best record in NGINX quarter, which means you clearly know what the specific NGINX revenue was. Is that a number you're willing to share with us? I hope the answer is yes. 
François Locoh-Donou: No, we haven't broken out NGINX lately, but it's -- you saw the numbers, Paul, that we shared at our Analyst and Investor Day around doubling of revenue of NGINX and the growth in deal size. And essentially, this trend is continuing or accelerating, I should say. 
Paul Silverstein: Yes. No, I get it. But -- okay. I'm not sure. You want credit for it, but you don't want to give us the details, but I'll move on.
 Let me ask you the real questions. Operating leverage. You've been very clear that you're going to drive operating leverage this year, next year and beyond. I assume it's as simple as you guys are planning to grow OpEx slower than revenue, which obviously, that's the math. But the question really is, it's within your control. And since there's variance in revenue growth, up or down relative to your Horizon 2 fiscal '21/'22 outlook, are you planning to adjust OpEx accordingly? Or will you -- which leads? Does revenue lead or does OpEx lead? 
Francis Pelzer: Yes, Paul. So what we talked about is the 31% to 32%. And that's what we are targeting. If we find opportunities for investment to continue to drive that revenue growth, we will make those investments.
 Having said that, we are committed to that 31% to 32% in FY '21 and the overall Horizonal 2 outlook that we gave you as well as the long-term model. And so that's the way we are managing the business.
 We are very excited to see the 10% growth this quarter and the 8.5% for next quarter implied in the midpoint of our guidance range, and those are both obviously above the Horizon 2 outlook and the factors that go into the rule of 40%, we ended up at 43% this quarter. And so we're really happy with that continued progress. But that rule of 40% is the North Star that we continue to strive for within the business. 
Paul Silverstein: All right. And I trust from your comments and Francois' comment that visibility today is better than it was 90 days ago, 365 days ago. But let me ask did if you have any questions. What is visibility today versus previous periods? Has it improved? Or is it just -- it remained solid? 
Francis Pelzer: And I'm assuming you mean visibility in the pipeline and sales opportunities is the primary factor here. 
Paul Silverstein: Forward-looking metrics, correct. 
Francis Pelzer: Yes. We -- visibility continues to grow and be strong for us, Paul, and we're excited about the outlook that we've given you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meta Marshall from Morgan Stanley. 
Meta Marshall: Apologies. This might be circling around some of the other questions that were asked. But you had noted a couple of quarters ago that people were kind of heads down amidst COVID and that they were buying physical additions before. They continue to buy physical additions. They were buying virtual, they continued.
 You spoke, Francois, about people kind of having a little bit more of a framework of what their hybrid architectures look like. But I guess I'm just trying to get a sense of, is there still a contingent of customers who were just kind of heads down and just trying to address the problems with their current architectures, and that could be kind of with the systems revenue for now.
 And then just maybe some of the puts and takes on the lumpiness in the service provider revenue and just understanding some of that is project-based, but just maybe that tracking a little bit under traditional kind of percentage of revenue would be helpful. 
François Locoh-Donou: Meta, let me start with the service provider. Our bookings in -- or demand in service provider were up year-on-year. And we continue to see strong demand in 4G solution. We're seeing start of some capacity increases related to 5G. But we think the bigger kind of demand in 5G is probably still 6 to 12 months away.
 But generally, so the trends in our service provider business has kind of continued as stable. As it relates to customers in the enterprise and whether some of them are still not moving forward with some projects, yes, that is still the case. What we're seeing, Meta, is our incumbency in a number of customers and the fact that we're operationalized, whether we're operationalized in hardware or in software is actually a significant advantage because we still see a lot of customers that continue to do incremental things, and we'll come back to bigger transformational projects later.
 And yes, in some ways, because with a number of customers, hardware is still a majority of our business, that does favor our hardware business way more than our software business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rod Hall from Goldman Sachs. 
Roderick Hall: I wanted to see if you guys could give us some indication of what you're thinking for services growth in Q2? And then I have a follow-up on that. 
Francis Pelzer: Yes, we didn't split it out specifically, Rod. I think it's going to be in those low single digits. My guess is it's higher than the 1% that you saw this quarter, but I'm not expecting it to be in the mid-single digits. 
Roderick Hall: So like 2% or 3%, Frank, something like that? 
Francis Pelzer: Yes, something like that. 
Roderick Hall: Okay. And then I wanted to come back and just clarify what you guys said in response to Paul on the organic software. Maybe, I guess, the more direct question is what the Volterra contribution would be in Q2. Can you give us any idea on that? 
Francis Pelzer: It's de minimis. We talked about less than $10 million for the full year when we discussed the -- announced the acquisition. And so it's going to be de minimis, Rod. It's not a number that we're going to split out. 
Roderick Hall: Okay. And then finally, just another clarification. This $10 million that you guys talked about in Q1. And then I think Frank said -- or Francois, you said it carries into Q2, but it wasn't clear. Are you saying $10 million again in Q2? Or I would assume some number less than that, but can you clarify what that number should look like in Q2 roughly for us? 
Francis Pelzer: Yes, Rod, it was about 5 growth points in the quarter. And it may be something similar to that. There's obviously a declining revenue stream between Q1 and Q2 for systems on the product side. And so it's hard to say exactly, but it probably is a little less than $10 million, but I wouldn't say it's dramatically less than $10 million. 
Roderick Hall: And then Frank, that falls to 0 after Q2, right? So it's just a Q1, Q2 phenomenon, you think. 
Francis Pelzer: I don't -- not give any guidance beyond that, bud, but the date that we had given out was April '21, 2 or 3 years ago. And so it could stretch beyond that. For some customers, this is a generation -- 2- or 3-generation-old product. And so I don't know exactly when people are going to go through that upgrade cycle. But our guess is it's done mostly by next quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from James Fish from Piper Sandler. 
James Fish: So a little bit on the guide and the results here. You said it wasn't budget flush a few weeks ago and talked about project deferral and increased app infrastructure investment. I guess, could you, in any way, break out how much of it was project deferral from product quarters coming into the quarter here versus kind of increased activity and pipe around that app infrastructure investment versus, frankly, share gains? 
François Locoh-Donou: James, look, I think the major drivers here are more around increased investments in application infrastructure, driven by an acceleration of digital transformation and digital channels for all companies, that is floating to application infrastructure and capacity additions. I think that's, I would say, is kind of factor #1.
 I think our improved strategic position with customers and the fact that they are more comfortable forward with a hardware purchase with F5 knowing that we are also their partner for software that were now also their partner for modern applications, that were also their partner for public cloud deployments, and they don't see F5 as a single-threaded horse, if you will, that's just a hardware partner, that is also providing an opportunity for -- opportunities to move forward even in hardware.
 I would say those are the 2 major factors. The catch-up is just for some customers that have just tried to wait out, if you will, the pandemic to do some refresh. Some of them are moving forward. But I would say that's less of a factor than the first 2. 
James Fish: That's helpful, Francois. Last one for me and going off of Rod's question, obviously, it was announced a couple of years ago, just making sure we should think about it as $10 million for fiscal Q2. Or could it be more?
 And really, my question is, are there other systems over the next 12 to 18 months that are on a similar path that we should be reminded of? 
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. For fiscal Q2, James, you should think of it as $10 million or less than -- so we think it will be less than what it was this quarter, as Frank said, but exactly where, can't pin it.
 And then to your point around other systems that were maybe in the same situation, there isn't any similar effect in the next 18 months. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Ader from William Blair. 
Jason Ader: Guys, I was just curious, do you -- would you say it's possible that the growth outlook for your ADC business has actually hit an inflection point? 
François Locoh-Donou: Well, yes, I mean, I think as we discussed earlier, whilst we are not changing our overall view for Horizon 2 of an overall growth of 7% to 8%, if you look at the recent trends, it's possible that we're going to see on our systems business a better trend than what we anticipated in our Horizon 2 guidance.
 Now I will remind you that when we laid out our Horizon 2 guidance and the drivers of growth for F5, that are driving the 7% to 8% growth, there were 3 substantial drivers. The first one is continued momentum in software and software subscriptions, and we are continuing -- I mean, we posted 70% growth year-on-year this quarter. And we're going to continue to see very strong growth in software because the flywheel of subscriptions that we've put in motion now 2.5 years ago is really working well for us as a motion and for our customers.
 The second driver is demand for application security, and we're seeing that also being very strong, boosted by the addition of Shape and the use cases that I've talked about.
 And then the third driver was a moderation in our systems declines. And we had said at the time, it would moderate from double-digit to high to mid-single-digit decline.
 Now we felt when we put the guidance together that not all 3 of these things have to go -- had to go perfectly for us to achieve the 7% to 8%. And so we have multiple paths of getting there. And right now, in this first quarter, essentially, there -- all 3 are pretty much going very well. So if that continues, I hope there's a possibility we do better than what we thought. And right now, specifically in hardware, the trends are pretty strong. 
Jason Ader: And what was the -- can you remind us what was the kind of organic growth excluding the 3 acquisitions? What were you telling us on what that would grow in Horizon 2? 
François Locoh-Donou: The growth for Horizon 2 was 35% to 40% for all software and the only component of that -- pre-Volterra, of course, that was organic, was just one quarter of Shape, which was the quarter we just had, the first quarter. Everything else was organic. 
Jason Ader: Okay. So I guess what I was asking is the kind of the non-NGINX kind of ADC business, that was going to be flat to slightly up. I mean, could the outlook for that be more something like mid-single-digit growth going forward? 
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. We don't break that out. The answer is no. It wasn't going to be flat. It was going to grow much faster than that. But we don't break out specifically the software growth percentage of BIG-IP versus NGINX.
 Frankly, increasingly, as I showed earlier, those solutions are actually used in the same subscription agreements to support customers that are -- that have traditional and modern applications that need to scale. And so they have become increasingly synergistic and kind of driving growth for one another but the software growth number that we shared, including BIG-IP, NGINX, Shape as part of our security portfolio. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Samik Chatterjee from JPMorgan. 
Samik Chatterjee: And squeezing me in here. I guess, Francois, from what I hear, related to your comments here, it does sound more like what you're seeing is you didn't really need kind of software, systems and services to kind of fire on all cylinders. But given where you are today in the first half, you would exceed the 7% to 8% Horizon 2 revenue growth target this year if things continue this way. And so I just wanted to confirm that's what you're implying.
 And then if you can help me think about sustainability of that higher than kind of 7% to 8% growth rate into next year given the momentum that you're seeing in the business? And I have a follow-up. 
François Locoh-Donou: Samik, I think just to be clear, we're not changing our guidance for Horizon 2 of 7% to 8%. That remains our view on Horizon 2. If we're speaking specifically about FY '21, Samik, if you look clearly in the first half, our expectation, if you look at the midpoint of guidance for Q2 is we will exceed the 7% to 8% just on the basis of the first half.
 And frankly, if the trends that we're seeing right now were to continue, there's a possibility we could exceed that as well for FY '21. But we're not here guiding for FY '21. If you're asking about the underlying drivers that I see in the business for growth, I think the drivers we're seeing for both software and security are very strong and very sustainable.
 And in hardware, some of the drivers we're seeing that I've talked to are actually sustainable. There is a change there that we're seeing in how customers are approaching deployment of traditional applications in this hybrid-cloud environment. And the place that they're giving F5 in their go-forward plans and the strategic position we occupy now, I think that is sustainable. There are a couple of things that I think are transient, that are not. And so how much of that will play out in terms of FY '22 and beyond, it's really too early to say that now. 
Samik Chatterjee: Okay. And then quick -- and a quick follow-up here for Frank. Frank, can you -- I'm calculating about a $25 million OpEx increase from 1Q to 2Q. Can you clarify how much of that is from Volterra? 
Francis Pelzer: Yes. We're not splitting it out specifically, bud, but I would say it's in the sort of single-digit millions. So I would say, mid-single-digit millions would be probably more accurate. But those -- that's something that we're not going to expect to sort of split out going forward. It's just too de minimis in terms of the total number. 
Operator: Okay. We'll take our last question today from Amit Daryanani from Evercore. 
Amit Daryanani: So I guess, maybe just on the systems side, I know it's been discussed a bit, but given everything you've talked about, which is not all the stuff that was held up last year is back yet, and I would imagine that perhaps the share gain narrative that hasn't been talked about could be somewhat powerful as well. Could we see a scenario where that systems business actually accelerates in the back half of the year? And if not, I guess, what are the caveats of that statement? 
François Locoh-Donou: Amit, I didn't catch the last part of your question. The first part is we -- could the systems business accelerate? What was the second part? 
Amit Daryanani: Yes. I guess, if I think about all the stuff that was held up last year that still has to come back into the funnel, plus the share gain potential you could have in terms of just picking up a little bit more share, I would imagine that systems business could accelerate as we go through fiscal '21. And so I'm curious, what would be the caveats or the reservations from that dynamic? 
François Locoh-Donou: Well, Amit, I mean, it's a good question. Look, the way I would think about this is if you look at the kind of long-term trends for F5 and where we're going to be as a company in the long term, and we have said for the long term, with the acquisition of Volterra now, we expect to grow double-digit in the long term. That's going to be driven by software, software subscription and SaaS.
 We don't expect our hardware business to be a growth business going into the future. So that's our view of things. And there's nothing that has happened in the last 3 months that would make us fundamentally change that view of the long term.
 Now in the short term, will it accelerate beyond what we're seeing in the second half of 2021? That's unlikely, but we're not going to roll it out given what we're -- given the dynamics that we're seeing with our customers today. 
Amit Daryanani: Got it. And if I could just clarify this, the modest or the deceleration that you're talking about in the software business in March versus December, is that just a reflection of your compares are very difficult in the March quarter? Or is there something else you'd call out that's driving that modest decel again? 
Francis Pelzer: No, that's what we called out, and that's our feeling, and it's just a much harder comp that we had in Q1. 
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. And it's the harder comp because -- as a reminder, Amit, we had -- last Q2, I think our growth rate was 95% or 96% year-on-year. So you have a harder comp. But the underlying dynamics and drivers for software demand are very strong across NGINX, Shape, subscription agreements and the momentum we're seeing there and general security. So that, we are very confident that it's going to continue to pick up. 
Operator: That concludes our call today. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-10-26 04:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the F5 Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Also, today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I'll now turn the call over to Ms. Suzanne DuLong. Ma'am, you may begin.
Suzanne DuLong: Hello and welcome. I'm Suzanne DuLong, F5's Vice President of Investor Relations. François Locoh-Donou, F5's President and CEO; and Frank Pelzer, F5's Executive Vice President and CFO will be making prepared remarks on today's call. Other members of the F5 executive team are also on hand to answer questions during the Q&A session. A copy of today's press release is available on our website at f5.com, where an archived version of today's call will be available through January 25, 2021. Today's live discussion is supported by visuals which are viewable on the webcast and will be posted to our IR site at the conclusion of today's discussion. The replay of today's call will be available through mid-night Pacific time October 27 by dialing 800-585-8367 or 416-621-4642. Use meeting ID 6055259. For additional information or follow-up questions, please reach out to me directly at s.dulong@f5.com. Our discussion today will contain forward-looking statements which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in the press release announcing our financial results and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. With that, I will turn the call over to François.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Suzanne, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. While fiscal year 2020 was not the year that any of us expected, I speak for the entire executive team when I say how proud we are of the F5 team for delivering a very strong year under extraordinary circumstances. Our results show building momentum in our pivot to a software and subscription-driven business. They also show the value of our incumbency, the strength of our customer relationships and the stickiness of our solutions. In the last several years, we have aligned our investments with our customers' most pressing priorities. As a result, we have built close to $450 million software product run rate business, but in FY 20202020 grew 52%. With $365 million in fiscal year 2020 revenue, the strength of our software business more than offset a decline in our systems business, which was down 10% for the year. Our services business grew 5%. For the year, we delivered 5% non-GAAP revenue growth and 5% non-GAAP product revenue growth. Today, our customers face exploding application growth and the reality that users expect more than they ever have from applications. Our customers' business depends, not just on whether their application loads, but how quickly it responds and whether it and its users are secure. New ways of working and the higher expectations for application performance have customers focused on solutions that enable them to work smarter and scale faster. We believe we are ideally positioned to serve this demand. Frank will review our fourth quarter and fiscal year financial results and our outlook. I will then speak to our fiscal year 2021 growth drivers, including some customer highlights from the quarter. Frank?
Frank Pelzer: Thank you, François, and good afternoon, everyone. I will speak first to our fourth quarter and then to our fiscal year results before discussing our outlook for FY 20212021. We delivered a very strong Q4. On a GAAP basis, Q4 revenue was $615 million. Fourth quarter non-GAAP revenue of $617 million was up approximately 4% year-over-year and above the high-end of our $595 million to $615 million guidance range. Please note, as I review our revenue mix, I will be referring to non-GAAP revenue measures. Q4 product revenue of $280 million was up 6% year-over-year and accounted for approximately 45% of total revenue. Software revenue was $113 million, growing 36% against a very tough comparison of 91% growth in the prior-year period. Shape contributed approximately $23 million in the quarter. Excluding Shape's contribution, software grew 9% again against a very tough comp in the year-ago period. As we look ahead, we are seeing very positive trends in our software business and expect a much stronger software growth in Q1. I will speak to that in greater detail, when I discuss our Q1 guidance. Software continues to grow as a percent of product revenue, representing 40% of product revenue in Q4, up from 31% in the year ago quarter. We also continue to drive subscription revenue momentum. Subscriptions represented 76% of software revenue in the quarter compared to 66% in the year-ago quarter. Services revenue of $336 million grew 3% year-over-year and represented 55% of revenue. Revenue from recurring sources, which includes term subscriptions as a service and utility-based revenue as well as the maintenance portion of our services revenue totaled 66% of revenue in the quarter. This is up from 63% in the year-ago period. The improvement comes largely as a result of the strong subscription software momentum I mentioned previously. Systems revenue of $168 million was down 8% compared to last year. On a regional basis in Q4, Americas delivered 4% revenue growth year-over-year, representing 58% of total revenue. EMEA delivered 9% growth, representing 24% of revenue. APAC was down 1% year-over-year and accounted for 18% of revenue. Looking at our bookings by vertical, we saw robust enterprise activity in the quarter, with enterprise representing 70% of product bookings. Service providers accounted for 15% and government customers represented 16% of product bookings, including 70% from U.S. Federal. Let me now share our Q4 operating results. GAAP gross margin in Q4 was 81.8%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 84.4%. GAAP operating expenses was $404 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $335 million. Our GAAP operating margin in Q4 was 16% and our non-GAAP operating margin was 30.1%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 20.4%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 19%. GAAP net income for the quarter was $78 million, or $1.26 per share. Non-GAAP net income was $150 million, or $2.43 per share. I will now turn to the balance sheet. We generated $175 million in cash flow from operations in Q4. Cash and investments totaled approximately $1.3 billion at quarter-end. We repurchased approximately 358,000 shares of F5 common stock in the quarter at an average price of $140 per share for a total of approximately $50 million. DSO was 43 days and capital expenditures for the quarter were $12 million. Deferred revenue increased 6% year-over-year to $1.3 billion. We ended the quarter with approximately 6,110 employees, up approximately 90 employees from Q3. Let me now turn to our full-year 2020 results. For the year, GAAP revenue totaled $2.35 billion. Non-GAAP revenue grew 5% to $2.36 billion. Non-GAAP product revenue of approximately $1 billion grew 5% from the prior year and accounted for 44% of total revenue. Within product revenue, software grew 52%, while systems revenue declined 10%. Subscriptions represented 71% of software revenue in fiscal year 2020 compared to 55% in fiscal year 2019. Revenue from recurring sources totaled 65% of revenue for the year, up from 60% in fiscal year 2019. Services revenue of $1.32 billion grew approximately 5% during the year and represented 56% of total revenue. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate for the year was 20.2%. GAAP net income for FY 20202020 was $307 million, or $5.01 per share. Non-GAAP net income was $575 million, or $9.37 per share. Now, let me share our guidance for the first quarter and some high-level modeling assumptions for fiscal 2021. Unless otherwise stated, please note that my guidance comments reference non-GAAP metrics. In our Q1 and fiscal year outlooks, we have attempted to factor in the expected impact of continued global uncertainty related to COVID-19 and the broader economic trends as we understand them to date. Let me start with sharing our expectations for the first quarter of 2021. Near term, we expect customers will continue to prioritize investments that enable them to serve the immediate needs of their customers and employees. We also anticipate continued focus on an investment in application security. We expect to benefit from being a trusted and operationalized partner of the largest enterprises around the world, as they continue to drive innovation and agility with our application strategies to increase business value. With this in mind, we are targeting Q1 FY 2021 non-GAAP revenue in the range of $595 million to $615 million. We expect Q1 2021 gross margins of 84.5% to 85% and we estimate operating expenses of $324 million to $336 million. We anticipate our effective tax rate for Q1 will be in the 21% to 22% range. Our Q1 earnings target is $2.26 to $2.38 per share. We expect Q1 share-based compensation expense of approximately $56 million to $58 million. As for our capital deployment, we retain the option to repurchase shares opportunistically in any open trading window. Now, let me share some of our operating expectations for the full fiscal year of 2021. We have made tremendous progress on our software transition and expect momentum to continue as the contribution from subscription software and SaaS grows. Accounting for this progress in fiscal year 2021, we expect to grow software revenue for the full year by more than 35%. Based on our strong Q1 software pipeline and increasing momentum from our software subscription offerings, we expect a software growth rate of at least 50% in Q1. We expect systems declines will moderate slightly compared to FY 2020 likely declining high-single digits for the year. We anticipate gross margins of approximately 85% for the year. We expect to achieve at least 31% non-GAAP operating margin for FY 2021. We also expect operating margins to move down from Q1 to Q2 and then to increase in the second half of fiscal 2021 following our typical seasonal pattern. We anticipate our full fiscal year effective tax rate to be in the range of 21% to 22%, with some fluctuations quarter to quarter. We expect fiscal year 2021 stock-based compensation in the range of $230 million to $240 million and capital expenditures in the range of $40 million to $60 million. We expect to update our longer-term outlook at our Analyst and Investor Meeting which we will conduct virtually on November 18. Please remember to pre-register on our Investor Relations site. With that, I will turn the call back over to François. François?
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Frank. It has been more than three years since we unveiled our strategy to transform F5. In the process of extending our reach and expanding our role, we have built the broadest available application security and delivery portfolio and significantly expanded our addressable market. As a result, the foundation of our business has grown stronger and we are on our way to becoming a predominantly software driven company. Going forward, our software growth will be more diversified, thanks to a broader and growing subscription and SaaS based revenue. We have a renewal flywheel that is starting to turn with momentum and true forward revenue opportunities on a sizable portion of our long-term subscription contracts. Demand for subscription based consumption is growing across all geographies and verticals. As Frank mentioned, 71% of our fiscal year 2020 software revenue was subscription based, up from 55% in 2019. We expect continued software momentum in fiscal year 2021 and I will speak to our growth drivers in turn. First, core BIG-IP software, much of the software growth we have delivered thus far comes on the back of BIG-IP. I have spoken previously about the extensive work we have done to reduce friction in purchasing, deploying and managing BIG-IP software. We have focused on flexibility in our commercial models and on enhanced automation in central management. During Q4, customers chose BIG-IP to refresh core business applications as well as for capacity additions. In one instance, a multinational delivery services company chose BIG-IP to handle both increased traffic to its consumer facing dot-com site and to scale back end processing. Looking ahead, we expect continued growth from BIG-IP driven by customers' need to support and scale mission critical traditional application in hybrid and multi-cloud environment. Our second growth driver is Nginx. Nginx brings multiple growth vectors to FY 2021 and beyond. In addition to continuing to expand Nginx Plus instances, we see increasing customer interest in Nginx controller, our modern app orchestration and analytics platform. Controller is complementary to BIG-IP and bridges the divide between desk teams building modern apps and the infrastructure teams that need to secure, scale and monitor them. We are also opening new application security opportunities with Nginx and App Protect, our vast solution for modern application. Nginx next App Protect, enable security professionals and developers to introduce application security early in the development lifecycle making security part of the modern app stack. In Q4, we secured an Nginx App Protect win with a major video conferencing and collaboration platform. Nginx already is a key technology for this customer enabling them to scale that platform to meet explosive COVID-19 demand. With that explosive growth, however, also came, increased security concerns. Nginx's ability to scale rapidly with no impact on service delivery was a key differentiator. As with our ability to meet a wide set of requirements in a cloud agnostic way including load balancing, caching and security with App Protect not only did this when expand our existing footprint with the customer. It also positions us to capture additional use cases, including protecting login pages and preventing credential stuffing [ph] which shape solution. Use cases like this one enabling best-in-class security on modern application architectures are gaining momentum and we believe accelerate the appeal of Nginx to large enterprises. That provides a good transition to our third growth driver, application security. Application security is a large and growing focus for customers and understandably so. In the current environment, organizations are more reliant than ever on applications to enable employee collaboration and customer engagement. At the same time, the attack surface and sophistication of attacks has increased dramatically. During FY 2020 web application firewalls, remote access and SSL orchestration and fraud protection led customers' security demands. As an example, during Q4, we secured a cloud win with a retailer with a significant dot-com presence. BIG-IP virtual additions outperformed both a cloud native load balancing and web application firewall solution. As a result, the customer doubled its F5 consumption in just the first year of its multi-year term subscription. We expect the application security demands we have seen this year persist and grow in FY 2021. As a result, we expect to expand our leadership in the space. Our ability to apply consistent and robust security across multi-cloud environments is fulfilling a significant and growing customer need. Within the context of application security, we also see Shape as a significant software growth driver. Customers are looking to Shape's AI and machine learning enabled defense capabilities to protect against a growing number of threats, both bot and human. Shape already has been a strong contributor and a great addition to the F5 portfolio. In the roughly nine months, the Shape team has been part of F5. We have grown even more confident in the opportunity it brings to F5 than our customers. Shape's intelligent fraud and bot protection value proposition is resonating with customers across multiple verticals. For instance, in Q4, we secured a Shape win with one of the world's largest social networking platforms to protect the platform and its users from artificially generated influence caused by inauthentic behavior. Shape's ability to deliver a high degree of efficacy with high confidence and actionable intelligence was a key differentiator in this win. Shape also is available via our civil line managed services platform, which allows customers to benefit from Shape's capabilities with no integration work. We have secured several wins in a very short time frame. Thanks to this integration and the ease of implementation it brings. In fact, one recent integrated win takes Shape which is already installed on the majority of the top 10 US banks and extended to thousands of small and mid-size banks who are using civil line for their managed security needs. This is an example of one of the core premises of our combination with Shape. We are taking Shape's industry leading anti-fraud solutions and making them available into a much larger customer base at a time when customers are facing tremendous increases in both the volume and sophistication of attacks. Our fourth growth driver is continued growth in cloud deployments. Our FY 2020 cloud business total more than $100 million. Security use cases are playing an increased role as customers rely on F5 to ensure robust and consistent application security. Our cloud presence has been driven both by our organic investments in FY cloud services and through our partnership with the cloud providers. Our strategic collaboration agreement with AWS is just one example of a highly complementary cloud provider partnership. In addition to a co-selling motion, which is generating new leads for F5, AWS and F5 have co-innovated on programs and cloud native integrated solutions. Just last week we introduced a joint solution combining Amazon CloudFront and F5 Essential App Protect. CloudFront is a fast content delivery network or CDN service from AWS. F5's Essential App Protect, these are easy to deploy SaaS security solution for protecting web application. Integrating Essential App Protect and Amazon CloudFront securely deliver data, video applications and APIs to customers globally with low latency and high transfer speeds all within a developer friendly environment. We are leveraging the power of AWS to provide customers with application caching capabilities that reduce cost, strengthen security and increase performance and we are doing this in a single SaaS solution, which delivers higher long-term return on customers' application investment and a better experience for their users. This integration illustrates the power of our collaboration with AWS and we continue to explore how our two companies can come together to help customers deliver more value through their cloud applications. I would be remiss if I did not also speak to the opportunity we see with service providers. In general, service provider RFP activity is up from last year and quote request and informal activities are much higher. In addition, following our Rakuten win, we are beginning to see more movement and solid customer plans on their 5G strategy. At this point, we are engaged in multiple activities including trials with several customers. We have traditionally played a role as the preferred choice for Gi LAN solutions in 4G networks and we are well positioned to continue to own that segment and grow into new 5G functions. in fact, we have already secured multiple design wins in 5G architectures and we expect deployments to begin ramping in the second half of 2021. A few words on our systems business, before we wrap up. As Frank noted, we expect our systems decline to slow in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020 likely declining in the high-single digits. While there is a tendency to think that accelerated digital transformation means 100% software deployments, it does not always. Our business, whether the software or systems is tied to applications whether they are in the data center, the public cloud or anything in between. We are supporting mission-critical applications globally. Many of these applications are experiencing rapid growth because of remote working and rising e-commerce demand. With this growth comes escalating application security concerns including application fraud. F5 is there to help with whatever consumption model, our customers prefer. As we look ahead, we see a significant opportunity to enable our customers to bring extraordinary digital experiences to life. We are reducing our customers' operational complexity, improving their application performance, securing all apps, no matter where they live and unlocking valuable business insights. F5 has always been about solving our customers' most important application challenges. Over the last two years, we have built the broadest available application security and delivery portfolio for both traditional and modern applications. Our understanding and appreciation of our customers' rapidly evolving needs has also deepened over the last two years. Today, customers face exploding application growth and the reality that the baseline of user expectations from application has been redefined. Think of your own experience and how markedly it has changed. The richness of your favorite app experience, it is reliable, fast, personalized and trusted. How long do you wait if the application is slow? What do you do when an upgrade degrades your experience or worst yet the app fails altogether? Switching brand has never been easier. A large insurer in the industry were competitive advantage has not historically been included in applications told us that if their homepage does not load in under three seconds they lose the customer. A fast-paced digital world is just as fast to move elsewhere. Digital transformation has reset expectations for the experience an application must deliver to be compelling, to be competitive. Our customers need F5 to enable these rich experiences. And we have a unique position from which to help them to do so. We see a world where our customers' application portfolio adapt as needed, where it automates redundant processes for greater efficiencies and they protect itself securing all points of vulnerability. We would expand and contract based on performance needs, and we're by mining and harnessing application data, it gets smarter, more insightful, becoming self-healing and involving more quickly. F5 is uniquely positioned to deliver this vision, because of the portfolio and capabilities we have assembled. We are looking forward to speaking more about our vision for adaptive applications and how we are making it a reality at our upcoming Analyst and Investor Meeting. In closing, we have made significant progress pivoting F5 and changing the way customers feel. We have built the broadest available set of application security and delivery services, and expanded our total addressable market in the process. We are also successfully driving a more software-driven business and building a robust and growing base of recurring revenues. Let me wrap up our prepared remarks by thanking the entire F5 team again as well as our customers and partners. We are more confident than ever that our vision, our investments and our innovation are well aligned with both near and longer-term customer demand. With that operator, we will now open the call to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Meta Marshall from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Erik Lapinski: Hi, team, this is Erik on for Meta. Thanks for taking our question. Maybe just going back to the comments you made on service rider side. And just on that vertical, specifically, have you seen any change to order behavior that maybe matches with some of the other equipment providers have noted? And I know you noted some design wins for 5G, but wondering if that near-term has had any impact just being mindful of the percentage of revenue from that segment is a little bit lower than it has been traditionally?
François Locoh-Donou: Hi, Erik. The short answer is, no. We haven't seen a fundamental change, Erik. The percentage of our revenue, of our bookings that comes from service providers is basically in the same range it has been for the last few quarters. We are seeing momentum in 5G activity. But in terms of when that will turn into kind of meaningful contribution to our order book. We think that's more of a second-half of 2021, but we are seeing continued traction in security use cases with service providers and specifically our position as a consolidator of multiple functions, which is kind of a unique position that, I don't think you necessarily would see with other equipment providers in the telco. We have a unique position in consolidating a number of functions like CGNAT and DDoS and DNS, TCP optimization and increasingly our service providers virtualize their infrastructure. Our ability to consolidate all these functions in a software bundle is very appealing to them. And so that's a use case that is growing, but overall the business, the trends in the business has been the same over the last few quarters, so no specific change.
Erik Lapinski: Got it. Thank you. That's very helpful. And then if I could sneak in one more, just on kind of the stronger expectations on the hardware side moving forward, what would you guys point to is the strongest reason maybe some customers are still choosing hardware, are there any incremental drivers?
François Locoh-Donou: I think, Erik, the -- we've always said that we have a number of geographies that have -- that continue to grow in their consumption in hardware, form factors. And also a number of verticals where hardware form factors play an important role, including service providers, government, even financial services. But I think the difference today is our security has become a more important mix of our hardware business than it was, say, a couple of years ago and our hardware security business is not declining. And so when you factor that in, that leads to a decline in hardware systems that's abating and that's largely because of the mix of security that's in our hardware business today.
Erik Lapinski: Thank you. It's very helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Fish from Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
James Fish: Thank you, guys. Congrats on the great quarter. Couple of questions here. You're talking about the strength in application security. I guess, how do you feel about the portfolio as a whole, whether there are areas that you'd want to get at organically or inorganically? And any sense to how many customers are now using Shape Security?
François Locoh-Donou: Hi, Jim. So generally, we feel very good about our application security portfolio. We think we are one of the very, very few players who provide who can protect an application, but also protect how an application is used with a combination of F5 security capabilities and now Shape's portfolio. So we feel very good about our competitiveness and differentiation in this space. And, in fact, our security business had been growing healthily, but that has accelerated as well with COVID, because the amount of online fraud and tax on digital channels, not just for retailers, but all kinds of the companies has continued to increase and, in fact, has increased dramatically in the last few months and that's providing significant tailwinds for us. So that's the -- that's what we're at on app security in general. And Jim, we will probably say more about that at the Analyst and Investor Meeting.
James Fish: Got it. Fair enough. And end of last quarter, you guys noted some weakness in sort of the APAC sales due to COVID-19 and not being able to get in front of customers. How did this change as you work through the quarter?
François Locoh-Donou: I think in Asia-Pacific, Jim, we're still - we still have some geographies that are challenged with COVID-19. As you've seen, there has been some second wave and some lockdown. So there are some specific geographies where we have been challenged. The comment about some software projects that were put on hold, we - I think, that was throughout our Q4. That was still the case, but we're starting to see that abate and we feel very good about the pipeline we now have for the first-half of 2021. And in fact, we are, as you saw from the prepared remarks, we think our software business in Q1 of 2021 will grow faster than 50% year-on-year. And for the full-year, we think it will be greater than 35% year-on-year growth. So we feel that our software business really has -- we think we have turned an inflection point here where our software business is on a broader based of subscriptions and it's giving us some -- an opportunity for a number of true-forward opportunities on renewal. We've got a much broader base of subscription than we did a year ago. And as you see, the software business now more than 40% of our product revenue. So we generally feel that, while inflection point here where our software is going to continue to have very strong growth going into 2021.
James Fish: Makes sense. Thanks for the color, François.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Jim.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rod Hall from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Rod Hall: Yes. Hi, guys, thanks for the question. I wanted to start off. You talked about enterprise order momentum being good. And I wondered if maybe you could dig a little bit more into that in terms of size of enterprise, are you seeing that more in margin enterprises or medium size? Can you give us some color there? And just kind of how that order momentum looks from a verticals point of view, too? And then on the growth, my second question is, I can calculate based on the parameters you gave, growth, it's a little slower than 20%, but I can also get up above 5% growth depending on some minor tweaks to that. And I'm just curious where do you think it's more likely growth does accelerate in 2021? And then what's your macro assumption there? Are you assuming macro improves? Or you assuming the current environment persists? I mean just curious kind of what do you guys think that demand environment will do on into 2021 in the context of that growth indication?
François Locoh-Donou: Hey, Rod, there were number of questions there. So I'll make sure I'll try and answer.
Rod Hall: Yes. Sorry, François. Thank you.
François Locoh-Donou: No worries.
Rod Hall: I'll repeat them, if you need.
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. I'll start from the end, you may need to repeat. Just on the macro to start there, Rod, our assumptions as the environment does not get better than it is today, but we've also assumed it doesn't get materially worse. So we have been in this environment in the pandemic for the last three quarters, and I think we've reported now three full quarters under this environment. And it's allowed us to take stock of what our customers are doing where their priorities are and we've taken all of that into account into our 2021 planning. So basically, we kind of assume status quo. Now as to the beginning of your question on enterprise spend, look, the verticals, there are two things that are important. As you saw, our enterprise numbers were actually pretty strong, and I think there are two things that are important there. Number one, the verticals that we are most exposed to as a company are - in enterprise are really financial services, technology and government. And in these verticals, the need for more applications, more application security and more multi-cloud deployments of applications has continued to be strong. The verticals where we have seen a lot of weakness, which are more the retail transportation, the verticals that are directly affected by COVID, they represent less than 10% of our business. So, yes, they are soft, but the impact on our business has been limited. And generally, we have very limited exposure to the small and medium businesses. So that's - in terms of the mix of the business, that's the reason. And I think the other reason where you see strong enterprise demand for us is our -- I think, there still is a perception out there that F5 is really a networking datacenter company. And so folks tend to look at our results and compare us to campus switching or routing type equipment. But the reality is, our spend is more tied to the need for customers to protect their applications with security and the need for customers to deploy more and more applications globally in multi-cloud environments. And so we -- our business is closer -- closely tied to the growth, complexity and security of applications than it is to kind of network dynamics. Have I answered it, Rod?
Rod Hall: And then, on -- yes, the only other one was the quantification of the growth. I -- if I add up kind of what you guys said, I can get to kind of a minimum growth rate of maybe 4%, but probably a little higher than that depending on where you think services grows, but I'm curious whether you see growth, you lean toward growth accelerating is the environment remains the same. Off of 2020 or do you think growth just kind of remains the same, or maybe it's a little worse. I'm just curious, which direction you think growth is going in 2021 if all other things held equal.
François Locoh-Donou: Look, Rod, I think, so we're not -- we're not giving a full year top line guidance here. We will give a view of our Horizon 2 guidance in three weeks at AIM. So I think you'll get a little more color there. I would just say that generally based upon what we've seen in Q4 and our Q1 guidance. I think we feel good about what we could achieve and 2021.
Rod Hall: Okay, great. Thanks, François. Appreciate it.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Rod.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sami Badri from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Sami Badri: Hi, thank you very much. The first question I have is related to the software strength in the quarter and I know, François, you made a couple of very granular examples in the drivers of cloud that we saw in the quarter that really drove solid results and are going to continue to be solid results. But when we think about the composition of product revenue and software revenues, is there any high concentrations on specific customers or was there any lumpy activity in the quarter? And then to take that a step further, does the fiscal 1Q 2021 also factor in lumpiness or concentration that are driving these solid results?
François Locoh-Donou: You know, Sami, the answer is no. And actually that is precisely why I see that we have reached an inflection point in our software so if you look at our software results a year ago, we had pretty strong growth. If you remember, in Q4, we had 91% growth, but that was in part driven by a couple of large transformational kind of deals. The results we have this quarter are really not. So it's a broad base of adoption of our software and our software subscription. You probably saw that in our results. Now, more than three-quarters of our software revenues or 76% of our software revenues this quarter came from subscriptions. And so we've got a broad based on adoption of our software subscription consumption models across all of our verticals, not a specific customer, not a specific vertical and that's part of why we have confidence in growth in our software, because more now a larger number of customers have reached that point where they're thinking, our software and it's giving us a broader base of renewal opportunities going into 2021. We're starting to see the flywheel that you would see in a subscription business, where for a number of our multi-year subscription, we have a true-forward opportunity at the end of a one year subscription across a number of customers and that's going to start contributing to the growth in our software, so that's what I would say about lumpiness. I would say though that we are also seeing a good pipeline of, I would say these larger projects going into the first half of 2021, some of the projects that have been delayed, we think we'll see some of them in the first half of the year.
Sami Badri: Got it. Thank you for that. And then one question for Frank. I was hoping you could just help us think about the services growth rate of fiscal 1Q 2021? Is there a way we should be thinking about at it, something similar to the last two quarters kind of guidance framework, any kind of real clarification on that would be great.
Frank Pelzer: Yes. I'm not going to give a specific growth rate number, we'll have more to say as François said at AIM. I think the trend towards lower single-digit growth rate is likely in FY 2021. And so this is just consistent with the hardware, software attach rates, but we have been seeing consistent pricing, we've been seeing an increase in attach rates for all cohorts of the age contracts and so we're really happy with the overall services business.
Sami Badri: Great, thank you. Solid results. Thank you for fitting in my questions.
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. Thank you, Sami.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Henderson from Needham. Your line is open.
Alex Henderson: Thank you very much. So, we've heard a number of bars and other people in the industry to talk about the emergency spending type orientation to IT spending, particularly around security, particularly around work from home, endpoint security and the like. What they've also said though is that, some of the transition -- transitional programs, things that more strategically important, those programs have been delayed and pushed out somewhat. As a result of the temporary focus on, and we've got to make sure that everything secure from work from home. Are you starting to see any real clarity around some of those larger projects coming back in, particularly around digital transformations to cloud orchestrated application deployment and Kubernetes adoption? Or alternatively, is that still something that's a little further out in the headlines?
François Locoh-Donou: Alex, I think so, the large kind of digital transformation projects, first of all, I would echo what you've said, we have seen a delay in some of these transformational projects, but we are also seeing people have tended to the immediate priorities and they are now coming back to these projects and starting to reignite them. So I think -- that's why I think in the first half of 2021, we should start to see some of these projects actually come to be -- to be realized. And that's what I've said there, applies to generally kind of digital transformation, movement to cloud, software first environments, big automation projects. Those types of projects. When you speak specifically to Kubernetes environment, I think what we're seeing, there is a lot of kind of excitement around taking this Kubernetes environment in production at scale. I think we're still in the very early innings of that. We've got a very good window into that with Nginx, as you know in Nginx is the number 1 egress controller into Kubernetes environment and deployment. And so we are seeing demand there and we're seeing an acceleration. But we still think we're in the very early innings of those types of containerized deployments.
Alex Henderson: And then just one last question for me, just going back to the 35% plus growth in software, can you parse that between what portion of that is organic and what portion of that is inorganic?
François Locoh-Donou: Well, no, but the -- I think we've given information about the contributions of Shape in our Q3 and Q4. So you could do some of that information to kind of try and parse out, what's organic and inorganic. Remember that Shape was not part of F5 in Q1 of 2020, but pretty much from Q2 onwards, they were part of F5 last year. So the 35% is the overall growth rate. We -- and that's kind of the minimum we think we'll do. We think it's likely, we would do better than that. Overall, given the drivers that I've spoken to on Nginx, the acceleration I just mentioned that we're seeing there in this Kubernetes environment, what we're seeing in the cloud, Alex, I don't know if you pick that up in our script, but we have a -- about $100 million, our cloud business has now exceeded $100 million. We've got the partnership with AWS which continues to go very well. We announced last week a product integration with AWS -- in AWS CloudFront, which we think will be a catalyst and I talked about the broad base of subscriptions, that will drive organic growth next year. So overall, I think the software business is in acceleration phase and we're happy with that.
Alex Henderson: Thank you very much. Great quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Long from Barclays. Your line is open.
Tim Long: Thank you. Yes, two quick ones, if I could. First, just curious, if you could talk a little bit about revenue synergies from both in Nginx and Shape. It sounds like Shape had a pretty good quarter. And there is a lot of traction for Nginx. But if you can kind of let us know where we are on that synergy basis and how much more room there is for cross-selling there? And then second question is, just want to get into a little bit of the kind of the BIG-IP moderating on the hardware side, but good traction on the software side, could you talk a little bit about, I guess there has been, there had been cannibalization. So do you think we'll start hitting a point where it's a lot more driven by newer workloads on the BIG-IP software side, so that the sum of those two could be more positive than maybe it was when there is just some hardware to software replacement. Thank you.
François Locoh-Donou: Hey Tim, thank you. Let me start on Shape and Nginx. And Tim, we will see more about that at AIM in a few weeks, but a few highlights for you in terms of the synergies. What we are seeing is that the deal sizes on both Nginx, so our engineers has been part of F5 for 18 months and Shape has been part of our nine month. What we are seeing for both is a substantial increase in the average deal size of the result of the F5 go to market capabilities with Nginx and would Shape and also an acceleration of essentially new logo acquisition for both organizations. And so the combination of Nginx, go-to-market and F5 is yielding these results. And so the monetization of the platform is better with the Shape, we only have nine months of runway, but we're seeing exactly the same trends. Now in terms of product synergies, as you know when Nginx came as part of F5, they were really early into monetization of the platform, very powerful platform, but early monetization. We've now just released two new solutions, the Nginx controller and the up security called Nginx App Protect, which are early days, but getting traction and will substantially also increase the deal size with Nginx. So new products coming to accelerate monetization. And then on Shape, we have moved extremely quickly to build integrations between Shape and BIG-IP, and Shape and our silver line offering. So for example, we now offer the Shape bought defense technology as a managed security service on top of the WAF and DDoS bundle that already existed in our Civil managed security service and that has already accelerated civil line business in the last quarter. So we're very excited about what's become there and I will touch on that again in a few weeks. Now on to your question about BIG-IP, Tim, I think the -- you know what we are seeing there is I think the hardware, If you think about it, the hardware load balancing business, we think that's going to continue to decline. But increasingly our hardware business is driven by either standalone security hardware or bundles of security and ADC together and our stand-alone Security Hardware business is not declining, but it's a bigger mix of our total hardware business. And the result is you're seeing that that decline of hardware, which was in the 11%, 12% we think next year is going to be in the high single digits. So that's where -- and then to your point on cannibalization, I think we will continue to see more customers that are ADC customers adopt a software first approach both on-prem and in the cloud, and that's why we're -- we're continuing to forecast declines in overall hardware.
Tim Long: Okay, thank you.
François Locoh-Donou: Thanks, Tim.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee from J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi, thanks for squeezing me in here. François, if I can just start with getting some color from you on the traction you're seeing for Shape. You talked about the opportunities that you're seeing. Can you just talk about whether you're seeing kind of this adoption happening just because there is more need for security solutions or are you replacing any existing solutions and how do we get comfort around not seeing like a wave of vendor consolidation and security, once we get post kind of COVID planning from the customers, and I have a follow-up. Thank you.
François Locoh-Donou: Hi, Samik. Could you explain that last bit around concern of seeing a wave of consolidation.
Samik Chatterjee: What I was trying to get to is, we've had a lot of momentum here for the security vendors overall. So once we get post COVID planning from the enterprises, do we see kind of more consolidation and the number of security vendors like most enterprises work with.
François Locoh-Donou: Yes, I think what we're seeing and what you'll continue to see Samik, is that most large. So remember that F5 really is most exposed to kind of large enterprises and both large enterprises and service providers increasingly want to use a best-of-suite approach. So our approach to them is to offer a combination of application security technologies that allow their applications to stay online, so stay secure and allow us to protect the data and logic of these applications. And that overall suite for application security is not a component. It's not a single slice of application security. It's essentially the broadest application security portfolio that you can have. And so...
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this is the operator. I apologize for there'll be a slight delay in today's conference, please hold until we reconnect the speakers' line. The conference will resume momentarily. Again, ladies and gentlemen, this is the operator. I do apologize for the slight delay in today's conference. Thank you for your patience. The call will resume momentarily. Ladies and gentlemen, our speakers have rejoined us, and we still have Samik Chatterjee in queue for question.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi, François.
François Locoh-Donou: Samik, sorry about that. Our line was dropped. And did you hear the first part of the answer?
Samik Chatterjee: Yes. So, overall [ph] services. Yes, yes. So if I can just follow-up maybe for Frank quickly, because I know you're also up on the hour here. Just looking at the operating margins here, Frank, when the Shape acquisition was announced with prior to that, you were looking at about 33% to 35% operating margin. Now, you're guiding to about 31%, I think from next year, when I think about the delta there, is it primarily Shape or do you think there is kind of the environments that have had an impact on this? And thank you for taking my questions.
Frank Pelzer: Sure, absolutely. So yes, Shape accounted for the large majority of that. And I think Shape talk about 30% to 32%. We ended up on the low end of that range to make, and as always to get back above 31% for the fiscal 2021.
Samik Chatterjee: Thank you.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Samik.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Jeff Kvaal from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Jeff Kvaal: Thank you. I guess I have a question for you, François, one for you, Frank. François, I'm wondering if you could sketch out a little bit for us. Now that your security portfolio is well integrated, where do you find yourself having the most success in security and where do you find some of your, your rivals to involve, do you run into Zscaler etcetera, etcetera. And then, Frank for you, I'm wondering if you could help us a little bit understand sort of the thinking behind the buyback. And what we might expect in the coming year from that?
François Locoh-Donou: Yes, Jeff, so let me frame where we're having success and security. Number 1 is in application security. So we're not -- our focus is not on the endpoint security or really network security per se, our focus is on protecting applications and we're seeing that increasingly the most sophisticated attacks go through application, the sources of more breaches and incidents come from vulnerabilities in applications, and that's our focus. And we have now put a portfolio together, that is not only a single solution for application security. It's a suite of solutions for application security. And there are very few players that really provide Web Application Firewall, DDoS, remote access as well as bought and fraud protection and protecting not just how an application is accessed, but how the application is used, and protecting against module and behavior of that. And if you look at where we are having success with our portfolio, it's in the large enterprises. So, financial services, as you can imagine a lot at stake in terms of securing these applications and the digital interactions with our customers. But the same technology, some of the large, the largest social media platforms in the world are protecting -- protected by F5 and Shape, and we're seeing the same, the same kind of success in government and service providers. So that's the verticals where we get success and the types of solutions where we got a lot of traction.
Frank Pelzer: And then, Jeff, on the buyback, it's the same as it's been, it's certainly one of the uses of our strategic cash that we see. The other two uses are potentially M&A as well as paying down our Term Loan A that we took out to acquire Shape. And so those are the three things that we're focused on. You saw in the last quarter that we did another $50 million of share repurchase and will continue to be opportunistic on that going forward.
Jeff Kvaal: Okay, that sounds great. And I will look forward to more detail on the security progress in a few weeks. Thank you.
Frank Pelzer: Thank you so much, Jeff.
Operator: Thank you for attending today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-07-27 16:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. And welcome to the F5 Networks’ Third Quarter Fiscal 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Also, today’s conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Suzanne DuLong. Ma’am, you may begin.
Suzanne DuLong: Hello and welcome. I am Suzanne DuLong, F5’s Vice President of Investor Relations. François Locoh-Donou, F5’s President and CEO; and Frank Pelzer, F5’s Executive Vice President and CFO will be making prepared remarks on today’s call. Other members of the F5 executive team are also on hand to answer questions during the Q&A session. A copy of today’s press release is available on our website at f5.com, where an archived version of today’s call will be available through October 25, 2020. Today’s live discussion is supported by visuals, which are viewable on the webcast and will be posted to our IR site at the conclusion of today’s discussion. The replay of today’s call will be available through midnight Pacific Time, July 28th, by dialing 800-585-8367 or 416-621-4642, use meeting ID 8166352. For additional information or follow-up questions, please reach out to me directly at s.dulong@f5.com. Our discussion today will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in the press release announcing our financial results and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. With that, I will turn the call over to François.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Suzanne, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I will talk briefly to our business drivers before handing over to Frank to review the quarter’s results in detail. Despite macro uncertainty, we delivered strong third quarter results. As a company, we continue to take a human first approach. This means working to support our customers and each other as we cope with the ongoing pandemic and the resulting economic upheaval. It also means supporting each other through the social unrest and protests over the inequitable treatment of black members of our communities. At F5, our commitment to the fight against racism is a foundational part of our culture. We consider diversity and inclusion part of being an F5er. As a company, our exec team, in collaboration with our F5 Appreciates Blackness or FAB Employee Inclusion Group and our diversity and inclusion team are taking several steps to fight bias. This includes continuing our mandatory unconscious bias training for all employees. But no amount of policies or programs will achieve change if we do not make it personal. Everyday actions are what will truly make F5 a more diverse and inclusive company. I have pledged to all our employees, as has every member of the F5 exec team that we will be accountable in our words and in our actions. As part of our F5 global good efforts, we have previously committed to support STEM education grants, supporting women of color and underrepresented youth. In Q3, our FAB employee inclusion group went a step further, creating a fund and identifying partners to provide a resource for employees eager to support non-profits, working to advance basic human rights for people of color in the U.S. Over $124,000 was raised in just one month by F5ers, including the company match. We firmly believe that our commitment to our human first approach makes what we do as a business possible. This quarter, despite a multitude of challenges globally, our team outperformed our non-GAAP revenue and earnings guidance. Continued strong customer demand for software subscriptions and security use cases, drove 4% total revenue growth and fueled our 43% software growth. Our systems business was down 12%, while our services business grew 5%. In the current environment, our incumbency is a significant advantage. We are benefiting as customers accelerate their digital transformation and turn to operationalize solutions to meet both immediate and long-term business needs. After Frank reviews the quarter’s financial results and our Q4 outlook, I will talk to our business trends and customer highlights from the quarter. I will also take time today to introduce our vision for the future of applications. Frank?
Frank Pelzer: Thank you, François, and good afternoon, everyone. As François noted, we delivered a very strong Q3. Like last quarter, we are reporting non-GAAP revenue. Non-GAAP revenue excludes the impact of the purchase accounting write-down on Shape’s assumed deferred revenue. For transparency, we are committed to providing both GAAP and non-GAAP revenue during the period when purchase accounting will have an impact on Shape related revenue. On a GAAP basis, Q3 revenue was $583 million. Third quarter non-GAAP revenue of $586 million was up approximately 4% year-over-year and above the high end of million our $555 million to $585 million guidance range. Please note, as I review our revenue mix, I will be referring to non-GAAP revenue measures. Q3 product revenue of $256 million was up 3% year-over-year and accounted for approximately 44% of total revenue. Software revenue was $97 million, growing 43% against a particularly tough comparison of 91% growth in the prior year period. Software continues to grow as a percentage of product revenue, representing approximately 38% of product revenue in Q3, up from approximately 27% in the year ago quarter. We also continue our momentum towards a recurring revenue base with subscriptions of 73% of software revenue in the quarter. Services revenue of $330 million grew 5% year-over-year, and represented approximately 56% of revenue. Revenue from recurring sources, which includes term subscriptions as a service and utility based revenue, as well as the maintenance portion of our services revenue, totaled 66% of revenue in the quarter. Systems revenue of $159 million was down 12% year-over-year. On a regional basis in Q3, we saw strength in Americas and EMEA, with Americas delivering 11% revenue growth year-over-year and representing 57% of total revenue. EMEA delivered 6% growth, representing 24% of revenue. Against a challenging comparison in the year ago quarter, APAC was down 15% year-over-year and accounted for 19% of revenue. Looking at our bookings by vertical, enterprise customers represented 67% of product bookings and service providers accounted for 15%. Government customers represented 18% of product bookings, including 5% from U.S. Federal. Turning to our Q3 operating results. GAAP gross margin in Q3 was 81.8%, non-GAAP gross margin was 84.4%, GAAP operating expenses were $390 million, non-GAAP operating expenses were $327 million, our GAAP operating margin in Q3 was 15% and our non-GAAP operating margin was 28.6%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 20.4%, our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 20.2%. GAAP net income for the income for the quarter was $70 million or $1.14 per share. Non-GAAP net income was $134 million or $2.18 per share. This was above the top end of our guidance range due to our strong revenue performance, as well as disciplined operating expense management. Turning to the balance sheet, we generated $159 million in cash flow from operations. Cash and investments totaled approximately $1.2 billion at quarter end. While we have an estimated $1.3 billion remaining on our share repurchase authorization, we did not repurchase shares during the quarter, opting instead to conserve cash, given the uncertain macro environment. DSO was 47 days and capital expenditures for the quarter were $12 million. Deferred revenue increased 9% year-over-year to $1.3 billion, driven by an increase in maintenance contracts, as well as the acquired Shape deferred revenue. We ended the quarter with approximately 6,020 employees, up approximately 195 from Q2. Now let me share our guidance for fiscal Q4 of 2020. Unless otherwise stated, please note that my guidance comments reference non-GAAP metrics. Our Q4 outlook factors in the expected impact of continued global uncertainty related to COVID-19 and broader economic trends as we understand them today. Near-term we expect customers will prioritize investments that enable them to serve the immediate needs of their customers and employees. We expect to benefit from being a trusted and operationalized partner of the largest enterprises around the world. We also expect customers will scrutinize investment priorities, which could lead to longer purchasing cycles or deferred projects. With this in mind, we are targeting Q4 FY ‘20 non-GAAP revenue in the range of $595 million to $615 million. We expect gross margins between 84% and 85%. We estimate operating expenses of $326 million to $338 million. We anticipate our full year FY ‘20 effective tax rate will be in the range of 19.5% to 20.5%. This is lower than we previously estimated due to a non-recurring impact to foreign tax credits, resulting from an election we made in filing our FY ‘19 U.S. income tax return, which will impact our Q4 effective tax rate. Our Q4 earnings target is $2.30 to $2.42 per share. We expect Q4 share-based compensation expense of approximately $52 million to $53 million. Let me speak briefly on our capital allocation philosophy. With the current environment and interest rates declining, we expect to continue to prioritize building our cash position over near-term share repurchases and over paying down our Term Loan A associated with the Shape acquisition. However, consistent with what we have said previously, we also retained the option of repurchasing shares opportunistically in any open trading window. With that, I will turn the call back over to François. François?
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Frank. I will begin by discussing some of our business dynamics and drivers. As an organization, we remain nearly 100% work-from-home and we expect the majority of F5ers will work remotely for the rest of the calendar year 2020. We are taking a phased and cautious approach to returning to our offices globally. In certain geographies, we are allowing a very small percentage of employees to return to the office on a strictly voluntary basis. We also recently lifted travel restrictions in some geographies but we ask employees to consider carefully whether travel is essential and to quarantine for two weeks following their trip. We will revisit our approach regionally as circumstances and local advisories dictate. Despite the continued work-from-home conditions, F5ers remain very engaged and productive. My thanks to the entire F5 team for their persistence, ingenuity and resiliency in these unprecedented times. Together, we delivered a very strong third quarter, despite it also being the first quarter closed without a single face-to-face customer interaction. While we are very pleased with our third quarter performance, two quarters in we also have more perspective on COVID-19’s impact on our business. Overall, demand in our business is proving more resilient in the second half than our initial post-COVID expectations. Relative to our pre-COVID expectations for the year, we are seeing evidence of three expected COVID-related headwinds. First, similar to last quarter, while we are seeing strength from overall enterprise, we continue to see caution from the most severely impacted verticals. These include transportation, entertainment and leisure, and retail which combined represent less than 10% of our bookings. Second, our ASEAN and India sales regions were acutely impacted by COVID-19 related order delays in the last several weeks of the quarter. Third, while our sales team has kept up strong virtual engagement levels with customers, the prolong lack of face-to-face engagement is causing some delays with new strategic projects. These headwinds were in large part offset by the advantages of our strong incumbency and our alignment with customers’ investment priorities, resulting in the overall resiliency we have seen in our business. We noted last quarter that customers plan to accelerate their digital transformation because of COVID-19. Our Q3 results are evidence that they are executing against that intent. Large enterprise and service provider customers are increasing their digital engagement and boosting capacity and security on customer facing applications and on platforms that enable employee collaboration. While some customers are moving ahead with large scale transformation projects, we see an increasing number of prioritizing speed and choosing to deploy solutions they have already operationalized. F5’s incumbency, broad solutions portfolio and full hardware to software functionality are clearly an advantage in this environment. With F5, customers can deploy operationalized solutions with confidence knowing their application services can evolve in step with their application and business needs. We also continue to see broad customer demand for subscription-based consumption models across all geographies. In fact, in Q3, the team closed the largest number of subscription deals ever in a quarter. In addition, a growing number of customers are leveraging our broad application service portfolio and our ability to serve both traditional and modern applications. They are choosing F5 to cover a suite of application services using a combination of traditional F5, NGINX and Shape Solutions. As an example, this quarter, we won a hybrid cloud data center redesign with the Department of Health. Our solution delivers speed, visibility, reliability, flexibility and agility, while avoiding the management complexity that comes with multiple vendors. We delivered a detailed migration plan combining highly scalable BIG-IP access policy manager, an advanced web application firewall, global and local traffic managers, along with NGINX Controller and NGINX Plus. We also secured a win to deliver a comprehensive protection strategy for a major service provider. Our solution includes F5 WAF, NGINX, Shape and Silverline managed services. From a use case perspective, application security continues to emerge as a significant customer need for both traditional and modern applications. This is driving four kinds of opportunities for us. First, it is driving core F5 security deployments in both systems and software, including DDOS, SSL orchestration and web application firewall. In one example, during the quarter, a major video conferencing and collaboration tool provider chose F5 to provide global DDOS protection. Second, the need for application security is creating demand for the combination of F5 security on top of NGINX. The power of this combination was part of the rationale for acquiring NGINX last year and we are very pleased with our early traction. Last quarter, we mentioned an NGINX API gateway win that we combined with F5 WAF. This quarter, we secured a win with a multinational financial services corporation using NGINX API gateway and F5 app, Protect. We are enabling them to scale to 10,000 transactions per second, while securing each individual API to their third-party fintech partners. Use cases like this one, enabling best-in-class security on modern application architectures are gaining momentum and we believe will accelerate the appeal of NGINX to large enterprises. The third kind of opportunity driven by application security needs relates to strong customer interest in our Shape portfolio. Customers are looking to Shape AI and machine learning enabled defense capabilities to protect against a growing number of threats, both bots and human. For instance, this quarter, we secured a Shape defense win with a media conglomerate. We are protecting both the web and mobile deployments of their new over-the-top service against credential stuffing and other plants. Finally, we are seeing growing demand for application security as a managed service. In fact, we have layered Shape onto our Silverline managed services platform. The combination means we can provide customers the ability to protect not just the application, but also how the application works. A Shape Silverline combination is ideal for customers who either do not want to own or don’t have the expertise to manage the technology. We believe application security is a meaningful opportunity for F5 and expect demand to fuel growth for several years, but we are not stopping there. I am going to spend the remainder of our prepared remarks outlining for you where we are taking F5, how we intend to leverage and combine the respective strength and trajectories of traditional F5, NGINX and Shape to create adaptive applications and open new addressable market opportunity. We see a future where an application like a living organism will naturally adapt based on the environment. It will grow, shrink, defend and heal itself as needed. The combination of application services, telemetry and automation will enable it to become an adaptive application. Ultimately, adaptive applications will deliver increased revenue, reduce costs and better protection for application owners. We have been sharing this vision with our customers over the last several quarters and the feedback has been resoundingly positive. Our vision strongly aligns with where enterprises see the greatest opportunities for their applications and their businesses. Through our organic and inorganic investments, we are well on our way to delivering this vision for customers. We are creating an application services platform that will help customers accelerate their digital transformation and fundamentally change the way applications are delivered and secured. Let us step back a bit. To deliver engaging user experiences, many things need to happen between the applications business logic and the user. The application needs to scale as usage increases. It needs to be protected from attack and its availability must be maintained to meet end-user expectations. These are elements that are typically not in the functional requirements of the application and typically not addressed when the application was built. DevOps and site reliability engineering can help address these non-functional requirements. However, non-functional requirements are becoming more complex as the number of microservices based applications increase. Furthermore, business applications are increasingly distributed over a multi-cloud environment. They often have multiple generations of application architecture components in them namely three tier, web, mobile, micro services and even serverless. This creates the need for application services such as Ingress controller, API gateway, load balancer, web application firewall, et cetera, which need to be injected in a standard way between the application business logic and the end-user. Application services help applications operate securely at scale and distributed application services enable fast and secure digital customer experiences. While ideally, we could seamlessly insert and integrate application services in the application path, today it is not that simple. A typical enterprise IT needs to stitch together multiple application services from multiple vendors to deliver an application to customers. Our customer research showed that 59% of organizations use 10 or more application services. For most organizations, each of these application services is managed separately with its own management tools. This results in silo teams and high operational complexity. This fragmentation also creates inconsistent application security. While teams work to protect the different aspects of application behaviors, the user experience of the business service often is left under protected. Finally, this piecemeal approach limits visibility across the application delivery chain, making it impossible for enterprises to get a holistic view of the business impact. We are creating a unified platform to solve these challenges for our customers. We are delivering real value to customers, simplifying operational complexity, providing business insights and protecting the user experience end-to-end. We are also uniquely positioned to deliver a new level of application insights and automation. F5’s BIG-IP instances, along with NGINX software, support more than 400 million application workloads across the globe. We support application delivery with purpose built hardware in virtual machines, in container software and in native cloud services. Our solutions are truly multi-cloud supporting applications in customer’s data centers, in private clouds and in public clouds. This means, we are ideally positioned to help customers to collect a rich set of business telemetries through these application services, information like application latency, step information in an online purchase or the location information for end-users. The business-related telemetry we collect, combined with our proven AI-powered analytics engine from Shape, can help customers discover insights about their applications and business transactions. BIG-IP and NGINX application services translate these insights into application configuration policies to automate application delivery. With the addition of Shape, we are setting the bar higher and marching toward a multipurpose application analytics platform. Such a platform supports application insights and automation and AI ops, as well as AI-enabled security and fraud protection, end-to-end digital experience management and AI-enabled business services. For example, telemetry data about browser signature or customer credentials can help identify that a request to a retailer’s website is actually generated by a bot, not a human. This kind of information can be used to help identify fraudulent transactions. We are developing this comprehensive application analytics platform, leveraging telemetry from our rich set of application services and Shape’s AI-powered analytics. Today, we offer the most comprehensive application services along the application path, which scale and protect our customers’ mission-critical business services. Our application services support more than half of the world’s enterprise application workloads. For the future, we are doubling down on application telemetry in cloud analytics. We are leveraging machine learning and AI to help our customers to discover insights about their applications, business flows and user experiences. As a result of the investments we have made over the last several years, we have the major components required to realize our vision. We will accomplish this level of application insights and automation from multiple complementary tools designed to address specific customer challenges. The most recent of those tools is the Shape AI fraud engine or SAFE. SAFE is a cloud fraud-prevention service. We created and refined the initial version in a matter of weeks in response to fraud that first became visible in Shape’s analytics and telemetry data. SAFE and Shape recognized another analytics-based Shape Solution are both upsell propositions. SAFE enables a higher level of fraud protection than other cloud security solutions, while recognized, minimizes friction for legitimate application users and in doing so, drives increase in topline revenue for customers. Where other Shape Solutions target bot, SAFE targets human fosters, consider that a typical retailers web traffic is 95% bot traffic. Shape enterprise defense can block more of that bot traffic than other cloud security solutions, typically more than 99%. Once the bot traffic is identified and blocked, we then can zoom in and begin to analyze the much smaller volumes of human traffic and to identify very subtle, low volume, fraudulent behavior. Let me share a story about how SAFE works using a customer example. In this case, the customer is a $30 billion market cap nationwide restaurant chain, with COVID-19, more customers than ever before begin ordering food online. Bad actors were eager to take advantage of these new patterns. In one month, the chain lost $600,000 to an incredibly clever discount scam that used fake credit cards. The front stores would use social media to advertise 70% or 80% discounts on meals, if customers ordered and paid through them. The fraudsters then used fake credit cards or other payments to place orders at the restaurant. Food is prepared and picked up only later that the restaurant discovered that the payment method was invalid. With SAFE, we delivered a 90% plus reduction in fraudulent orders. With SAFE and Shape recognized, F5 delivers a complete set of application security capabilities that span high volume bot attack in the hundreds of millions per day, all the way down to ultra-sophisticated fraud scheme that number in the 10s per day. We see our journey to our journey to creating adaptive applications occurring in four acts, each of which brings with it new growth opportunities for F5. With Acts 224, we are also expanding our addressable opportunity. From a timing perspective, we are working multiple acts in parallel. In Act 1, we took steps to expand our opportunity within traditional applications. In this phase, we unlock new growth opportunity by adding automation and orchestration to our existing software solutions. We made them lighter weight. We made them easier to procure, consume and deploy. We made upgrades easier. The majority of the software growth of this year and last comes as a result of these actions and we believe there is additional growth ahead. We continue to innovate our next-generation BIG-IP software that will further differentiate F5 in traditional applications. The addition of NGINX took us into Act 2, opening a new addressable opportunity for F5. NGINX enables us to serve modern application environments and cloud native applications. In fact, half of NGINX deployments are in the public cloud. NGINX also brought us modern application services, including API gateway and API management, Kubernetes Ingress control and microservices proxy. NGINX enables us to win against competing software vendors and cloud-native services that lock customers into a specific architecture putting infrastructure and development teams at odds. We took a different approach with the new version of NGINX Controller, our orchestration and analytics platform. We expect controller will bridge the divide between dev teams building modern apps and the infrastructure team that need to secure scale and monitor them. We believe Act 2 brings significant growth opportunity and complements our existing BIG-IP footprint. Act 3 is all about application security, where the last decade was focused on network security, we believe the next opportunity is application security. We started this act organically focused on traditional applications. The ambition of NGINX gives us the opportunity to expand application security to modern applications. And the addition of Shape adds significant capabilities to serve both traditional and modern applications, doubling our application security opportunity from $4 billion to $8 billion. We are well on our way to establishing ourselves as the leading security player for our traditional application security solutions. We are very early on in our efforts to apply best-in-class security to modern applications with the combination of F5 and NGINX, and we are only beginning to tap the potential of growth for Shape. In Act 4, we will leverage analytics to drive automation and deliver business insights. We will leverage our broad application services and Shape’s powerful analytics to deliver AI-enabled security and fraud protection, digital experience management, application performance management, and AIOPS and analytics-enabled business services. Through our existing investments, we are well on our way to delivering this vision for customers. We are creating a differentiated application services platform that will enable adaptive applications, helping customers accelerate their digital transformation and fundamentally changing the way applications are delivered and secured. Let me wrap up the prepared remarks from today’s call by thanking the entire F5 team again, as well as our customers and partners. We are more confident than ever that our vision, our investments and our innovation are well aligned with both near and longer term customer demand. With that, Operator, we will now open the call to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Tim Long with Barclays. Your line is open.
Tim Long: Thank you. Yeah. Two quick ones if I could. Frank or François, first, could you just give a little color on how the performance was in the cloud or hyperscale space where you guys obviously have been increasing the service offering there, so could you just give us a little flavor on how it’s going? And then second, I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the telco business. I think you announced a win with Rakuten again, it might have been your second one. So you could just talk a little bit about how you see your solutions positioning in a 5G world, maybe more so than what we saw in the 4G world for the telco vertical? Thank you.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Tim. So I will start with the -- our solutions in the public cloud. I mean, generally, we are seeing a continuation of the trend of the past few quarters, which is that our footprint in public cloud is accelerating and growing faster and I will give you a couple of components of that. First, of course, our partnership with AWS continues to increase the number of opportunities that we have in public cloud. Largely AWS is making a number of opportunities visible to us that were not before, so that’s helping and contributing to accelerate our growth in public cloud. We are also seeing with NGINX, a large number of deployments. I think kind of half of the NGINX deployments are in public cloud and so we are now seeing an opportunity to be in front of modern applications in public cloud, but also applications that were traditional applications that are being refactored and move to the public cloud. NGINX has a very strong value proposition to keep up in front which factored application, especially when they are going multi-cloud and so F5 value proposition of multi-cloud against native tool is very compelling. So, generally, continued growth in and with public cloud providers. So you mentioned hyperscalers as well. I will say that we are part of the infrastructure of some of the hyperscalers providing a number of customer testing applications such as collaborating -- collaboration type application and so we have had an opportunity to scale with these applications as well. As it relates to telco and the evolution, as you know, we have had a very strong presence in the 4G, specifically the GI LAN infrastructure of mobile providers and we are about to transition into 5G. We are seeing a substantial ramp-up in the number of 5G opportunities and that is a very strong upcoming catalyst for -- it’s a very strong upcoming catalyst for our software, because a lot of these 5G opportunities take advantage of the work we have done on virtualization and essentially that most of the opportunities now are software driven. We have now won important design win in environments that are essentially cloud native and container native, and we have been able to win these opportunities for a combination of F5 BIG-IP and NGINX filling in this cloud-native environment. So our excitement about telco and 5G is we are seeing here the kind of breadth of the F5 application services playing an important role in these new architectures.
Tim Long: Okay. Thank you.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Tim.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Fish with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
James Fish: Hi, guys. Thanks for the question. NGINX was picking up for us ahead of the quarter and I was just wondering is the new integrated architecture starting to lead towards more wins with that architecture or is it a refresh of it -- or is it more of the refresh in terms of purchasing more what it’s knows through F5? And I guess also, how are you thinking about leveraging NGINX and F5 for moving it into the edge computing world?
François Locoh-Donou: Yeah. Jim, I will start with the first part of your question around what -- and I want to make sure, Jim, you are asking about, what are the catalysts that are driving both in the NGINX business?
James Fish: It’s more about understanding, François, if this new combined architecture of having NGINX and F5 together is leading towards more wins with customers or if it’s customers right now just spending to keep the lights on and buying what they knew before?
François Locoh-Donou: Oh! Okay. Thank you for clarifying, Jim. So the answer is absolutely yes. I mean, this quarter, we have a higher set of number of multi-product deals 195 and largely driven by combinations of F5 BIG-IP and NGINX value proposition coming together and I will give you a couple of examples. We have ported F5 app security tack on to NGINX and we are now starting to a number of customers of that team, wanting to take advantage of the fast security. So what we call NGINX, which we see last quarter, is getting a lot of traction and helping accelerate the monetization of NGINX. We are also seeing with the controller that we have introduced traction around our API gateway and API gateway and API management solutions and we are able to add that to customers that already have F5 solution. So examples of these multi-product deals that this is by fact that is a large number of return subscriptions that we sold this quarter were a combination of F5 and NGINX together. So this better to get a story of really reaching the world of DevOps and the world of NetOps together are giving more visibility to network operations team into their all of this environment that is starting to play out and our customers, and that’s one of the drivers in our software growth. Your second question was around edge computing. So we today have, we call it a light asset edge service called Silverline, which broadly offer mass web application firewall and we offer the managed service. And we have now bought in Shape anti-bot technology on top of that offering and so we are able to serve the needs of some customers that want edge capability. We don’t intend to go in a CapEx-intensive way into the edge computing market ourselves, but our fundamental value proposition of the company is that we are essentially infrastructure agnostic and so we -- our solution can be deployed in public cloud, on-prem, in private clouds and in partnership with CDN providers. So we have a number of partnerships as well with CDN players that can use our app security in fact to protect applications in the whole study posted in the edge.
James Fish: Got it. Thank you for all that color and take care.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, James.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sami Badri with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Sami Badri: Hi. Thank you very much for the question and congrats on solid numbers for the quarter. My question mainly is to do with this new vision you are laying out the Adaptive application vision. Is this predominantly going to be offered in the form of an ELA or a very, very flexible consumption agreement with your customers and where exactly that will be consumed, is it going to be multi-cloud, is it going to be predominantly offered to customers scaling applications and public clouds? Can you just give us more of an idea on how mechanically the numbers are going to work or your revenue sources are going to work once this kind of like really rolls out and begins more -- begins to be more mainstream with your customer base?
François Locoh-Donou: Sami, thank you. Look, some of this is still to play, but I think on the consumption examples that you have mentioned, it’s all of the above. We are -- by the way, I should say, we are already seeing elements of that vision coming into play today. What we see that with, I just mentioned a customer deploying F5 and NGINX together. This quarter, what we see in this environment, customers want to kind of consolidate on vendors that offer a strong breadth of application services and so there’s a number of deals we have already won this quarter, where essentially, we are taking out some niche players and niche solutions that our customers they have had. But as they look at their future needs, they kind of look at the vision of where F5 is going and they already take three or four of these application services together could change the digital experience and so we are starting to see that happen in real-time in the opportunities that we are winning today. And today that’s happening, we see deals combination of hardware and software, deals with a combination of on-prem and public cloud. We are seeing that with customers protecting a combination of traditional and modern applications. And we are now starting to see that with a Shape contributing division with the integrations we have already made with Shape and our Silverline offering and customers consuming that as the managed service. So you are -- we are early days in that. The realization as time goes on of this vision is going to get much bigger and that you saw in the 4 acts that we presented. I think, over time, the opportunity for F5 gets much larger. But you are already seeing some of these consumption models and consolidation of application delivery and application security across multiple types of infrastructure, that’s actually starting to play out right now.
Sami Badri: Got it. Got it. Thank you for that color. And, kind of, like taking what you just said and just kind of framing the way we should be looking at the forward-looking business here, is as adaptive applications continues to scale, we will expect services software, NGINX, Shape to kind of be attached to that. But when we look at like some of the reported metrics that you guys have delivered on systems growth specifically and these kind of double-digit declines, should we expect this trend to essentially continue with systems continuously to be declining, whereas the rest of the business is growing, like, should that relationship continue as adaptive applications continues to accelerate?
François Locoh-Donou: I mean, broadly, the answer is yes, because the -- a lot of our customers want to move to the software-first environment. And the software-first environment gives them the flexibility to deploy ultimately the vision for adaptive applications, give them a lot more flexibility to start new application services, to take the benefits of automation and orchestration, and ultimately, to leverage the work we are doing in analytics. So, overall, of these trends point to -- you will continue to see our systems business decline and you will continue to see our software growth and the -- overall, you will see that the majority of the business of the company will be software.
Sami Badri: Got it. Got it. And I am sorry to ask the third one. There’s a lot in this earnings call tied to your telecom and service provider opportunities. You have had significant traction with Rakuten, obviously, the theme of virtualizing network cores is now coming to the U.S. with the DISH being a very, I want to say, first big batter here that has to prove itself and the infrastructure. Should it kind of go -- should people be making the assumption that since you guys were very effective at insertions with Rakuten in a virtualized core abroad that your advantages and your know-how and how to do this in certain use cases and functions in the U.S. cores, should we basically have some conviction in this idea or would you say that this is going to be completely different. There’s going to be a new bidding process, et cetera, because the idea of virtualizing cores for telcos is, I guess, we can all agree, it’s pretty complicated stuff. So, we just want to get an idea on how big or if traction is going to be one of the big drivers for F5 going forward in telco and SP?
François Locoh-Donou: Sami, I think, you should -- the way to think about this is, every carrier, I think, is going to be different in their transition from 4G to 5G. Some will look for and some will not use that. But, overall, if you look at the 5G architecture and where kind of the end state of where people are going, we feel very, very good about the work we have done, the special software F5 bring to these 5G architectures to be inserted in large carrier infrastructure, one is in the U.S., actually in Asia or in Europe and we have already some informed design wins beyond Rakuten in that space. So, I think, you should read from that, that we have pretty good conviction around the role that we are going to play in 5G infrastructure going forward.
Sami Badri: Got it. All right. Thank you very much, François.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Sami.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee with J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. If I could just follow-up firstly on Sami’s question here about the vision you are laying out for application services. Just curious how to think about kind of when you think about all the pieces for Act 4, how much of that is organic versus inorganic and some of the AI, et cetera, capabilities, how much of that do you need to look outside to bring those capabilities in-house and I have a follow-up.
François Locoh-Donou: Hi, Samik. Well, if you look at the analytics platform, so when we lay the acquisition of Shape, there were multiple reasons we felt strongly this was a great combination with F5. One was, of course, the business that the Shape was in at the anti-fraud business. And as I have shared with you, we really think we have entered the era of application capital where most cloud is going to be on applications and Shape is factoring that secular trend and that in fact, we already saw that we already saw that an acceleration of that this quarter with COVID, and I think I can come back to that later. But the anti-bot business was one of the big reasons for the acquisition. The second big reason for the acquisition was around technology and it was the large amount of money and time that Shape has invested in building an AI-powered analytics platform. And so the reason you see that here and that core part of our vision already realizing is in fact because of the technology assets from Shape. So the M&A as it relates to that essentially have been done with the acquisition. Overall, we don’t go out with that as we march towards this vision of adaptive applications, down the road, we might want to accelerate certain things inorganically, but in terms of analytics specifically we have a big head start with the acquisition of Shape.
Samik Chatterjee: Got it. Got it. Thank you. And if I can just follow-up, the guidance you issued for fiscal fourth quarter is a narrower range on the revenue right to the last quarter. So it does imply you have more visibility now, just kind of, again, wanted to get your kind of get what you are seeing in relation to customer activity, particularly cadence through the quarter, are the sales cycles compressing a bit relative to what you saw last quarter or is that driving the higher visibility here?
Frank Pelzer: Samik, this is Frank. So I think our approach was very similar to last quarter. We obviously have had our quarterly business reviews with our sales team. We feel like the guidance that we have given is appropriate and because it was the first quarter that we were living in a post-COVID world, I think, we wanted to give a little bit more of a range, but I think we do feel a bit more comfortable going into Q4 with the visibility that we have got on that activity that we could tighten that up by $10 million.
Samik Chatterjee: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks. You noted in an answer to a previous question about multi-product deals picking question. But just any commentary you could give on pickup in ELAs or just interest in ELAs in this environment, maybe are there people just wanting to know more what they are buying versus open-ended deals? And then maybe second question, any just update on the AWS partnership and any traction you have been able to make without sales or without in-person sales?
François Locoh-Donou: Meta, so on ELA is the demand continues to be very strong. And -- but I would say, there are kind of two tale of the stories there. One of the effects we are seeing in this COVID environment is that customers -- there are some strategic kind of transformation that customers are pushing out, largely because they have to tend to more near-term priorities. So that in a way, there’s some large potential ELAs that could happen this quarter that will happen more down the road. But at the same time, we did more -- in terms of volumes of transactions, we did more ELAs this quarter than we did ever before and those ELAs were often a combination of multiple F5 products, so BIG-IP plus NGINX and now we started to see Shape as well. So that’s where we are at on ELAS. And as it relates to the AWS partnership, we are making very good progress. We have -- we are getting a lot of visibility for AWS in terms of new opportunities. We are -- where we thought we would be at this point in the relationship and I think we will see further acceleration in 2021 because we are working on joint solution integration. And also now working with AWS migration partners to accelerate the work we are doing for migration of workload. So, overall, good traction so far and expect even more in 2021 from the joint collaboration.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks. Congrats.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Meta.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Henderson with Needham. Your line is open.
Alex Henderson: Thank you very much. I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the timeline between the various phases you described in your presentation. Clearly, you have already done Phase 1 and positioned into Phase 2, with Kubernetes and the application growth driving that vector, it’s pretty clear that ex number of years that’s going to be a very high rate of growth. I was wondering if you could give us a little granularity around that. Do you expect to gain share as a result of your high rate of penetration in Kubernetes and increasing Kubernetes deployment as a percent of new applications, and therefore, gain share within the application market? And then the second question is as you move into the Phase 3 and Phase 4, how do you see those ramping in as a contribution to the software growth rates? Is that a stutter for a year or so and then get a real head of steam around it to get into the Phase 3 or is that already happening and when does Phase 4 kick-in? Thank you.
François Locoh-Donou: Okay. Thank you. Let me take you through the timeline of it. So, Act 1, which is really F5 providing app delivery against traditional application. Of course, is happening right now, largely driven with our BIG-IP platform and a lot of the work that we have done over the last two years, three years have been moving to software-first environment with a lot of innovation in our model that has gone on to be successful in a more automated, orchestrated software environments including public cloud. And I would say, a lot of the growth you have seen in our software today has really come from Act 1. Act 2, which is F5, getting in front of modern applications, really started with the acquisition of NGINX. And you are right, Alex, about the penetration of Kubernetes environment. We are accelerating in that space, and yes, we do intend to gain share in the modern application space because we worked there before. And that is something that’s starting to play out now, I think, it’s going to play out for the next several years. I would say, we are still in the early innings of A, being part of modern applications, and B, monetizing that presence. But the stuff we have done with taking app security, the application security solution from F5 and putting that on NGINX as an example. The new NGINX Controller, the new application services like API gateway that we build, all of these things are starting to provide traction on Act 2. Act 3 is really around protecting both traditional and modern application. We have started down organically with F5, that’s why our security business was part of our software growth. But that is being accelerated in good shape and we intend to port the Shape capability across the F5 portfolio. So we have already ported chip capabilities on Silverline, which is our managed security service, but we will have our Shape capabilities with BIG-IP, we will have it with NGINX. So Act 3 is already contributing today, but you should expect them to continue even more in the future. So I would say, Act 2 and Act 3 over the next couple of years will contribute meaningfully.  Act 4, I think, in terms -- if you are thinking in terms of material contribution to our financial performance, I would say, Act 4 is really begun the next couple of years. From a technology perspective, we already have a lot of components. We started engaging with customers around some of the solutions that resonate the most with them, around leveraging analytics to give them the right insight for their application. Shape actually has already started releasing a couple of solutions that we just had. But I think in terms of that becoming a material contributor to us, we think that’s beyond the next couple of years.
Alex Henderson: If I could just follow-up. It’s my understanding that you guys are the dominant controller that’s used in Kubernetes deployments today and if Kubernetes increases as sharply as a percentage of new applications, doesn’t that, by definition, drive share gains? 
Kara Sprague: Hi, Alex. This is Kara. With NGINX we have a solution that is tailor-made to be deployed in microservices and container native environment such as Kubernetes and it is the leading collection of web servers in those environments for modern customer facing digital experiences. And so we think with NGINX at its presence in hundreds of millions of those kind of consumer facing modern applications, we have a good head start for then inserting some of those security capabilities and the analytics capabilities that François spoke about.
Alex Henderson: I know I could get Kara on there somehow. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Silverstein with Cowen. Your line is open.
Paul Silverstein: Thanks. I appreciate. François and Frank, I was hoping you could tell us what was the Shape contribution to revenue and related to that, obviously, what was the organic software revenue growth in the quarter and then I have got a quick follow-up?
Frank Pelzer: Paul, so it was a little less than $20 million and so without Shape, I think, the number would have been 14%.
Paul Silverstein: 14% organic revenue growth?
Frank Pelzer: Correct.
Paul Silverstein: Oh! Okay. Just an observer -- a question related to observation, First of all, your 5G commentary was different this go around than what you said historically. Historically, you have made the comment, the observation that you won’t see meaningful 5G revenue until there was meaningful take-up of 5G services, because what you did with later in the cycle dependent upon the take-up of those services in terms of number of users and the intensity of use. And your commentary on this call seem to be very different in terms of same traction. Now I am just trying to understand exactly what you are saying and before you respond the other question would be, your ASEAN and India commentary, I just want to make sure I understood it, are you saying that not only did it get hit hard early on, but you haven’t seen any improvement, was it -- is it still in the doldrums or are you seeing any signs of that coming back relative to the impact of COVID-19, appreciate it.
François Locoh-Donou: Paul, let me start with ASEAN. I think it’s still -- the business there is still impacted. In India -- and then to be specific, I am talking about India and few of the countries in ASEAN region, either because of first lockdowns or second waves and countries going back into lockdown such as Singapore. But, generally, in that region, we have been impacted throughout for the last really 60 days and it’s kind of ongoing. On 5G, Paul, I think, like, I think, I said two things in the past. One is, I said, once we would see 5G radios deployed that we would start to see capacity upgrade in the core, and I would say, to a large extent we haven’t seen those yet and I think there is still to come. I do think in the very short-term, some carriers have diverted from spend that would have gone on wireless infrastructure into wireline to address work-from-home issues that increase capacity, issues on fixed infrastructure and that’s true for kind of carriers that combine wireless and wireline infrastructure. But what I am seeing, as it relates to 5G opportunities for F5 is we are now you know seeing a ramp-up in opportunities in 5G and we have already some design wins that give us confidence in the role we are going to play. So I would expect to see that start to contribute to us next year. Exactly when I would be able to put or pinpoint, which quarter is, as you know, that service providers, you can’t predict that accurately, but I would expect that next year we would see those contributing.
Paul Silverstein: And François, one quick follow-up, if I may. Once upon a time, F5 was a 40% operating margin company and I understand you all needed to make investments to reposition the company, but you are now down to 28% and change. Any thoughts on if and when we see a healthy rebound in operating margin and you start to leverage the revenue growth you are starting to generate?
Frank Pelzer: Sure. Paul, we will have more to talk about this when we talk about our next quarter, as well as when we reschedule the end presentation. But I do feel like we are closer to the bottom here, and I think, you will see with the Q4 guide that we have given, we are ramping back up from here and expect to see that continue.
Paul Silverstein: Appreciate it. Thanks guys.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Paul.
Frank Pelzer: Thanks Paul.
Operator: This concludes the time we have for today’s session. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-04-27 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5 Networks Second Quarter Fiscal 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I'll now turn the call over to Ms. Suzanne DuLong. Ma'am, you may begin.
Suzanne DuLong: Hello and welcome. I'm Suzanne DuLong, F5's Vice President of Investor Relations. François Locoh-Donou, F5's President and CEO; and Frank Pelzer, F5's Executive Vice President and CFO will be making prepared remarks on today's call. Other members of the F5 executive team are also on hand to answer questions during the Q&A portion of today's call. A copy of today's press release is available on our website at F5.com, where an archived version of the call will be available through July 27, 2020. The replay of today's discussion also will be available through midnight Pacific tomorrow, April 28, by dialing 800-585-8367 or 416-621-4642. For additional information or follow-up questions, please reach out to me directly at s.dulong@f5.com. Our discussion today will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in the press release announcing our financial results and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. With that, I will turn the call over to François.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Suzanne, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. For all of us, this has been an extraordinary few months. COVID-19 has altered just about everything about our daily lives. My deepest sympathizes go to those that have been personally affected by the disease, an already enormous number that sadly grows each day. At F5, our culture prioritizes the humaneness of us all. Like most companies, our first priority in a crisis is ensuring the health and safety of our employees, their families and our communities. For most of March and April, our entire global team has been working remotely. Beyond health and safety, though, we have taken a human-first approach to this crisis. For us, that means supporting our customers and each other however we can. Over the last weeks, I have witnessed small and large acts of F5ers' generosity, perseverance and creativity around the world. They have supported our customers through crisis, they have donated to communities most in need, and they have lent helping hands to colleagues who are struggling. These acts of humanity are what make me so proud to be an F5er. Frank and I will speak in greater detail about COVID-19's impact on our business during our remarks today. Overall, we delivered a very strong second fiscal quarter. Our 7% total revenue growth was driven by customer demand for reliable application access and performance and consistent application security. Our analysis shows COVID-19 had a net neutral impact on business in the quarter. For the first two and a half months of Q2, we experienced minimal disruption outside of Asia. Beginning in March, we experienced accelerated activity in our access and control solutions. We worked with customers too quickly and in some cases, massively sale access and capacity to deal with increasing numbers of remote workers. We also saw some evidence of certain customers accelerating purchases of F5 solutions to strengthen their critical application infrastructures. These tailwinds were offset by some project push-outs as customers prioritize acute COVID-19 priorities. Strong customer demand for software subscriptions and security use cases fueled our 96% overall software growth. Consistent with last quarter, our Systems business was down 11%, while our Services business grew 5%. Even considering the macro environment, our customer engagement remains very high. I will speak to our COVID-19-related actions in more detail and other customer highlights in the quarter, after Frank reviews the quarter's financial results and our Q3 outlook. Frank?
Frank Pelzer: Thank you, François, and good afternoon, everyone. As François noted, we delivered a very strong Q2. You will note, we are reporting non-GAAP revenue this quarter. Non-GAAP revenue excludes the impact of the purchase accounting write-down on Shape's assumed deferred revenue. For transparency, we are committed to providing both GAAP and non-GAAP revenue during the period when purchase accounting will have an impact on Shape related revenue. On a GAAP basis, Q2 revenue was $583.4 million. Second quarter non-GAAP revenue of $585.6 million was up approximately 7% year-over-year and at the midpoint of our $580 million to $590 million guidance range.  GAAP net income for the quarter was $61.4 million or $1 per share. Non-GAAP net income was $135.9 million or $2.23 per share. This was above the top end of our guidance range due to our strong revenue performance as well as our disciplined operating expense management in the quarter. Please note, as I review our revenue mix, I will be referring to non-GAAP revenue measures. Q2 product revenue of $262 million was up 10% year-over-year and accounted for approximately a 45% of total revenue. As François mentioned, software revenue grew 96% year-over-year. Software represented approximately 35% of product revenue in Q2, up from approximately 19% in the year-ago quarter. Excluding the partial quarter contribution from Shape, software grew 65% in Q2. We continue to see strong uptake in our software solutions, sold as subscriptions, including long-term subscriptions. Services revenue of $324 million grew 5% year-over-year and represented approximately 55% of revenue. Recurring revenue, which includes the maintenance portion of our services revenue and subscription revenue, totaled 65% of revenue in the quarter. Systems revenue of $171 million was down 11% year-over-year as customers continue to transition to software-based solutions. Systems accounted for approximately 65% of product revenue and 29% of total revenue in the quarter. On a regional basis, in Q2, we saw strength across our global theaters. Americas delivered 7% revenue growth year-over-year, representing 56% of total revenue. EMEA grew 8% and accounted for 25% of revenue, while APAC grew 9% and accounted for 19% of revenue. Looking at our bookings by vertical, enterprise customers represented 69% of product bookings and service providers accounted for 15%. Government customers represented 16% of product bookings, including 7% from US federal. Let us now discuss our Q2 operating results. GAAP gross margin in Q2 was 83%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 85%. GAAP operating expenses were $399 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $327 million. Q2's operating expenses reflect our normal seasonality as well as approximately $4 million in COVID-19-related costs. This includes a $2 million increase to our global good funding for COVID-19 relief efforts and approximately $2 million related to events canceled as a result of COVID-19. Our GAAP operating margin in Q2 was 14.3%, and our non-GAAP operating margin was 29.1%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 26.5% and our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 20.2%. Turning to the balance sheet. In Q2, we generated $182 million in cash flow from operations. Cash and investments totaled approximately $1 billion at quarter end. As a reminder, we added $400 million in term loan debt as part of the Shape acquisition, which closed in the quarter. During Q2, we repurchased approximately 50 million of F5 shares for 442,000 shares at an average price of $113.18. We have an estimated $1.3 billion remaining on our share repurchase authorization. DSO was 52 days, and capital expenditures for the quarter were $13 million. Deferred revenue increased 10% year-over-year to $1.3 billion, driven by an increase in maintenance contracts as well as acquired Shape deferred revenue. We ended the quarter with approximately 5,825 employees, up approximately 525 employees from Q1, including 380 associates added from Shape. Now, let me share our guidance for fiscal Q3 of 2020. Unless otherwise stated, please note that my guidance comments reference non-GAAP metrics. Over the last three years, we have taken steps to significantly strengthen our business and financial model. We believe our actions have built meaningful resiliency into F5's business. For example, recurring revenue as a percent of total revenue has increased from 52% in FY 2017 to 65% in the latest quarter. Likewise, software subscription as a percentage of software revenue has increased from 22% in FY 2017 to over 73% in Q2 of 2020. Our Q3 outlook factors in the expected impact of global uncertainty related to COVID-19 as we understand it to date. As we speak to you today, we have not seen a meaningful impact on bookings or in our supply chain. Visibility is understandably less clear beyond the current quarter. As a result, we are withdrawing the fiscal year 2020 outlook we provided in December of 2019 when we announced our Shape acquisition. In the near-term, we expect customers will continue to evaluate their ability to support their employees and consumers in prolonged social distancing scenarios. We expect to benefit from being the trusted and operationalized partner of the largest enterprises around the world. We also expect customers will scrutinize investment priorities, which could lead to longer purchasing cycles or deferred projects. As a result, we are targeting Q3 2020 non-GAAP revenue in the range of $555 million to $585 million. We expect gross margins at/or around 85%. We estimate operating expenses of $320 million to $332 million in Q3, reflecting a full quarter of Shape-related expenses. We anticipate our effective tax rate for Q3 will remain in the 21% to 22% range. Our Q3 earnings target is $1.91 to $2.13 per share. In the quarter, we expect share based compensation expense of approximately $52 million to $53 million. Let me speak briefly to our capital allocation philosophy. With the current environment and interest rates declining, we have reprioritized building our cash position ahead of paying down the $400 million term loan A associated with the Shape acquisition. Consistent with what we have said previously, we also retain the option of repurchasing shares opportunistically in any open trading window. With that, I will turn the call back over to François. François?
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Frank. I mentioned previously that we have embraced a human-first approach to the COVID-19 crisis. I will speak to what that means in terms of our response for our employees, our communities, and our customers. First, for our employees. We implemented work-from-home for our Asia Pac teams in January and reached a global-wide work-from-home state by mid-March. We also implemented progressively more stringent work-related travel restrictions as the quarter progress and canceled or postponed large in-person events. Our human-first approach also means that we embrace and encourage flexibility. We want to ensure that F5ers have the time and space to deal with emergencies, but simply the new realities of working from home. Most importantly, today, we are making a pledge to our employees that there will be no layoffs at F5 in fiscal year 2020. In this time of adversity and difficulty, we want to remove any worry our employees may have about their jobs or providing for their families. We believe having this certainty will enable us to better focus on our customers and their needs. We are confident that, though there may be macro uncertainty around the second half of our fiscal year, we have built a resilient business that will allow us to weather that uncertainty without making substantial changes to our workforce. Turning to our community response. As I have shared in my last two annual shareholder letters, F5 recently has taken a stronger stance in our communities because we believe we have a role to play. As a result, our COVID-19 response includes actions to help our communities globally. Our global good program, established in 2018, includes paid time-off for employees to volunteer and charitable donation matching as well as opportunities for employees to participate in localized philanthropic campaigns and community impact grants. In response to COVID-19 related needs, we increased our global good funding by $2 million, dedicating a total of $2.5 million to be allocated three ways: first, targeting localized response, supporting the communities where we live and work. Second, through employee directed giving good employment including Tech for Good COVID-19 response grants. We are also leveraging our resources to support healthcare, nonprofit and educational organizations. These organizations are taking heroic steps to keep us all safe during this global crisis, and we want to help them with any security and technology challenges so they can stay focused on doing their essential work. For instance, on March 17, the same-day as the United States first shelter in place was announced in San Francisco, we launched a program designed to help organizations handle exponentially increased website traffic demands. We are providing one year free NGINX Plus where needed. Today, more than 20 healthcare, educational and non-profits are taking advantage of this assistance. Since then we have made additional services available for free to assist healthcare, education and other non-profits, including remote access and security solutions as well as 5,000 free service hours. Our human-first approach also includes doing what it takes to ensure our customers can protect their employees while continuing to serve their customers. I am very proud of the way the F5 team has confronted and concurred new and impossible to foresee challenges, often under extreme circumstances. For most of our customers, COVID-19-related remote application access quickly became a priority. In fact, by mid-March, we were experiencing a 400% increase in access-related support calls. Customers needed to quickly and securely scale remote access capabilities, and that fiber is were there to help. With thousands of employees suddenly working from home, we enabled one of the largest banking and investment institutions in the United States to scale its VPN access from 400,000 to 500,000 remote users. This ensured uninterrupted secure financial services to customers around the world. We also upgraded the traffic management solutions at a major multi-hospital health system in the U.S. both six hospitals and 10 specialty centers can continue providing exceptional care to patients. In another example, we helped a multinational mass media conglomerate, increased network capacity within one day, so that 100,000 additional employees could work from home in the U.S. and London. Understanding the urgent need to continue supporting consumers with their prescriptions and health insurance claims, a Fortune 10 Retail Healthcare Corporation added 160, 000 remote workers to its network in under 24 hours. And these are just a handful of the access and remote work-related challenges, our teams moved mountains to solve for customers in Q2. We continue to see strong demand coming from key growth areas, including subscriptions, security and NGINX. Our 96% software growth points to solid sales execution and continued customer adoption of our BIG-IP software for application delivery and security. During Q2, we saw continued rapid acceptance of our subscription-based offerings, both for one and three-year terms. As customers look to accelerate automation efforts, the flexibility of our subscription models enables them to take full advantage of their F5 investment. A quarter into its launch, we also are seeing promising early wins for NGINX Controller 3.0. Controller's application-centric design incorporates a self-service model, configuration API, application reporting and analytics and built-in security capabilities. These features appeal to new NGINX customers as well as current NGINX customers looking to scale. We are beginning to see real traction with our F5 and NGINX better together vision. In fact, we secured an NGINX win with F5 security in the quarter at an existing F5 customers, a leading oil and gas company in the Middle East. The customer has been working to consolidate its critical applications across all its operating companies into its main data center. With literally hundreds of applications, the customer was facing massive challenges, and one of the biggest was API management. Security was also a key concern, given the industry and the increased risk of attacks. They opted to deploy NGINX for API management with F5's advanced WAF for API security. As you know, the Shape acquisition closed in late January. Shape is already contributing and expanding the competitions we are having with customers. It has been roughly three months since we closed the acquisition, and our teams have hit the ground running. Integration is going very well. As we did with NGINX, we immediately augmented the Shape engineering efforts with F5 cybersecurity engineers to accelerate delivery of Shape's next-generation products. Near-term, we are leveraging our BIG-IP and civil line managed services presence to demonstrate Shape's capabilities to F5 customers and reduce the friction of implementing Shape solutions. F5 sellers have already identified dozens of Shape opportunities in F5 accounts, including securing our first joint win with a large Canadian banking customer. The customer was an existing F5's BIG-IP customer and began experiencing account takeover attacks on their web application. With the customer's permission, we turned Shape on in full mitigation mode and block a major attack that amounted to 90% of their total traffic. We believe there is significant opportunity for Shape's current and next-generation solutions within F5 accounts and with new logos. Longer term, Shape's machine learning and AI-powered capabilities also will scale and extend F5's broad portfolio of application services. With Shape, we will expand our ability to optimize and protect customers' applications in an increasingly complex multi-cloud world. As we work through this COVID-19 crisis, we expect customers will shift their concern from application access to application security. Attackers prey on curiosity. The desire for information about COVID-19 or stimulus checks, combined with the increased use of personal and home devices offers ample opportunities for bad actors. Post-crisis we expect customers will increasingly look toward cloud-based and MSP-based solutions for better user experience, lower cost and better security as they look to accelerate their digital transformations. We are confident that the investments we have made to evolve F5 have positioned us well for the shift ahead. We are creating an application services platform that will help customers accelerate their digital transformations and fundamentally change the way application services are delivered and secured. For many enterprises today, application services live in operational silos with multiple vendors often managed by different teams. It is an inefficient process that makes managing user experience a complex and often manual task. When applications were static with infrequent changes and updates, this approach can survive, but that era has long passed. Today's world is dynamic with new applications based on micro services. The manual siloed approach creates too much friction and application delivery and security become real hindrances to digital transformation efforts. We have built the broadest portfolio of application services to enable our customers to eliminate silos. Through our organic efforts and the acquisition of NGINX, we have expanded the breadth of our application delivery services to address the needs of both traditional and modern applications. Likewise, through the work of our teams and the acquisition of Shape, we have consolidated powerful application security services into our portfolio, including DDOS, WAF, API security, and anti-bot protection. Our customers increasingly choose us to cover a suite of application services, because they care most about the user experience, about the application, not the infrastructure that underpins it. And we see that trend accelerating as we move increasingly to software deployed services. In closing, as Frank noted, when he discussed our Q3 outlook, COVID-19 has brought with a degree of uncertainty. While we may not be able to control the duration of the pandemic or our customers' short-term investment priorities, we are confident that we have built a resilient F5 that can withstand short-term uncertainty and emerge stronger. Over the last several years, we have transformed F5. We have built a strong base of recurring revenues. We have strengthened our position in key verticals globally, including government, financial services and technology. We have a great balance sheet and exceptionally strong operating model. We have future-proofed F5 with organic and inorganic investments to establish our position in modern environments and our leadership in application security. What is more, we are trusted and operationalized in the critical infrastructures of the largest enterprises around the world. Because of all of this, we are confident we will weather the storm. We have good near-term visibility and are confident that longer term, the investments we have made position us well. In short, we remain committed to our multi-cloud mission to enable and secure every app anywhere. We are confident our vision, our investments and our innovation are well-aligned with both near and longer term customer demand. My sincere thanks to the entire F5 team and our partners for their perseverance and can-do attitude and for driving a great quarter despite adversity. Through this crisis, the team has been tested and proven resourceful and customer obsessed. I feel very confident we will continue to rise to the challenge of whatever may come next. With that, operator, we will now open the call to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from James Fish with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
James Fish: Hey, François and Frank, first off, just congrats on an incredible quarter given the market conditions and I also hope everything is well with your families and the F5 team. I'll start it off with -- you guys look to be one of the few infrastructure companies to likely guide even a quarter out. I guess, Frank, why do you feel the need to do so? And what makes you confident it was not just a large pull-in of demand and specifically the software demand into fiscal Q2?
Frank Pelzer: George, thanks so much for your question, and thanks so much for the well wishes. We obviously wish the same for you and your family. We actually -- in looking the prepared remarks that I and François stated, we have not seen the impact yet on our demand in any meaningful way. And it was a balance of gives and takes for what happened at the end of the quarter. So, we felt that it was prudent and took the SEC guidance on what -- to please give investors your best view at the time, and this is our best view at a time. Now, I would note that the revenue range is three times what we normally do, and we think that takes into account the uncertainty, but we thought that this was the prudent thing to do for our investors.
François Locoh-Donou: And James, just to add to that, on the second part of your question on why we are confident, it's not just a pull. We looked carefully at what we were able to close this quarter, and we try to assess the impact of COVID-19 on our numbers. And when we look at what's happened, we actually did see some deal get pushed out into the following quarter. Now a number of these deals have now closed in April. But we did see some deals get pushed out as a result of COVID-19, either because people couldn't physically get the deals done or because they just shifted to other immediate priorities. And conversely, we also saw some things that were pulled in by some customers. And so when you balance those things out, we actually landed where we expected to land. And so if you look at our second quarter, we feel that COVID-19 essentially had no real impact when you balance the puts and the takes.
James Fish: Got it. That makes a ton of sense, guys. I just want to dive into the enterprise vertical as my follow-up. How should I think about the vertical exposures within that understanding? Usually, it's a large financial services exposure. But just wanting to understand across the board, especially in some troubled areas like energy, retail and travel or hospitality-related?
François Locoh-Donou: So, Jim, the as you know, the largest vertical for F5 are financial services, government, telco, and technology to a large extent. And so these verticals are -- at least at the moment, at least one step we moved from the immediate effect of the crisis relative to other verticals. And we've seen that in our enterprise business. If you look at the verticals that are most impacted, at least most directly impacted to date, by the crisis, which would be the ones you mentioned, so retail, transportation, travel and entertainment, hospitality industries. Those verticals taken altogether represent less than 10% of our enterprise business. So, our exposure there is limited.
James Fish: Got it. Thanks. And congrats again, guys and best wishes.
François Locoh-Donou: Thanks a lot, Jim. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Long with Barclays. Your line is open.
Tim Long: Thank you. Two quick ones, if I could. First, when you think about the kind of the access control security, some of the pieces of business that really accelerated in the second half of March. Could you just give us a little color on how you view the sustainability of that? Is this kind of a bubble or will there be some more follow-on to that type of business where it could represent a real market share more within that piece of the market? And then, secondly, can you talk a little bit about cloud business and how you did maybe with some of the larger hyperscales or the cloud vertical, however, you're comfortable talking about that? If you can give us a sense on how that vertical is shaping up? Thank you.
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. Thank you, Tim. Tim, let me just clarify first on the Q2 results and what drove the strength specifically -- well, both in hardware and software. The access portion, so the part of our portfolio that is directly linked to work-from-home enablement did play a role, and we saw an increase in that business. But it is a small part of our business and so it really wasn't a material part to the overall results. So, if you look at what really drove the results, it is the usual drivers of our strategy and transformation, which is specifically in software, it's the work we've done on automating -- automation and orchestration that allows us to get into a lot of these new modern application environments, both with our BIG-IP software and increasingly with NGINX. It's the work we've done on new commercial models and we're seeing the adoption of subscriptions by our customers very rapidly as the form of consumption. You saw, Tim that about 73% of our software revenue this quarter was subscriptions. So, you see a huge acceleration there. And its continued strong security attach rates on software, both on-prem and even further in the cloud. And so if you look at the combination of those factors, that's really what's driving the -- certainly, the growth in the software business. As it relates specifically to the cloud, we continue to see very strong growth in our cloud business drive by people taking our software and implementing it into the major could providers, driven by stronger security attach rate in the public cloud than on-prem, and we're starting to see also good early signs from our partnership with AWS with the work that we've been doing with them at the front end of the business. So, all of those contributed to the growth. But I do want to stress that, unlike others who would have seen a huge bump, perhaps kind of a one-time bump related to work-from-home part of the portfolio, this is a small part of our portfolio for us, so it wasn't the real driver for the quarter.
Tim Long: Okay. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sami Badri with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Sami Badri: Got it. Thank you. First, impressive quarter and performance during the challenging times. I just want to double-click into the systems revenue decline of 11% again this quarter, and you obviously saw a noticeable uptick in software revenue even without Shape? Just given the work-from-home dynamics we are seeing, do you see customers moving faster in this direction where they're going to consume more software than systems in a more permanent way, just given the economic backdrop and the health care, and I think of all the different implications we're dealing with at these times. Do you see this new move to virtualizing everything and no more systems more as, kind of, the typical deal or contract-type you're going to start seeing more often going forward? And would the pendulum to systems would ever swing back from here? That'd be great.
François Locoh-Donou: Sami, hi. Look, I think the answer is, in short, yes. We are -- we're seeing both. I should say, we have some customers who support large applications, including applications that support collaboration and work-from-home, that -- have that infrastructure in the data center, and those customers actually need more hardware to support these applications, and so I think we're going to continue to see that. That being said, I think as a result of this crisis, the drivers that have moved people to go more to software are going to continue to be there impossibly accelerate. You've heard me say before that I think our customers are more mature in being able to build out a private cloud in their implementations of their infrastructure into public cloud. And also, as the ecosystem matures, more and more building this modern application environment, all of these things are driving for a software-first approach. And in our customer's, I would say, over the last 12 months we have seen more and more of them adopt a software-first policy and in some cases, a cloud-first policy. I think we're going to see both of them accelerate. The other thing that I think will accelerate is the shift to consumption of these technologies on a subscription basis. And we're seeing that in our one-year subscription agreement and three-year subscription agreements that more and more of our customers want to move to this model, that is an OpEx-based model for them. So, all around, I think you'll see an acceleration. But if you pull way back from that, what's going to happen, I think, Sami, just beyond the software, hardware shift is, year, more and more our customers are going to rely on applications to deliver and create value. You perhaps have heard us talk about what we call the era of application capital and that is the belief that for most of our customers, the most valuable assets they can possess is actually their applications. And that's been even truer in this crisis. And so I think you're going to see the growth of applications continue to accelerate and the value that is created and transacted from applications will accelerate, which means things like application security and application delivery will become even more important. And frankly, that was part of the believe system that led to our acquisition of Shape and NGINX a year ago.
Sami Badri: Got it. Thank you. And then just on your software segment, you've already answered some questions regarding software performance and the public clouds and your AWS partnership. But in the actual quarter, do you see any contributing sales from Rakuten, just because they did launch their actual service very recently, I just want to know if there was any kind of sell-through and software specifically to Japan?
François Locoh-Donou: Sami, so you know we announced Rakuten, I think it was a three quarters ago as a customer, you're right, it did launch this quarter and we are part of the infrastructure. They are on a subscription agreement with us. So, as they launch and expand the services, there'll be opportunities for us to expand with them. But I wouldn't comment specifically on the -- on their numbers in a given quarter.
Sami Badri: Got it. And then I have one last question. On Services, last quarter you grew 8%. This quarter you are growing 5% and maybe could you just give us some guidance on how you should be thinking about this, maybe this is a question for Frank on how you should be thinking about your Services segment throughout kind of like the dynamics we're seeing today just because there has been quite a bit of variance in that growth rate?
Frank Pelzer: Yes. I understand, Sami, and obviously 8% was a very strong quarter that we noted last quarter. We said that it would be a little closer to what we saw in Q4 for Q2 and that would have implied something around $327 million. We saw a little bit of push a in some of the professional services projects, which is why we ended up where we did in terms of a growth rate for next quarter on an absolute dollar basis, I would expect something close to what we did in Q2, but it could have some fluctuations of $2 million or $3 million in either direction.
Sami Badri: Got it. Thank you very much.
Frank Pelzer: Thank you, Sami.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Rod Hall: Hi, guys, Thanks for the question. I wanted to see if you could maybe comment on linearity in the quarter just to help us understand how normal that was? And then I have a couple of follow-ups to that.
François Locoh-Donou: Rod, well, linearity was just basically what we would have expected in a normal quarter. We basically were trending normally up until the I would say the first week of March. And then, you know, as things started to get more severe in U.S. and Europe. And we frankly had a period of time in a couple of his marks where we didn't know what to expect for the rest of March. But what we saw happen is some things started to get pushed out, but we also see -- saw some things get accelerated by a few customers. So in the end, linearity ended up being what we would have thought it would be at the beginning of the quarter.
Rod Hall: Okay Frank. And I wanted to see, could you comment on -- just going back to Tim's question on work from home. What did accelerate at the end of the quarter? I would have thought it was work-from-home stuff, but it sounds like that wasn't that material or could you just put those two things together for us, so we kind of understand what happened there?
François Locoh-Donou: Well, we had a couple of things that accelerated at the end of the quarter and compensated for the things that got pushed out. One was the part of our portfolio that directly addressed work from home or remote access to applications from end users. And the second part was some customers who -- in anticipation of potential supply chain issues, accelerated orders on a couple of projects. So, those were the two factors that were accelerated and compensated for other things that got pushed out.
Rod Hall: Great. Okay. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Henderson with Needham. Your line is open.
Alex Henderson: Great. Thank you very much. So, you guys have been in the process of moving the center of gravity of your business away from data center spend to applications spend and it's pretty clear given the application growth that that had a pretty pronounced impact in the quarter. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the penetration in the Kubernetes environment as I understand it, 67% plus of -- and the ADCs deployed in Kubernetes are in fact NGINX. And to what extent that has tied together into pulling additional F5 products in both the security space particularly WAF, which is often deployed in that context and as well in terms of pulling the traditional F5 products which historically have not been as well represented in that sector. And finally, if you could, just address it, to what extent you're seeing that help pull your position into the CI/CD process or of companies that are moving in that direction. Thanks.
Frank Pelzer: Alex, thank you. Actually, I'll start with the last part of your question and come back to the beginning. So, in terms of being part of CI/CD environment, Alex, we've done a lot of work starting now two years ago on our BIG-IP software to basically enhance the form factors and create automation templates that allowed us to fit very well in those environments. And one of the factors that's driving the growth in BIG-IP software right now specifically, is our ability to fit into these more automated environments, and we have more customers that are getting mature as part of the digital transformation and trying to get more velocity that are deploying us in those kinds of environments. And to the other part of your question, which is, as it relates to our fit with Kubernetes, as you know, NGINX is widely deployed in Kubernetes environment. In a lot of use cases NGINX is deployed as an Ingress controller to these environments. BIG-IP also has capability to be deployed as an Ingress controller, so we have both capabilities today. And we are seeing -- actually this quarter, I would say, was what we saw is an acceleration of this better together capability that we've talked about between F5 and NGINX, where in some of these modern application environments, where NGINX is a great fit, we're starting to see DevOps engineers kind of look at security as an important element of what they do more and more. And we've been able to win a couple of deals where NGNIX was used, for example, as an API gateway and F5 security WAF was brought in on top to create an overall API security solution. And so we think we're going to see more and more of those types of deals with the controller that we announced in January. So, the controller really is the easy button that allows our customers to deploy multiple modules and scale instances of NGNIX fairly rapidly and with a lot of -- without a lot of complexity. And the controller also enables us to bring together the original NGNIX use cases with the add on F5 WAF for example that we've -- we're putting under that controller. So, all of it together, what we see is, you know, F5 fitting both in these modern and traditional environments and bringing those two worlds together.
Alex Henderson: So to the extent that Kubernetes goes from what 10% of applications today to something in excess of 50% that should pull your growth along with it.
Frank Pelzer: We should see accelerated growth as a result of that, yes, both because of our role in front of Kubernetes clusters, and also eventually our role inside of Kubernetes clusters, which we are -- we'll talk more about some new product initiatives we have for that.
Alex Henderson: Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thank you. What is the strength of your capital structure and flexibility from the cash flow you guys were generating, but just wonder with the disruption in the private markets, and just your comments around the evolution of the security environment, how does that change your thoughts on acquisitions, or M&A? And then maybe second question, just a little bit more nitty, but how much should we consider professional services as a portion of services revenue, and just ability to actually recognize them that revenue, or ability to professional services to be recognized what's inability that trouble right now? Thanks.
Frank Pelzer: Meta, I'll start with second question, it's Frank, and then I'll turn it François to address the M&A question. So, on the professional services, we have the capability of providing those services remotely for the large majority of our customers. There are some federal where we do need to actually be in person, and we've gotten that permission and if the employees feel comfortable, we are allowing that, but it's by far the exception as opposed to the rule. It's professional services as a whole in relation to our services a very small percentage of our total services bucket, most of our services revenue are associated with maintenance type relationships. But we have been able to provide a lot of those services remotely.
François Locoh-Donou: And Meta to your question around how we think about M&A. I want to pull back up here, and the share my perspective, over the last 12 months, we spent $1.8 billion in aggregate in the acquisition of Shape and NGINX, which as I said before, were driven by the belief that applications would become even more valuable assets to our customers in that application delivery across modern and traditional environments would continue to grow. And application security is, we believe, the security issue of the next decade. And so we feel very, very good about the strategic position that we have now when you combine the assets from F5, NGINX and Shape. And so when we look at the near future, our focus really is on value creation from NGINX and Shape. We think there's a lot of growth to come from what we've done there and operating leverage to come from what we've done. Our focus is on creating value with that, also on continuing to rebuild our cash position and maintaining a very strong operating model. And so that's where we're focused in the short-term data and not on further M&A for the time being.
Meta Marshall: Got It. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Silverstein with Cowen. Your line is open.
Paul Silverstein: Guys, good evening. I was only going to ask one question, but I want to break the trend. Serious now. First off, Frank, if I did the math right, that shape was around $15 million, assuming all of its revenue is software and organic growth would have been something on the order of 4.3%, so Shape was about 3 percentage points of the growth?
Frank Pelzer: Yes, you're about $1.2 million high. It was just over $14 million, Paul, but in that ballpark.
Paul Silverstein: And that's obviously on software?
Frank Pelzer: Yes, software.
François Locoh-Donou: But Paul, overall software growth was 96%. And if you exclude Shape, it would have been around 65%.
Paul Silverstein: Understood. All right. Secondly, I apologize going back to this, but I just want to make sure I fully understand. With respect to the accelerated purchases, François, did you say that those were not meaningful to the overall equation? And so it will not present -- I mean it should not present a meaningful issue in the next two, three, four quarters down the road in terms of stealing from the future?
François Locoh-Donou: Yes, that is correct.
Paul Silverstein: All right. Third, I believe you said AWS, and I don't know if you were speaking loosely, but when you were talking about the linear drivers for the quarter, you mentioned AWS, the relationship. I don't know if you meant specifically that, in fact, is generating revenue or you meant to say that, I think you said the early funded actions are going nicely with the revenue down the road. Which is it? And if it's generating revenue, can you give us any sense -- I trust it's too early to be meaningful, but can you give us any color on that?
François Locoh-Donou: Paul, it's the latter. It's too early to be meaningful. So, it's more revenue down the road. What we are seeing today is two great areas of progress. One is considerable progress on joint development of combined solutions. And two is we are now getting quite a lot of leads from AWS. So if you recall in the past, we would meet at the customer front. Part of the reason we did this agreement is because we know a lot of our customers would like to leverage AWS. But in a lot of cases, AWS is in conversations that F5 was not a part of. And as a result of this agreement, AWS is now pulling in -- pulling F5 into these conversations and providing a lot of leads to us that we didn't have visibility to before. But those are great leading indicators, but revenue is further down the road.
Paul Silverstein: One last question, if I might, but it's a little bit larger. If I looked at the numbers correctly, on a regional basis, in both this quarter and in the past December quarter. For the first time in a while, it looked like all three major regions were roughly in the same growth in that mid-single-digit to high single-digit growth, in prior periods we'd seen the numbers all over the place different regions, growing or declining not consistent with each other. And then on the -- from a vertical standpoint, I think telecom was down and I know it's always been a very lumpy business with that on a quarterly basis, but the thought arises that telecom services is one of the more resilient areas, given what's going on with the ongoing pandemic crisis and should continue to be resilient, perhaps even pick up in due course, any insight you can -- and I recognize this is not all of your telecom narrowly defined is not all that bucket of revenue, but any insight you can provide us there as well as well as on the question about the regions what you're saying. Thank you.
François Locoh-Donou: Paul, I think you're correct about the -- all three regions, being in the same zone of mid-single-digit growth. As it relates to telecoms, what I would point to you there, Paul, is that where you would expect the work from home situation to really create potentially upside to spend in the telco space is really in the wireline area, F5 has more exposure to the wireless side of the equation. And so our performance in telco is driven more by what we'll see in the early, so we're spending to have these early 5G wins. And as, as the spend on 5G accelerates and the capacity upgrades come from 5G, we should see the benefit of that at F5. But we have a lot less correlation to wireline telco spend.
Paul Silverstein: And François, in the regional, what you're seeing from a regional perspective? The fact that it's all converging with the same growth rates, are you seeing the same trends throughout the world? Are there any meaningful differences from region to region?
François Locoh-Donou: There are also a couple of areas of softness and -- also in China, in North Asia, in particular, so that for us is -- sort of, China and Korea, we saw some softness there. We also saw some softness in Latin America. The rest of the world had strength, I would say, across the board. So that's kind of the differences that we've seen this quarter.
Paul Silverstein: I appreciate it. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Amit Daryanani with Evercore. Your line is open.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks for taking my questions. I guess two for me. First off the 96% growth on the software side, I think is at 65% on an organic basis, obviously it's fairly impressive. I'm sure it's going to be a big sticking point for investors to understand how much of this is sustainable versus not as you go forward. So, any insights on how much of this should be sustainable as we go forward and how should one think about the June quarter with regard to the software segment?
François Locoh-Donou: So, I -- Amit, the -- first of all, I just want to be very clear, because I think it's a recurring theme here. And I don't believe any of these trends has to do with some kind of one-time pull in related to COVID-19. Because as I said before, what we saw in COVID on the impact of our business was basically net neutral. Some things got pulled in, some things got pushed out and that's where we're at. So, the fundamental drivers that that led to the growth in the -- in our software business are basically the things that I've been talking about around automation, orchestration, getting into these modern app environments, including Kubernetes environments. The continued growth of security use cases. Our acceleration into the cloud, our subscription business, the NGINX contribution, all of those things are -- these are long-term drivers. They're going to continue to be there quarter after quarter. Now, I would say, we -- if you'll look at Q3 and Q4 of this year, so the next two quarters. Last year we had 90% growth in software in each of those quarters. And so, if you -- the compare if you will year-on -ear is much tougher in Q3 than it was in Q2, or the year-on-year growth comparison. But that being said, but drivers -- I think the drivers are going to continue to be there, and if you recall, we also said that the growth in software in any given quarter because there was not yet a very large number could be lumpy. And so, in Q1 of 2020, I think we did, we did 50% growth in software. There was a worry I think at the time that our software goes were decelerating, and we said no, you'll see that we should have stronger growth in software into Q2. And we did have stronger growth in Q2 than we did in Q1. So that's just a trying to give you a full picture of how to look at our software growth quarter-on-quarter.
Amit Daryanani: Really appreciate that. And then just as a follow-up, when I think about the 65% of sales that you guys are talking about as reoccurring businesses today is it really to think about this how much of this is maintenance versus subscription versus other things? And is that 65% number, a good rule of thumb for your profits as well as that's recurring? Thank you.
Frank Pelzer: So, I think we've probably given you enough components to break most of that down, but out of the services piece that's still a healthy chunk of all of that recurring revenue, but we also talked about subscription as a percentage of software being -- over 73% in the quarter and taking those two factors into account, you get to over 65% of our total revenue being recurring. In terms of the profitability, we've got obviously very strong gross margins across the portfolio. And then what we do with the operating expenses beyond that is, is really in conjunction with the entirety of the portfolio, not just any one particular area. And so our gross margins are quite high in our services revenue, as you can see. And then in our software revenue, it's quite high as well, where we take a little bit of a lump in some of the managed services, as well as some of the hardware. But overall, still close to 85% in gross margins.
Operator: Your last question comes from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Joe Cardoso: Hi, guys. Thank you. This is Joe Cardoso on for Samik Chatterjee. Thanks for fitting me in. Just two quick questions here. One is, I just was curious to see if there was any correlation relative to the deals that you guys highlighted that were pushed in and pushed out, or brought in and push out? And then relative to your gross margin, and I understand this might be a little nitpicky, but came in towards the low end of your guide. I just was wondering if there was any incremental pressure that you guys saw there relative to 90 days ago when you guys gave the original guide. Thank you.
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. Can you just -- on the first part of your question on the -- you said the correlation on deals that are pushed in and out. What -- could you just expand on what you mean by that?
Joe Cardoso: Yes, sure. So, you guys highlighted that during the quarter, you saw some deals be brought in and some deals pushed out relative to the COVID-19 net-net, you guys didn't see an impact much on the COVID. So, I was just wondering if there was any correlation relative to the different deals that you saw get pushed out and then brought into the quarter, if there's any correlation between them, e.g., like how did you guys see hardware deals get pushed out?
François Locoh-Donou: Okay. No, the answer is no. The ones that were pulled in, I think the two factors were customers that worried about supply chain and really wanted to put their -- to shore up some critical infrastructure very quickly or some things related to remote access and enabling work from home. On the deals that were pushed out, it was either customers that physically -- because they have to work from home, they were not able to process these deals. Or customers who had other immediate priorities in the case of the pandemic and just killed or postponed a project to go attend to other areas. But there wasn't -- there wasn't a correlation in terms of hardware, software, or frankly, even by segment. It was more of a case-by-case by customer.
Frank Pelzer: And in terms of the gross margin question, we are on the low end because of Shape more than anything else.
Joe Cardoso: Okay. Thank you, guys.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the allotted time for the question-and-answer session. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-01-27 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5 Networks First Quarter Fiscal 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Also today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I'll now turn the call over to Ms. Suzanne DuLong. Madam, you may begin.
Suzanne DuLong: Hello and welcome. I'm Suzanne DuLong, F5's Vice President of Investor Relations. François Locoh-Donou, F5's Vice President and CEO, and Frank Pelzer, F5's Executive Vice President and CFO will be making prepared remarks on today's call. Other members of the F5 executive team are also on hand to answer questions during the Q&A portion of today's call. A copy of today's press release is available on our Web site at F5.com, where an archived version of the call will be available through April 26, 2020. The replay of today's discussion also will be available through midnight Pacific tomorrow, January 28 by dialing 800-585-8367 or 416-621-4642. For additional information or follow-up questions, please reach out to me directly at s.dulong@F5.com. Our discussion today will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as beliefs, anticipate, expect, and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in the press release, announcing our financial results, and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. With that, I'll turn the call over to François.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Suzanne, and good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I will talk briefly to our business drivers before handing over to Frank to review the quarter's results in detail. We have been investing to evolve our business to better meet our customer's changing application demands. Today we are delivering our world-class application services across a wider range of deployment and consumption models. As a result, customers are increasingly deploying F5 in multi-cloud environments, driving a shift in our revenue mix towards software. Customer demand for consistent application security and reliable application performance drove 5% total revenue growth in our first quarter. Strong customer demand for security use cases, including WAF and SSLO [ph], as well as ongoing ELA traction fueled our 50% software growth. We are very pleased with our continued software traction. We continue to expect 60% to 70% software growth for 2020, including contribution from Shape Security, which closed on Friday last week. Our software growth was partially offset by our systems business, which was down 11% as customers increasingly look to consume F5 Solutions as software. Our services business was very strong in the quarter, delivering 8% revenue growth. Services is benefiting from our robust software sales over the last several quarters, including the second full quarter of NGINX-related sales. Overall, we continue to execute well against our long-term strategy and are pleased by the pace of our continued transition to a software-driven business. I will speak more to our business dynamics and customer wins after Frank reviews the quarter's financial results and our Q2 outlook. Frank?
Frank Pelzer: Thank you, François, and good afternoon everyone. As François noted, we delivered another quarter of strong revenue growth. First quarter revenue of $569.3 million was up approximately 5% year-over-year and near the top-end of our guided range of $560 million to $570 million. GAAP net income for the quarter was $98.5 million or $1.62 per share. Non-GAAP net income was $155.4 million or $2.55 per share. This was well above the top-end of our guidance range due to our strong revenue performance as well as disciplined operating expense management in the quarter. Q1 product revenue of $235 million was flat year-over-year and accounted for approximately 41% of total revenue. As François mentioned, software revenue grew 50% year-over-year. Software represented approximately 28% of product revenue in Q1, up from approximately 19% in the year ago quarter. We continue to experience strong uptake on our software solution sold as annual subscriptions, including as ELAs. In fact, contribution from ELAs increased again year-over-year. Systems revenue of $170 million was down 11% year-over-year as customers continue to transition to software-based solutions. Systems accounted for approximately 72% of product revenue in the quarter. Services revenue of $335 million grew 8% year-over-year, and represented approximately 59% of total revenue. There were three primary contributors to services revenue strong performance in the quarter. The primary factor is improvements to the tools and processes our team uses to identify and secure renewals. In addition, we continue to enjoy healthy services attached in renewal rates to software sold as perpetual or as subscriptions, including NGINX-related sales, and we have also seen a step-up in consulting services demand associated with growing software sales.
,: Let's now discuss Q1 operating results. GAAP gross margin in Q1 was at 84.4%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 86%. GAAP operating expenses were $358 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $297 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were at the lower-end of our guidance range for several reasons, including disciplined expense management, and sales commissions back in line with historical levels, down from the highs of the second-half of 2019. In addition, there were some timing differences for expenses expected between Q1 and Q2. Our GAAP operating margin in Q1 was 21.5%, and our non-GAAP operating margin was 33.8%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 22.8%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 21.4%. Turning to the balance sheet, in Q1, we generated $144 million in cash flow from operations. This is down from last year for several reasons, including lower year-over-year operating margins, commission payments from strong Q4 bookings, M&A related expenses, and restructuring. Cash and investments totaled approximately $1.5 billion at quarter end. DSO of 56 days and capital expenditures for the quarter were $22 million. Deferred revenue increased 8% year-over-year to $1.2 billion. The growth rate is down from 2019 levels, because we had lapped our 606 adoption, which as we consistently called out was accounting for roughly half our deferred revenue growth over the last year. We ended the quarter with approximately 5,305 employees, down approximately 20 from Q4 as a result of ongoing efforts to better align spend with strategic imperatives. We continue to view cash as a strategic asset for our future growth. Our near-term priority will be paying down the $400 million term loan A related to the Shape acquisition funding. We will look to balance that with rebuilding our cash position for strategic purposes. We also may opt to repurchase shares during any open trading window. Now, let me share our guidance for fiscal Q2 of 2020. Unless otherwise stated, please note that my guidance comments reference non-GAAP operating metrics. In addition, with the Shape Security acquisition closed on January 24, our guidance is inclusive of Shape. We continue to make strong progress transitioning our business to a software-driven model. We remain confident in our position in the market, and expect increasing demand for our multi-cloud application services will continue to drive revenue growth. We also expect continued strong demand for our software solutions. In fact, in Q2, we anticipate software growth will reaccelerate above Q1's 50% growth, even before any contribution from Shape. As we noted when we announced the Shape acquisition, Shape has a subscription revenue software model with a significant deferred revenue balance. Purchase accounting will impact Shape-related recognized revenue on a GAAP basis, principally over the next four quarters. Therefore, for that period, we will provide non-GAAP revenue guidance, which excludes the impact of the purchase accounting write-down. We believe non-GAAP revenue will provide a better reflection of our ongoing business results. We will report revenue on both a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis during this timeframe. With this in mind, we are targeting Q2 '20 non-GAAP revenue in the range of $580 million to $590 million. In addition, we expect services Q2 '20 annual revenue growth more in line with Q4 of '19. We expect gross margins in the range of 85% to 85.5%. We estimate operating expenses of $325 million to $337 million in Q2, reflecting the addition of Shape, and the opportunity we have to invest in scale of that business. We anticipate our effective tax rate for Q2 will remain in the 21% to 22% range. Our Q2 earnings target is $2.14 to $2.17 per share. In the quarter, we expect share-based compensation expense of approximately $52 million to $53 million. With that, I will turn the call back over to François. François?
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Frank. I am going to begin today with a spotlight on NGINX before highlighting some of the broader trends and customer wins in the quarter. First, today we announced an important milestone for the combine F5 and NGINX, the availability of Controller 3.0. Controller is our orchestration and analytics solution for NGINX. It simplifies how enterprises manage, monitor, and automate large scale NGINX deployments. Prior to the acquisition of NGINX, F5 was working on a cloud-native virtual ADC offering that featured an application-centric design. We expected the solution appropriately named cloud-native would set a new benchmark for how modern developer teams can deliver new apps to markets faster. Immediately after the close of the NGINX acquisition in May 2019, we merged the F5 team working on our cloud-native project with the NGINX controller development team. Today, as we begin only our third quarter as a combined team, we are very excited to release the converged F5-NGINX solution, NGINX Controller 3.0. This controller brings together the best of NGINX Controller 1.0 and 2.0, and adds the application-centric design and enterprise features pioneered by F5. For context on why this new approach is so important, we first need to emphasize the fundamental shift in the way our customers manage and deliver applications. Originally, there was a divide between the application teams that develop the code and the operations team that release and manage the finished application. DevOps evolved to bridge this divide, and many organizations embraced DevOps practices to deploy applications faster. As a result, organizations embraced software like NGINX Open Source and NGINX Plus to empower developers with control over their own infrastructure. Although this improved developer productivity, it also created Shadow IT. Many of these developers worked outside of IT, outside of the compliance and enterprise security requirements designed to protect applications and data. That is why we believe Controller 3.0 and its application-centric approach is highly differentiated. The application-centric design introduces a new self service portal, configuration API, application reporting and analytics, and built-in security capabilities. These combined app-centric capabilities empower developers from a centralized solution that maintains control and compliance for security and operations teams. Controller 3.0 shifts the center of gravity from the instance of infrastructure supporting the app, so the application itself. With role based access spanning AppDev, DevOps, SecOps, and NetOps, it enables deployment of a consistent set of multi-cloud application services across the application lifecycle. This enables different users to manage the tasks relevant to their role. In summary, we expect the availability of Controller 3.0 will be an accelerator for our NGINX business for three reasons. First, it expands the addressable market for NGINX to include adjacent app services in security and service mesh;  second, it increases the average deal size by making large scale NGINX deployments easier to orchestrate; and third, it introduces new commercial capabilities that are attractive to NGINX's large open source base. Early feedback has been positive with customers noting that Controller 3.0 expands the number of use cases and deployments of NGINX particularly for Kubernetes Ingress and API Management. In addition to delivering the Controller 3.0 release, NGINX had its strongest quarter yet in Q1 with the team hitting all of its significant integration and value creation milestones. When we look at the future of F5, we're more confident now than ever before that NGINX will be a meaningful software growth driver. We continue to see evidence that NGINX is expanding our overall footprint and allowing us to serve new applications. This includes enabling application services consumption in native container environments. As an example, during Q1, we secured an NGINX Plus and NGINX Controller win with a new customer, a large Australian mining company, the customer was looking to modernize a legacy business process at its mine sites where a single failure could result in up to $4 million in productivity losses. By using NGINX for the API and Kubernetes in their applications, they now are able to collect and deliver over 30 different metrics. As a result, they're better able to ensure the speedy and reliable delivery of raw materials to their destinations. We're also seeing an uptick for NGINX inclusion in ELAs both in concert with F5 Solutions and on a standalone basis. During Q1, we closed our first 100% NGINX ELA with a large streaming services provider. NGINX Plus is enabling seamless capacity and service offering increases without disrupting critical revenue producing applications. The ELA construct was meaningful in this case, because the customer is able to deploy additional NGINX Plus instances as subscribers increase. In fact, when the actual number of subscribers surpassed forecasts out of the gate, the ELA provided the customer with the flexibility to immediately scale services with demand. Beyond NGINX, we continue to gain traction in software across the other growth drivers we have consistently highlighted, including ELA's service provider use cases, security use cases and deployments across multi-cloud environments. I will highlight customer examples of each of these in Q1. In fact, the first example highlights an ELA win with a large U.K. based telecommunications provider transitioning from hardware to software. In this case, the customers ADC infrastructure based on F5 hardware was nearing end-of-life. The need to refresh provided the customer with the opportunity to rethink the design and build a flexible virtualized environment aligned to its future business needs. Despite a competitor touting analytics and commercial flexibility, F5 was able to demonstrate best-in-class software based security and ADC capabilities. In addition, our analytics and reporting outperformed the competition and reduced the customers' operational costs. Looking at a security use case win in the quarter, during Q1, we secured a combined systems and software win with a German Health System company, F5 is providing Application Security Solutions including Advanced WAF to secure a platform that allows doctors, hospitals and health insurance companies consolidated access to patient records. Of note, we were the only provider able to meet the customers' security requirements of delivering a highly secure and scalable infrastructure that met stringent government standards. In an example of F5 Solutions deployed in multi-cloud environments, we secured a win with one of the U.K's most trusted financial brands, a large U.K. based mortgage provider. As part of their digital transformation program, they chose to deploy big IP virtual additions across two public clouds. This provided the growth capability to support an ever increasing number of online banking customers and enabled consistent application services and security across the cloud and data center. Before we move to Q&A, let me say how very enthusiastic we are to begin our integration work with our colleagues from Shape Security. To recap briefly, we believe the combination of F5 and Shape changes the game in application security. Shape is the leader in anti-fraud and abuse protection, solving a mission critical problem for large enterprises. Together with F5's world-class portfolio of application services, Shape and F5 will deliver the most comprehensive Application Security portfolio available. Beyond accelerating our growth momentum and more than doubling our addressable security market, Shape's machine learning and AI powered capabilities also will scale and extend F5's broad portfolio of application services. With Shape, we will expand our ability to optimize and protect customers' applications in an increasingly complex multi-cloud world. With the Shape transaction closing last week, the teams already have begun the integration process led by members of our Chief Strategy Officer, Tom Fountain's team under our value creation program. This is the same team that executed the very successful integration of NGINX and we're confident they will do the same with Shape leveraging lessons learned during the NGINX process. We're very pleased that Derek Smith, Shape's CEO will continue to lead the team as part of F5. In closing, digital transformation has changed the competitive stakes for nearly every business on the planet. Beyond delivering a compelling, reliable user experience, customers need partners and solutions that allow them to do more and move faster. At F5, we envision a future where all businesses can deploy new applications, or make changes to existing applications in minutes, not days. We're transforming F5 to make that vision a reality for our customers to enable, support, and secure every application across any environment with a consistent set of enterprise grade services; my sincere thanks to the entire F5 team for driving another great quarter, my thanks also to our partners, our customers and our shareholders for joining us on our journey. I'll remind you that our Analyst and Investor Day is scheduled for March 3rd in New York. We look forward to seeing many of you there. With that, Operator, we will now open the call to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tim Long with Barclays. Your line is open.
Tim Long: Thank you. Two questions, if I could. First, Frank, I think you talked about last time the cloud-related businesses, which are still in early phase were a meaningful portion of the total software revenues, could you just give us an update on how the cloud vertical did for you, and did you see some sequential growth there, and if not, were there ELA impacts or some other impacts? And then secondly, the services strength, it sounds like the year-over-year growth rate will tick back a little bit next quarter, but could you just talk looking out the next several quarters or year, should that line start to become under a little bit more pressure as the weight of the system revenue declines hits the longer term model? Thank you.
François Locoh-Donou: Hey, Tim, it's François. I'll take the first question and then Frank will comment on the services question. On cloud revenues, Tim, we said last [technical difficulty] theyrepresented a meaningful portion of our total software revenues, and that portion continues to grow without cloud. Our business is growing even faster than our overall software business, and that's driven by a couple of things. One is, we have made our core solutions much easier to deploy in cloud environments with integrations with essentially all the large public cloud providers. We have added some automation and orchestration capabilities to enable our customers to include our solutions in automation environment, and then in their CICD development pipelines, much easier than that in the past. And third, I think we're continuing to see just significant growth in the marketplaces of the large public cloud providers, where our solutions are also available for purchase on a utility basis. So, when you look at the consumption models that we've enabled by both the technology and the commercial models that we've enabled, they've significantly reduced or eliminated any friction associated with using F5 in public clouds. Our ELAs are a good example of that, where customers buy an agreement for three years, and then they can deploy licenses in any environment, including in public clouds and port licenses from one public cloud to the other or one public cloud to back to on-prem. So, all of that leads to a growth in our cloud software revenue, which I think we said in the last quarter or in the six months of 2019 when we had growth in our software business of 90% for Q3 and Q4, that our cloud business had grown even faster than that, and it continues to be on a very strong growth trend.
Frank Pelzer: And Tim, in relation to the services revenue, obviously, we were really pleased with having 8% year-over-year growth in Q1. That was obviously above what we had guided to the last time we talked about the service revenue components, which was all the way back at AIM [ph] of 2018, when we talked about mid-to-low growth during the Horizon One timeframe. So, this is great performance to see. What we're seeing actually is also an increase in the attach rates across all the cohorts of age contracts, and so, it's not really from our perspective, any decline in hardware that is impacting over a longer period of time, the decrease in the services revenue business, what it actually is more of the mix of things that come through as subscription, where that subscription looks more like a SaaS subscription, and a lot of that revenue gets recognized, almost all that revenue gets recognized in the product side and not the services side, and so, we continue to see strong growth in the services revenue, probably even above where we thought when we thought about this in March of 2018, but over a longer period of time, we do see those services revenues coming down in terms of growth rates, but that's really more of a mix issue than anything to do with a systems versus a software sale.
Tim Long: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Fish with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
James Fish: Hey, guys, thanks for the question here. If I can squeeze into as well, you know, enterprise still grew about 5% this quarter, yet the industry not everyone is seeing that kind of strength. I guess can you guys just go into what's going on in enterprise specifically that is showing that resiliency? Thanks.
François Locoh-Donou: Hi, James, thanks for the question. Generally on the enterprise, we continue to see spending patterns that are -- we are going to call them relatively healthy in [technical difficulty] healthy as they were in 2018, but we haven't seen a change overall from the spending patterns that we saw in 2019. So, we seem to continue on that trend. There are some changes or variations by geography, and as you know, we pointed several times that we were seeing soft test in Europe and in the U.K. and DACH in particular, and I think we continue to see that today, but overall, the spending patterns are healthy. When you look, by the way, it's your context is that of other perhaps providers in infrastructure of data centers. What we're seeing more and more, James is the spending with us is tied to applications, and the growth of applications not tied to data center infrastructure per se. So, perhaps over time, you'll see more and more of that difference, but the spending patterns I relate to is what we see with our customers application projects.
James Fish: Got it, and just a follow-up on that, I mean, it was a slight miss on what we were all expecting on products for the quarter, were there any pause in orders ahead of the combined NGINX Plus F5 Controller, and why do you expect unattached software to accelerate next quarter?
François Locoh-Donou: Jim, that's two separate questions. I will start with the first one on product revenue growth. Product revenue growth was flat, and indeed it could have been a little better than that. What we saw in Q1, I think there were really a couple of factors in Q1; one is, there was some lumpiness in some large deals that we expected. In Q1, we also did a relatively important realignment of our North America sales organization, in part to prepare to better focus on certain verticals, and to also evolve the alignment of our teams, given the evolution that's going on in our portfolio with the new SaaS solution, NGINX coming in, Shape coming in, and I think that realignment caused a bit of a short-term pause on momentum. It's also for the better, and we'll see the benefits of that for the rest of the year. So, I think those were two of the factors specifically on product revenue growth. Your second question about why we expect strong revenue growth in Q2 for software specifically, I think this issue of large deal lumpiness does apply also to large software deals, and we have a very robust pipeline of software deals going into Q2, and so, we're pretty confident that we'll see a very strong growth in Q2.
James Fish: Thanks, guys.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Jim.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sami Badri with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Sami Badri: Hi, thank you. I wanted to touch up on the percentage of enterprise wins that are tied more to security use cases versus more of the legacy business, or I guess you would say more ADC like product sales. So, just trying to understand has the security for your customers shifted even further to the forefront of their decision-making, or would you say it's very comparable to how it was over the last year or so? Just trying to understand, has there been a big shift forward in terms of points of security use cases?
François Locoh-Donou: Hi, Sami. Even though we don't -- today we don't break out our security revenues specifically. We continue to see strong growth in our security business, and I said before, we see more growth in our security business than the rest of the portfolio. And so, the answer to your question is, yes, we continue to see more and more of our deals driven by security use cases. In a lot of cases, these deals also pull other application services that you would classify more as application delivery services, but increasingly in a meaningful portion of our business, security is the use case that actually pulls the deal together. The second factor that kind of accelerates that trend, if you will, is that in multi-cloud environments, we are seeing double the security attach rate to our solutions that we are seeing on-prem, and so, given that more and more, our business is becoming multi-cloud in terms of the deployment, we are seeing an increase of our security business, and all of that by the way, we expect to see that accelerate with Shape, and the synergies that we expect to drive between the Shape portfolio and the F5 portfolio.
Sami Badri: Got it, thank you. And then, I kind of just want to touch back onto the services growth rate that you saw in the quarter, obviously 8% is a positive surprise for most people looking at your model. And you identified three factors for what's driving that, one of them was new tools. So, given that this just played out in this quarter, should we expect similar high single-digit growth, or even in the same ballpark of growth and services for the rest of the year as these three factors continue to drive the business forward and continue to drive more services renewals, or should we expect like a moderation on the growth rate?
Frank Pelzer: Jamie, I think we gave some fairly specific guidance for Q2 in particular, that probably gets you to a number that Tim was getting to, which is slightly down from where we printed Q1, but still very healthy in terms of the growth rate for Q2. As we look out over the course of the year, that services growth rate may start to modulate down particularly as we get more and more traction with some of the pure SaaS type revenue models that we discussed, but I think it's safe to say that the overall services growth rate is going to be higher than probably what we thought about at the end of our Horizon One guidance when we talked about this in March of 2018.
Sami Badri: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Samik Chatterjee with J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi, thanks for taking the question. François, if I can just start off with the more longer term question, I mean, you've been making investments both organic as well as in organic since you kind of took over and have been aligning the company to growth areas. Now, as you think about the transformation, can you kind of help us think about which innings you're in, given that Frank's commented to prioritizing debt pay down seem to indicate you're kind of done with most of the heavy lifting in terms of the transformation that you envisioned?
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Samik. Well, let me start with what's driving this transformation. So, I think we have a belief, so if you look at, us versus other players in the industry, we have a very strategic position, and that we are in line of the traffic between application and users for a very, very large number of applications. And with the acquisition of NGINX, we extended our reach very significantly, and we're not part of the flow for real hundred million applications. Our belief is simply driven by the fact that the number and complexities of applications in the future is going to increase and increase exponentially from where we are, given everybody this whole transformations, and as a result, we have an opportunity to extend that strategic position to more applications, and also intensify more applications, more application services for these applications, and that's really what we have been doing with this transformation, our priorities to do it organically, but when in the selective scenarios where we see an opportunity to accelerate that unification, for within a window of time, we have decided to do that inorganically, and you've seen two instances of that. Where we are in this translation, I would say, we are in the early innings, because we think we are actually in the very early innings of the digital transformation of our customers. So, I expect that the growth opportunity for F5 as we succeed in unifying these application services for this new multi-cloud environment is well ahead of us, and is very significant
Samik Chatterjee: Got it. And if I can quickly follow-up for Frank, Frank how should we think about the trajectory for OpEx beyond 2Q's level? I think you said $325 to $337, so, on beyond that how should we be thinking about the trajectory?
Frank Pelzer: Yes. Samik, we just go back to what I said, pre the Shape acquisition, in terms of Q2 is always our seasonal low point in the OpEx cycle, and we intend to tick up in Q3 and Q4. In terms of operating margin expansion, we still feel very comfortable with the guidance that we put out for the year of 30 to 32 for the year, and so, directionally, I think Q2 will be the low point and then we're going to back up from there in Q3 and Q4.
Samik Chatterjee: Okay, thank you. Thanks for clarifying.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Silverstein with Cowen. Your line is open. Paul Silverstein your line is open. Your next question comes from Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Rod Hall: Yes. Hi, guys. I just wanted to ask a couple things on the Shape acquisition. You guys call out these non-GAAP adjustments to revenue, and I wanted to just come back to those -- I'm not sure I fully understand that. So, maybe if you could go back into a little bit more detail on exactly what that is? And then I wanted to -- also on Shape, just ask -- and maybe you said this earlier, but what was the contribution, or what is the contribution of Shape to the guidance? It seems like -- I think you guys have said there was an IRR of $70 million growing at 50%, and kind of if I do some rough math on that, I get to $5 million as maybe revenue contribution, maybe it's less than that, maybe more, but I'm just trying to get some idea of what's in the guidance from Shape? Thanks.
Frank Pelzer: Sure, Rod. So, we are not specifically actually breaking out guidance for Shape. The reason why we did that with NGINX is because NGINX actually closed after we had given guidance, and so, when we reported NGINX, we tried to be specific on what was the relationship of our recognized revenue versus what we have guided to, and then the contribution from NGINX, but with Shape we've got it with it, and we're not breaking that out at this time. In terms of what we said and what François talked about when we actually announced the Shape acquisition and the non-GAAP revenue, with a SaaS based business model, and you see this quite frequently, in software, SaaS land where companies acquire with -- companies with a very large deferred revenue balance, given the way revenue comes into those SaaS models, where there's a significant write-down in that revenue as part of purchase accounting. And so, to try to give the users of our financial statements a better sense for what the long-term growth rate is going to be as opposed to a muted revenue, we're going to be reporting both GAAP and non-GAAP revenue to give better compatibility in years to come.
Rod Hall: And, Frank, just one other thing to clarify, you guys said that services would grow at about the same rate, so I guess like 6%, and that including Shape looks to me like it drops out about $260 million of product revenue in the guided quarter, I mean is that a correct way to look at that?
Frank Pelzer: That number isn't exactly what is familiar to me, but I think it's not so far off. I think the rate we had probably for Q4 last time was I think 6 to 6.5.
Rod Hall: Yes, 6.3.
Frank Pelzer: Yes [Multiple speakers]…
Rod Hall: So, you're thinking almost exactly that growth rate?
Frank Pelzer: Yes.
Rod Hall: Okay.
Frank Pelzer: There is no services revenue for Shape.
Rod Hall: Right, okay, yeah, thank you, Frank. That's helpful too. Thanks.
Frank Pelzer: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the Fahad Najam with Cowen. Your line is open.
Fahad Najam: Thank you for taking my question. I'm trying to also understand the software revenue transfer. In terms of your software revenue, can you help us understand how much of it is recurring and how much is ELA?
Frank Pelzer: So, we really have to split that out in the past.
Fahad Najam: In terms of -- is it reasonable to assume that majority of your software revenue is still coming from ELAs?
Frank Pelzer: No, it's not. When we take a look, I think I think we talked about a few quarters ago, the pure percentage of recurring revenue of our total revenue was 60% plus, and we continue to build, and that's exactly what we saw in Q1.
Fahad Najam: Okay. And then if I may ask one more question on regarding to Shape Security, if we assume that almost all of Shape Security is security revenue, would you be breaking out your security revenue as a standalone now that Shape is closed?
Frank Pelzer: We don't anticipate doing that at this time, Fahad, but we're talking about several different KPI metrics for AIM in March and TBD on what we decide there.
Fahad Najam: All right, thank you for my questions.
Frank Pelzer: Sure. Thanks, Fahad.
Operator: Your next question comes from Amit Daryanani with Evercore. Your line is open.
Lexi Curnin: Hi, thank you for taking the question. This is Lexi on for Amit. So, I guess what we're wondering about is when we're looking at the 60% to 70% growth in software moving forward, how much of that is organic versus M&A-driven? And then on the organic side, what are the top two or three contributors to that growth?
François Locoh-Donou: Well, let me start with, as you know, we're not breaking out Shape and NGINX versus the F5 business prior to Shape and NGINX, but let me give you some indicators. Last year, the F5 software grew about 60% year-on-year. There was a very small contribution of NGINX in the second-half of the year to that growth. We guided after the NGINX acquisition to growth in software in our Horizon One which includes 2020, that was 35% to 40%. As you can see, we're well above that. We were at 60% for the full-year last year, 90% in the second-half, and we're at 50% this quarter. So, this just gives you a sense that the growth in -- I am going to call it F5 traditional software prior to even NGINX and Shape is very significant, and that's driven by a few things. It's driven by the work that we've done on making our software easier to consume in private clouds and automated environments is driven by the work that we've done in putting our software in public clouds, and it's driven by the work we've done in enabling new consumption models, ELA, subscriptions, utilities, et cetera in all environment. And that's -- the F5 was done, but it's also as a primary driver coming from our customer's desire to move from sort of hardware first postures to software first postures and seeing that change in our customers, both in enterprise and in the service provider world as service providers start more and more virtualizing their infrastructure, but there are very strong demand drivers from our customers to move to a software consumption of F5. When you look at 2020, we do expect strong contribution from NGINX and from Shape to achieve or exceed our 60% to 70% guidance.
Frank Pelzer: Lexi, the only thing I'd add is that we did say during the prepared remarks that even without Shape, we did expect Q2 software growth to be above the 50% level that we experienced in Q1.
Lexi Curnin: Great, thank you very much.
Frank Pelzer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Henderson with Needham. Your line is open.
Alex Henderson: Great, thank you very much. I was hoping if you could talk a little bit about the NGINX acquisition relative to the selling process and the new products that you're introducing here. So as I understand it, the value of NGINX is predominantly in selling to application coders and DevOps people that generally focused on an application specific project and have had little success selling the controller because that's generally sold back to NetOps and IT administration. Conversely, your historical footprint that F5 has predominantly been selling into the NetOps and IT stuff but you didn't have really good access to the coding community, DevOps community. As you've introduced this 3.0 and are now bringing that back through the F5 distribution architecture, are you going to then integrate that into Beacon and then have the full-value of the controls from the Big IP through the NGINX Controller to centrally manage the people who are in the DevOps, the DevOps/Coder community, does that bring power back to the NetOps people in a way that they've been losing in the past? Can you talk a little bit about that dynamic?
François Locoh-Donou: Yes, thank you, Alex. The short answer to all this is yes. But let me give you a bit of context. If you look at where NGINX had gotten traction in terms of revenue is really offering their data plane above the open source capabilities in the data plane offering additional features in the data plane, and as well as support and that's really how NGINX so far in the current model had monetized their technology. The Controller hold new dimension to that, to the DevOps community because number one, it makes it a lot easier to deploy and manage large scale implementations of NGINX data planes across a number of applications. And so, if you look at the folks who really to-date have been able to use NGINX, it's folks who are very sophisticated DevOps people and have the skills and expertise to integrate these deployments and manage them on their own. And so, with the Controller, it offers essentially an easy button that allows a much larger group of people that perhaps don't have the same sophistication to now use NGINX technology and use that technology on a large scale. So that's kind of the first driver, the Controller also integrates application centric design which really is targeted at more of the enterprise users including what we call Super-NetOps users in large enterprises. And so it does, it does gives an ability for the NetOps people to still have visibility of what goes on in the infrastructure under their applications and the DevOps people to have a self service model to deploy their applications faster and make changes for applications very quickly. So we at the time of the acquisitions, we said that F5 and NGINX together we're going to bridge the divide between NetOps and DevOps and the Controller holds really the manifestation of that strategy, and it's really the first offer in the markets that truly bridges the divide, and allow these two communities to work in concert serving the needs for speed of DevOps and serving the needs for visibility and compliance from the NetOps people. This Controller will indeed integrate in a technological Beacon, which will give visibility and analytics across all F5 environments, NGINX, Big IP, and other environments. So that's the convergence. We think this is a very important launch for our NGINX business because in addition to the capabilities around DevOps and bridging the divide, it also does increase the deal size for NGINX products because it makes large scale deployments easier and it offer new and exciting capabilities for a number of open source users that may want to move up a tier and use the Controller as a commercial technology.
Alex Henderson: Great, thank you very much. That's pretty clear.
Operator: Your next question comes from Simon Leopold with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Victor Chiu: Hi, this is Victor Chiu in for Simon Leopold. Can you just give us an update on where the Telcos stand regarding the shift to software implementations of ADC and kind of the outlook there?
François Locoh-Donou: Hi, Simon. We're continuing to see an acceleration in Telcos starting to move to virtualization. We saw a couple of large deals again in that space this quarter with large service providers and this is driven by essentially readiness for 5G and also the desire for service providers to be able to move faster when they need to make changes to their infrastructure and overall be able to reduce their costs. What we're seeing for now is service providers kind of keeping their more hardware based infrastructure in place and starting kind of Greenfield software implementations for virtualization. Over the long time, I think these will converge, but for now those we see in the service providers that we work with, we see these as two separate environments for the time being. Overall the trend is accelerating.
Victor Chiu: It's helpful, thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from Jeff Kvaal with Instinet. Your line is open. Jeff Kvaal, your line is open. Your final question comes from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Meta Marshall: Look at there; I get the benefit from Jeff. Quick question on AWS partnership, just any update there that you could give? And then I assume because you revalidated the 32% to 33% operating margin target, but just on the mid to high single-digit dilution target and kind of breakeven on 24 months for Shape Security, have any of those expectations changed? That's it. Thanks.
Frank Pelzer: Meta, I just want to be clear when we talked about 30% to 32% operating margin…
Meta Marshall: Sorry, 30% to 32%, yes, yes.
Frank Pelzer: Just want to make sure that we're clear on the numbers, like go ahead, François, if you want to talk about AWS?
François Locoh-Donou: Yes, Meta. So, we've made good progress on execution of our roadmap with AWS on the strategic collaboration agreement. We have been prioritizing the sort of highest impact opportunities. Both teams are now working very well in the field, we're seeing a number of new opportunities surface that we didn't have access to before, and if you recall in Q4, I said that that's what we expected in part because part of this agreement was that number of AWS solutions architects who face customers every day were going to be trained on F5 Solutions, and we expected them to bring opportunities back to F5, but perhaps we would not have seen before, and that's exactly what we have started to see. So, it's early days in the partnership, and we said that I think we expected it to really give us a meaningful result in the second-half of 2020, but from what we're seeing so far, we're pretty bullish about what we can accomplish together with AWS.
Meta Marshall: Great, thanks.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Meta.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's call. This concludes the call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-10-23 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5 Networks Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Also today’s conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objection, please disconnect at this time. I’ll now turn the call over to Ms. Suzanne DuLong. Suzanne, you may begin.
Suzanne DuLong: I am Suzanne DuLong, F5’s Vice President of Investor Relations. François Locoh-Donou, F5’s President and CEO; and Frank Pelzer, F5’s Executive Vice President and CFO, will be making prepared remarks on today’s call. Other members of the F5 executive team are also on hand to answer questions during the Q&A portion of the call. A copy of today’s press release is available on our website at f5.com, where an archived version of the call also will be available through January 27, 2020. The replay of today’s discussion will be available through midnight Pacific Time tomorrow, October 24, by dialing 800-585-8367 or 416-621-4642. For additional information or follow-up questions, please reach out to me directly at s.dulong@F5.com. Our discussion today will contain forward-looking statements, which includes words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially [indiscernible] implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in the press release announcing our financial results and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. With that, I will turn the call over to François.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Suzanne, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I’ll talk briefly to our business drivers before handing over to Frank to review the quarter’s results in detail. Customer demand for consistent application security and reliable application performance across multi-cloud environments drove 5% total revenue growth in our fourth quarter. Strong customer demand for security use cases including web application firewall and identity of our proxy as well as continue the ELA traction fueled our second consecutive quarter of 91% software growth and drove overall product revenue growth of 3%. F5’s application services are making it possible for enterprises and service providers across the globe to deliver digital experiences with the reliability and speed their end customers expect. Our software growth was partially offset by our systems business, which was down 13% as customers increasingly look to consume F5 services and software. Our services business delivered a strong 6% revenue growth and continues to produce robust gross margin with consistently strong attach rates. I will speak more to our business dynamics later in my remarks. Overall, we are pleased by the acceleration in our transition to more of a software driven business and the team is executing very well that gives our long-term strategy. Frank?
Frank Pelzer: Thank you, François, and good afternoon, everyone. As François noted, we delivered another quarter of strong revenue growth. I’ll speak first to our fourth quarter and then to our fiscal year results. Q4 was our first full quarter with NGINX. NGINX’s contribution is fully integrated into our results. Fourth quarter revenue of $590.4 million was up approximately 5% year-over-year and above the top end of our guided range of $577 million to $587 million. GAAP net income for the quarter was $94.8 million or $1.57 per share. Non-GAAP net income was $156.7 million or $2.59 per share also above the top end of our guidance range. Q4 product revenue of $265 million was up 3% year-over-year and accounted for approximately 45% of total revenue. As François mentioned, software grew 91% year-over-year for the second consecutive quarter. Software represented approximately 31% of product revenue in Q4, up from approximately 27% in Q3 and from 17% in the year ago quarter. We continue to experience strong uptake on our software solutions sold as ELAs and annual subscriptions. The contribution from ELAs was up quarter-over-quarter and up substantially year-over-year. I will take a moment to elaborate on the impact of the implementation of 606, which was a source of some discussion with investors last quarter. Let me give you the punchline though, which is that the adoption of 606 hardly impacted our year-over-year software revenue growth in Q4. Let me explain why. Under the modified retrospective approach to ASC 606, we are required to compare our 606 Q4 2019 results to what they would have been under 605. In Q4, we estimate the implementation of 606 had a similar impact to Q3. The 606 to 605 comparison is not meaningful for a measuring our software growth, because nearly all of our 2018 revenue came from perpetual licenses or other consumption models not impacted by 606. In the year ago quarter had 606 been in effect, the net impact to the software revenue would have been de minimis slightly more than $100,000, which means our Q4 software growth rate using 606 and FY2019 compared to FY2018 would have been approximately 90%, said differently, our software revenue growth is being driven by new offerings and new consumption models and not an acceleration of an existing run rate of subscription revenue. Moving on, systems revenue of $182 million made up approximately 69% of product revenue and was down 15% year-over-year, as customers continue to accelerate their transition to software based solutions. Services revenue of $325 million grew 6% year-over-year and represented approximately 55% of total revenue. On a regional basis, in Q4, America’s revenue delivered an exceptionally strong quarter with the 11% revenue growth year-over-year and represented 59% of total revenue. EMEA was down 3% and accounted for 23% of revenue, while APAC was down 2% and accounted for 18% of revenue. Looking at our bookings by vertical, enterprise customers represented 61% of product bookings and service providers accounted for 17%. Our government business was very strong representing 22% of product bookings, including 13% from U.S. Federal. In Q4, we had three greater than 10% distributors: Ingram Micro, which accounted for 18% of total revenue and Carahsoft and Tech Data, each of which accounted for 10%. Let’s now discuss our FY Q4 2019 operating results. GAAP gross margin in Q4 was 84.6%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 86.3%. GAAP operating expenses were $385 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $317 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were higher than our expectations as a result of the higher sales commissions related to software sales. Our GAAP operating margin in Q4 was 19.4% and our non-GAAP operating margin was 32.6%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 19.7%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 20%. Turning to the balance sheet. In Q4 we generated $206 million in cash flow from operations, up slightly from last year. Cash and investments totaled approximately $1.3 billion at quarter end. DSO was 49 days and capital expenditures for the quarter were $21 million, down sequentially as we completed the final phases of building out our new Downtown Seattle facility. Deferred revenue increased 18% year-over-year to $1.2 billion less than half the increase over the prior year quarter relates to the adoption of 606. We ended the quarter with approximately 5,325 employees, up approximately 130 employees from Q3 reflecting our continued investment in growth areas including sales and research and development. In Q4 we did not repurchase any of our common stock. We continue to view cash as a strategic asset for our future growth. So our primary focus with cash generation is augmenting our strong balance sheet and building a war chest for strategic purposes, we may opt to repurchase shares during any open trading window. Let’s briefly discuss our fiscal year results. For the full year total revenue grew 4% to $2.24 billion. Product revenue of $986 million grew 3% from the prior year and accounted for 44% of total revenue. Within product revenue software grew 60%, while systems revenue declined 8%. Services revenue of $1.26 billion grew approximately 5% during the year and represented 56% of total revenue. GAAP net income for FY2019 was $427.7 million or $7.8 per share. Non-GAAP net income was $626.3 million or $10.36 per share. For FY2019 cash flow from operations totaled $748 million down $13 million from FY2018 largely as a result of the NGINX acquisition. Capital expenditures were $104 million. Now let me share our guidance for fiscal Q1 of 2020. Unless otherwise stated, please note that my guidance comments reference non-GAAP operating metrics. We continue to make strong progress transitioning our business to a software-driven model. We confident in our position in the market and expect our growth will be driven by the growth of applications and increasing demand for our multi-cloud application services. We also expect continued strong demand for our software solutions add subscription and ELA offerings. With this in mind, we are targeting Q1 2020 revenue in the range of $560 million to $570 million. We expect gross margins of approximately 86%. We estimate operating expenses of $296 million to $308 million. We anticipate our effective tax rate for Q1 will remain in the 21% to 22% range. Our Q1 earnings target is $2.41 to $2.44 per share. In the quarter, we expect share-based compensation expense of approximately $46 million and $4.6 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. Finally, as has been our practice, we want to provide you with a high level fiscal 2020 modeling assumptions. First, we are tracking to our Horizon 1 outlook for mid single digit total revenue growth and anticipate a continuation of the trend we saw in the second half of the FY2019 with customers accelerating the transition of their applications to software-based solutions. On FY2020 operating metrics, we anticipate gross margins of approximately 86% for the year. Following our typical seasonal pattern, we would expect operating margins to move down in Q2 from Q1 and then increase in the second half with full year results within the Horizon 1 range of 33% to 35%. We expect FY2020 stock-based compensation in the range of $185 million to $195 million and capital expenditures in the range of $50 million to $70 million. We expect to update our Horizon 2 outlook at our next Analyst and Investor Day, which we have scheduled for March 3, 2020 in New York. Details will follow as we get closer to the date. With that, I will turn the call back over to François. François?
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Frank. I will speak to some of the business trends we are seeing, highlight some customer wins in the quarter and speak to why we think we are well positioned to capitalize on sky rocketing application growth before moving to Q&A. But first, I want to highlight the partner news we announced today with Amazon Web Services. We have signed a strategic collaboration agreement with AWS. The agreement outlines specific areas of collaboration across our field sales, solution architecture and professional services team. F5 will now have dedicated AWS solutions architect and professional services resources trained on F5’s technical architecture and our application services across all product lines and geographic theaters. They will be designing F5 into their solutions for existing and new cloud native customers. Additionally, we have agreed to jointly collaborate on new offerings integrating F5 application services with AWS services Control Tower, CloudFront and other core offerings. We expect this will result in improved customer experience for those customers extending their existing workloads to AWS and for new cloud native applications being deployed in public cloud. We are excited with this next step in our partnership with AWS. For our joint customers, our collaboration will reduce the complexities of securing their assets with a consistent security posture and policy management in hybrid cloud deployments. Now let me turn to the fourth quarter and the tremendous progress we are making in transforming F5’s business and driving software revenue growth. Last quarter, we said that from our customer’s perspective, it is clear that F5 has moved beyond a traditional ADC player. This quarter’s results provide another data point of our progress and highlight the fact that F5 is emerging as a leader in a rapidly expanding in multi-cloud application services space. Our customers increasingly want to consume more of F5 services on software and to securely deploy application faster. We have taken a number of steps to unlock this market demand. First, we have created new consumption models, making F5 services available in subscription and ELAs. In doing so, we are reducing friction for both enterprise and service provider customers and sharing easier software provisioning and reducing operating complexity. As Frank mentioned, we continue to see strong subscription and ELA traction in Q4. In some cases, we are seeing opportunities to expand our revenue opportunity with customers with whom we have already secured an ELA. For instance, last quarter, we mentioned we had closed an ELA with a large next-generation mobile carrier in APAC, where our 5G-ready NFV solutions would address their growing 4G mobile broadband consumer services. I am pleased to announce today that the customer is Rakuten, and during Q4, we secured a second all software use case with them for Gi firewall. Second, we are enabling more automation and orchestration on our platforms to enable faster application provisioning. In a real world example of customer impact, we are providing one of the world’s leading converged video broadband and communication companies. It cloud based disaster recovery solution for their mission critical entertainment back office support service. In the case of high failure, a disaster recovery solution is activated replicating the customer’s back office support service in AWS. F5 BIG-IQ, the central management solution for BIG-IP provides the functionality to automatically start F5’s BIG-IP Virtual edition in AWS, when needed. It also provides application and performance visibility of the activated disaster recovery system. In addition, BIG-IQ is providing on-demand licenses for the BIG-IP Virtual editions, which are being consumed under an ELA to ensure cost effective consumption based licensing for the disaster recovery infrastructure. Third, with NGINX, we are enabling application services consumption in native container environment. As an example, during Q4, we secured a joint F5 NGINX win with an EMEA based financial tech customer. This customer was an existing F5 customer and also a longtime user of NGINX open-source for application services in their microservices environments. The customer development team had built functionality on top of NGINX as open-source edition to achieve the level of functionality their business demanded. As the scaled, however, this do it yourself approach became difficult to manage. The combine F5 and NGINX team works together to demonstrate that standardizing on NGINX Plus with software support would deliver better value for the customers development and operations teams. Fourth, we are expanding all our security offerings to software form factors. We continue to see strength in our software security business, as customers tap into the efficiency and scale of the public cloud while utilizing F5 to secure their applications and maximize availability. During Q4, for instance, a large credit union with well over 1 million members chose F5 to protect their apps as they expand to the public cloud. The customer wanted the efficiency of the cloud along with a consistent set of application protection policies that matched their on-premise security. They are fully integrating the F5 solution into a CI/CD pipeline, utilizing the F5 automation tool chain, BIG-IQ and advanced security features in our web application firewall. First and finally, we also are providing solutions specific to the software consumption needs of our service provider customers. In a Q4 win, with an EMEA based service provider, for instance, we sold virtual Gi LAN capacity expansions with VNF Manager in a win that included systems, software, NFV and professional services. As a result of these actions and our customers’ ability to operationalize and manage virtual infrastructures, we are also experiencing changes in our systems business. What I would ask that you keep in mind as we work our way through this model transition is that F5 is different from traditional hardware data center vendors. Our value proposition is and always has been in our software and application fluency. As a result, the value we bring to our customers is not tied to the data center, rather it moves with the application. So as we continue to take steps to untether our software from proper sale hardware, we are capturing growth in new forms of consumption of our applications services. While we believe software use case are, and we’ll remain top of mind for customers, we do see systems demand in certain high-performance use cases. With customers’ that wants to control and manage end-to-end application delivery in certain key customer segments and in some emerging geographies. As an example, during Q4, we worked with a state-owned real estate company in APAC that was looking to refresh F5 solutions that were approaching the end of support. We initially viewed these simple systems refresh opportunity. However, we learned the customer was also looking to enhance and improve the current web solution. They were also planning an upgrade to comply with the application infrastructure architecture standard, had issues with their single sign on solution and suffered from an inefficient security chain. We won the deal with a systems based solution that combined our local traffic manager with our Application Security Manager, SSL Orchestration and Access Policy Manager. Before I move on from Q4, let me also provide a brief update on NGINX. In our first full quarter, as a united F5 NGINX team, we continue to drive our value creation plan at a rapid pace. Our first combined solution, the controller that builds on the already successful NGINX controller with enhanced enterprise class features is on plan for release the end of January 2020. We expect this converge solution will be an accelerator for NGINX business, expanding both the addressable market and potential deal sizes by spending a broader set of use cases across DevOps and Super-NetOps customer personas. F5 and NGINX sales teams are coming together well with tighter go-to-market teamwork and collaboration which we expect will only accelerate in 2020. I will spend just a few minutes speaking to how we see our opportunity unfolding in fiscal year 2020 and beyond, before we move to Q&A. We are focused on expanding our leadership in multi-cloud application services. On driving continued software growth on BIG-IP Virtual Edition as well as on NGINX and our Cloud Services SaaS platform. At the same time, we are working to forge new world’s go-to-market capabilities, to expand our reach to DevOps, to strengthen enterprise competences on supporting and growing a subscription business and to scale our public cloud partnerships. And we believe the size of our opportunity is growing. On our March, 2018 Analyst and Investor Day, we said F5 growth opportunity was intrinsically linked to global application growth. IDC estimates that were more than 314 million enterprise application workloads globally in 2018, and forecast that number will grow to approximately 1.8 billion by 2023. At the same, time the number of applications is growing nearly 5x the complexity of deploying, managing and securing these applications is increasing. Enterprises are embracing new, highly distributed architectures and multi-cloud environments. Simultaneously, the risk of cyber attacks and security threats is increasing with the majority of threats targeting applications or the identity of the person accessing that application. This set of challenges is F5’s opportunity. In an increasingly fast-moving and complex environment, we are in a unique position to actually reduce the complexity of deploying applications across multi-cloud environments, to help our customers to develop, deploy, and scale their business driving applications significantly faster with substantial cost savings on the infrastructure required to support, manage and secure those applications. Perhaps most importantly, we are approaching this challenge with a customer focused mindset. Let me elaborate. Over the course of 2019, I have had the opportunity to talk to customers around the globe that managed their application capital well, a strategic asset similar to how we manage physical and human capital. They all shared two common attributes. They consistently deliver a higher volume and faster velocity of code to user. What do I mean by that? Developers are core to building applications. They write the code that is the foundation of application, the business logic, backend component and customer facing interfaces. However, building a great application is only half the journey. The other half is delivering that application, that code all the way to the mobile device, machine or browser that a NAND customer uses to access the application. The world’s most competitive companies have mastered how to push code from development into production with velocity at high volume. They do it in minute. Good companies do it in days. For most, however, it still takes weeks and F5 can change that. For example, we recently helped a large banking customer reduce the amount of time it takes to deliver code to users from 23 days down to just six minutes. With F5 solution, this customer is driving new revenue generating services and powering developers to be more productive and saving time and money on the infrastructure needed to support their application capital. Our customers can achieve results like this because we deliver the most comprehensive set of technologies and services available and we remove friction from the code to user delivery chain. So how is this different from other approaches? Most vendors are trying to particularly integrate application services by tightly coupling the infrastructure and a siloed set of application services. We believe application services need to be infrastructure agnostic spanning from code to user. Ours is the only portfolio of application services that stretches horizontally from the servers that how develop a code all the way out to the devices that our customers use. In other words, we are abstracting the application services from the infrastructure and making it possible for our customers applications to run anywhere, cloud, container, legacy with access to a consistent set of application services. We believe this horizontal approach better serve our customers and provide a sustainable differentiation in the market. During Q4, we shared this vision with more than 75 of our most important customers and 90 of our key partners at Aspire, our premier customer engagement forum hosted in Seattle. The event brought 550 attendees to our new customer engagement center, including customers from every theater and every industry. The benefit of abstracting application services from network infrastructure resonated very well with attendees, who received custom demos and tailored sessions showing how F5 can help them move faster and more cost effectively. The reaction was very positive, and we’re looking forward to sharing this perspective with all of our customers in 2020. In summary, we are entering 2020 in a position of strength. We built on our market leading ADC and security portfolio with BIG-IP, NGINX, F5 Cloud Services, Silverline and other investment, and continue to add new application services. We have added technologies that either provide or power app servers, Web servers, container networking, API solutions, DNS, distributed denial-of-service capabilities and content delivery networks. We are leveraging best-in-class application management and security services, a sticky base of thousands of enterprise customers, and real-time intelligence and action. And we will continue to enhance our ability to meet applications wherever they are, to simplify multi-cloud complexity for our customers and to expand the breadth of our application services, including expanding security services across all our platforms. In closing, my thanks to the entire F5 team for driving a great quarter and year. Your grit, determination and flexibility is behind a significant transformation of our business that we believe will bring long-term returns to our customers and shareholders. My thanks also to our partners, our customers, and our shareholders for joining us on our journey. With that, operator, we will now open the call to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from at Sami Badri with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Sami Badri: Hi, thank you. So you commented on the strength of software and the dynamics to expect in 2020. Just to give us a little bit more of an idea on how we should be modeling systems growth. Would you say that the dynamics and the growth rates that we’ve seen in the last two quarters in systems growth should all be – should also be extended through FY2020, with the software dynamics maintained?
François Locoh-Donou: Hi, Sami. Thanks for the question. So what you saw in the second half of 2020 is a acceleration in the decline of the systems business and also a very significant acceleration in our software business. I think that, that dynamic generally is going to continue in 2020, so relative to what we would have expected a year ago. We think we are ahead of plan on our transition, and that the – the software growth is going to be higher than what we thought and the systems decline is also going to be faster than what we would have thought in the past. That’s driven by a combination of things. On the one hand, customers, we’re seeing customers that have matured in their ability to consume application services and software. So a number of customers have software first policies, have policies to leverage multi-cloud. They have more operational maturity around virtualization. And we seeing that both in enterprise and the service providers segment now. So there’s a demand pull from the market. And there are also a number of things that we have done to accelerate that transition by enabling customers to consume our BIG-IP software in new consumption format, specifically subscriptions, enterprise license agreement, a lot of work with public cloud marketplaces. We’ve done things like automation and orchestration that allow them to deploy applications faster in software. We’ve put a lot of our software in security and software consumption factors. And we’ve also done a lot of work to help service providers move to software. So when you combine a lot of the things that we have done as well as the demand from the market, you’re going to see that trend continue. And for us, it’s good because we feel that our strategic thesis is intact and we are ahead of our plan on our transition.
Sami Badri: Got it. Thank you for the color on that. And then the second question I had is, if you were to categorize the movements or I guess you could say the growth and strength in software and systems across your customer types across enterprise, SPs and government. Which one of these buckets is accelerating the systems decline versus which one of these buckets is actually accelerating the software adoption growth? Right. Just so we can get an idea on which customers are driving these changes?
François Locoh-Donou: I think all three have – Sami, I think all three have both trend to a degree. But I’ll take them separately. So in the enterprise, I think that the transition towards software started in the enterprise earlier than the other two segments that you mentioned. And that trend is only accelerating for the reasons I mentioned around operational maturity, ability to operationalize, virtualization technologies and also the freedom of consumption that we have given them. In the service providers segment, I would say it’s only in the last couple of quarters that we – our customers have spoken about NFV for a number of years, but we are now seeing them really start to implement these virtualization technologies. In part, with in combination with 5G or in getting ready for 5G architectures, we’re seeing more of our service provider customers adopt software architectures. I mentioned in the script, one of the customers we won Rakuten, which is who are building essentially a Telco, a next-gen Telco infrastructure that’s 100% virtual. And so there, I think at one end of the spectrum what we’re seeing a number of carriers move in that direction. And then I would say in the government, the transition is also happening but at a slower pace relative to the other two segments.
Sami Badri: Got it. Thank you. And then my last question for you is regarding the cash pile and war chest. So could you just give us an idea on specifically what you’re looking for? You mentioned that the security offerings are not going to be following software form factors. Is that where you’re going to spend the majority of your time to consider bolstering the business or using the war chest? Or could you just give us a better idea on what exactly you’re looking for as opportunities?
François Locoh-Donou: No. Sami, I would – the way I’d characterize it for you is, we want to become the best application services platform in the industry. And I think the way to look at it is, if you look at everything that exists between an application and the user of that application, there is a set of services that are in that chain that includes things like load balancing and security and firewalls and app servers and web servers. We have significantly broadened our presence in the code to customer chain with the acquisition of NGINX. And our strategy is essentially to own that horizontal chain and provide the best application services that enhance this customer experience for users of an application. And so when we look at – and that’s kind of different than others who are perhaps pursuing more of a vertical approach where there are tied to a single siloed of infrastructure. We want to be 100% infrastructure agnostic, enable those application services for any app anywhere, regardless of how it’s built and regardless of where it’s deployed. And so in the context of that horizontal strategy we’re looking at opportunities to broaden our portfolio organically or inorganically anywhere in that chain from code to customer. So security is of course an important component of that, but it’s not the only one.
Sami Badri: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from a James Fish with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
James Fish: The guys, congrats on a great quarter here and thanks for the questions. Frank more for you. You called out large ELAs being up year-over-year. And sequentially, can you just give us a sense as to how much ELAs got booked as virtual versus appliances? Or any sense of how big the ELA businesses as a percentage now within F5 as it seems like it’s becoming more material over the last few quarters.
Frank Pelzer: Sure. And James, thank you so much for the congratulations, we also thought it was a great quarter. We don’t quantify the effects of ELA, and I did say that we were up in terms of dollars for four sequential quarters and the deal count was also up over a broader base, and we’re seeing our ASPs up as well. And so we’re really, really happy with the way ELAs are trending and that they are unlocking the spend that we see, we see very robust pipeline going forward, because we really only scratched the surface on the opportunity set within our customer base. Unfortunately, I’m not going to quantify the amount of ELAs, but I will say that it has been a positive trend for us.
James Fish: Got it. And then you guys had talked about the F5 and NGINX Controller kind of coming at year-end, it sounds like it actually got pushed a month. But also didn’t really hear it too much around sort of the WAF-as-a-service global load balancer as a service. Any sense of the timing around those and how you guys are thinking about it for 2020? Thanks.
François Locoh-Donou: Hey James, I’ll take that one. No, the controller – the combined controller with NGINX was not pushed out a month. I think we said January when we last spoke and we’re well on track to be able to deliver on that. We’re pretty excited about it, because it enhances the addressable market for NGINX in the number of personas inside of the enterprise, the large enterprises. As it relates to the other question I think related to F5 Cloud Services, which is our SaaS offering. And we have released our DNS offering a few months ago. We just released earlier this month our global server load balancing as a service offering. And we’re seeing strong interest in that. And then Web Application Firewall as a service, WAF-as-a-service is next on our roadmap and that should happen before the end of the calendar year.
James Fish: Got it, thanks. Congrats again guys.
Operator: Your next question is from Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Ashwin Kesireddy: Hi, thank you for taking my question. This is Ashwin on behalf of Rod. I was just wondering if you could comment on the sustainability of the strength in the U.S. federal vertical and how you’re thinking about that in fiscal 2020? And another question related to competitive dynamics, can you comment on any changes you are seeing in the company to landscape, any color on win rates or anything you can give us post the acquisition completion of VMware-Avi Networks acquisition will be great.
François Locoh-Donou: Just – Ashwin, can you repeat the second part of the question? The first part was around the federal government. Then on the front of the second part…
Ashwin Kesireddy: The second was really on the competitive landscape following the acquisition of VMware-Avi Networks. Can you comment on any changes in win rates or anything there will be helpful?
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. Ashwin, I’ll take the second part on the competitive landscape and then Chad will take the question on the federal government and the sustainability of our strength there. So essentially, we haven’t seen a change in the competitive landscape after the acquisition of VMware-Avi – sorry, by VMware. On the last call, I mentioned to you, we were not seeing Avi in very many deals and where we see them, we have been pretty happy and comfortable without win rates, and so essentially that hasn’t changed. I would expect it to change with the presence and distribution that VMware has around the world. And to see them more overtime, especially in customers that have gone all in on NFX, and really are tied to that infrastructure. But we don’t see that as a very large proportion of the market, so more to come on that, but so far no change.
Chad Whalen: Perfect. Good afternoon, Ashwin. This is Chad Whalen. Regarding the strength of the fed business in 2020, as we did in their release federal performance in Q4 was fantastic. Much of this is sustainable for a very simple reason. We’re a built into very large programs across the federal government base from three ledger agencies all the way through the Department of Defense. And so for 2020, we’re planning for a very robust year in the federal government space as well built upon much of what we’ve done over the last number of years within this – with this – excuse me, within this segment, drive in some of the key tenants within our security portfolio and some of the needs are unique to the federal government.
Ashwin Kesireddy: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Tim Long with Barclays. Your line is open.
Tim Long: Thank you. Thanks a lot. Could you talk a little bit – two questions for me also. First, the new AWS partnership sounds like a nice expansion. Can you talk a little bit about the timing and when you think that could materially pick up kind of the cloud businesses for you and are there any other potential public cloud partnerships or expansions we should expect to see? And then the second I wanted to follow back up on the systems business. Obviously, this transition going on just curious, is this scenario where we’re going to need some kind of refresh for some of the customers? And if not given that it’s becoming a smaller piece. From an investment standpoint, does this change the investment profile of the overall company where maybe there’s a little less R&D or less of sales push on the hardware side and maybe that that means some overall better leverage on OpEx for the entire business. Thank you.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Tim. So let me start with the – your questions around AWS and the public cloud. Just for context Tim, our software business as you see as accelerated very significantly in 2019. And if you look at the second half of the year where our software grew about 90% year-on-year, our public cloud business is actually grown faster than that all year. So it has continued to grow because of the integrations we already done with public cloud providers, the availability of our solutions in market places and also enabling our customers to for the licenses into public clouds. And so as a result of all this, our public cloud business have become a meaningful portion of our overall software business. Now the partnership with AWS, takes that to a new level, because we have been meeting AWS in the market where customers want AWS and want F5 and ask us to get together and help them move forward with their public cloud initiatives. But now we’re going to have a number of AWS solution architects and professional services people who are trained on F5 and are designing in F5 into their architectures and their solutions when they’re engaging customers. And AWS obviously has a lot more resources than we do. So we look at that as a multiplier effect of our own resources in the market to design often for customers that want to leverage public cloud infrastructure. So we’re very excited about that. And we’re also very excited about the collaboration we’ve agreed with them. On the product side, integrating things like our WAF into CloudFront to compliment their CDN with a security solution to enable them to better compete with the likes of Akamai and other integrations with a Control Tower, which is really how customers manage and deploy their applications in public cloud. So it’s just going to give us an expanding surface into the public cloud and more visibility. When that will impact our numbers? I think overall this is going to provide further acceleration to an already fast-growing public cloud business. And the specific impact of that partnership, I think is more of a second half of 2020 to 2021. But it could be significant. On the second part of your question, which is on the hardware decline and what does that mean for our investments and potentially operating leverage. We’re going to continue to manage the investment overall in hardware. We have a number of platforms that are in development that are going to come to market in the next few quarters. But overall, if you look at where we’re at in terms of where we’ve guided to on operating profit for this year, we’ve said we would do about 33% to 35%, for the year and we expect to be in that range this year. And then, at our Analyst and Investor meeting, we will give you an update on what we think is going to happen in Horizon 2, which is 2021, 2022.
Tim Long: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Paul Silverstein with Cowen. Your line is open.
Paul Silverstein: I’ve got some clarifications and then a couple of questions. First off, did you all give us the NGINX contribution? I know that the revenue was small at the time you acquired required them, but did you provide a number for NGINX?
Frank Pelzer: Paul, we did not. I mean, I told you in the call last quarter that we thought that it would be approximately $8 million. It was slightly more than that ever so slightly, but it was spun-on. And when you take a look at the inorganic and organic growth, it was almost the exact same as we had last quarter.
Paul Silverstein: And I trusted $8 million all software or primarily software?
Frank Pelzer: No, actually there’s a split between software and services. The software component was approximately $6 million and the services was just slightly over $2 million.
Paul Silverstein: I appreciate. That’s helpful. Now let me ask my question relative to that. So your hardware was down 15%, following 11% decline. You obviously made that up with software and then some – and we all know that software pricing or at least I think software pricing, maybe I shouldn’t be so cavalier about it, but that software pricing is well below hardware pricing I trust that’s a given before I ask the real question.
Frank Pelzer: No, I don’t think that’s a given Paul.
Paul Silverstein: There goes my friend. I guess I want to try to decipher looking forward is normally when one sees hardware decline of this magnitude. I would expect that to swamp your ability to transition the model at least over a transitionary phase, but you just put a gruff. And I guess from a big picture perspective, I’m trying to decipher as we look forward what’s going on and I’ve listened attentively to your call. You said a lot of things on a lot of trends like that’s – this is the first quarter in the Americas, we’ve seen 11% year-over-year, 14% sequential. You haven’t had a quarter of that type of growth in the Americas region in the U.S. You’d have to go back about three years at the same time you cited macro conditions for depressing for the decline in EMEA, which had been strong up until the beginning of this year and APAC, which has been more mixed. So again, first of all, if I could ask you to take a step back and appreciate you’ve given us a lot of detailed information in the call, but from a big picture perspective, when you look at the regional trends, you look at the hardware to software mix before I ask you about margins, what’s going on from a revenue perspective. The growth we saw in the Americas, is that the new norm?
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. Paul, I appreciate that there are lots of signals there that you’re trying to make sense off. So let’s talk about hardware, software first and then let’s talk a little bit about geography. I mean, I think Paul, the reason I say it’s not that the software price per unit is lower than the hardware price per unit is, because it really depends on the use case, the type of application, where it’s deployed, what bundle of application services are used for that application. And in some cases, yes, it’s lower, but there are a lot of cases where the software deal ends up being larger than the hardware deal would have been because the company can deploy more of it and more functions.
Paul Silverstein: I apologize for the interruption, but this exactly where I was going with this. I trust the reconciliations that unit volume, whether literally measured by units or measured by the use case that you’re making up for the degradation on a like-for-like pricing basis, the differential between hardware and software and predating your arrival at F5, F5 consistently forever with site virtual additions at 80% of the price point of the hardware. I was assuming that hadn’t changed or if anything is changed for the worst, not for the better. But assuming that’s still the case, to the point you just made, I trust these deals are getting bigger and scope and that’s why there’s a possible offset in the revenue.
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. I think you’re correct on both accounts. So it is still the case on your pricing comparison versus hardware, but in terms of the margin dollars to F5 that nets out to being about the same. If you just took pure functionality software versus software – software versus hardware, exactly the same functionality. What you said about the 70% to 80% versus 100% of hardware for the price per unit is true. But what happens when we are in – when we move to a software consumption form factor is that it’s easier for us to expand our role with a customer, because they have more freedom to deploy the technology. They can add use cases faster. They can replicate the solution in multiple environments. And so the overall consumption becomes larger. Now, if you look at the numbers I would point to, if you’re looking our fiscal year 2018, our hardware only declined 4%, but our product revenue for the full year was flat with zero percent growth. If you look at 2019, our hardware declined 8%, but total product revenue was plus 3%. So you have kind of several quarters of us showing that the software growth is more than offsetting the hardware decline. And that’s because our software story elevates our relevance with customers and gives us an opportunity to expand our role. I’ll give you some examples in the script. The Rakuten deal I mentioned in Japan is a great example where we did a very large software deal with them and we came back three months later and already expended that with more kind of multimillion dollar software opportunity because of the speed of consumption and the number of use cases we’re addressing. So that’s our hardware software, Paul. And if you tap out – touch a little bit on geography to your question. I think, we have seen EMEA, I think we continue to see micro uncertainty in Europe. And I don’t see that changing in the first half of 2020 for a number of reasons that Brexit is a part of it. And generally, I think, Continental Europe, we’re seeing just macro softness there. In North America, we had a very strong quarter in the federal government. We had a softer quarter in financial services and I would expect that we see better performance from financial services in the first half of 2020. And so generally, I expect North America to be healthy going into 2020.
Paul Silverstein: All right. Can I ask you quick question on margins? If your services have consistently been 87% plus minus 30 basis points over the past five quarters, your product margin was just subset over 85% following almost 84% last quarter from 82% to 83% in the nine previous quarters. I trust the improvements driven by the shift to software from hardware and I trust that trend should continue.
Frank Pelzer: That’s right, Paul.
Paul Silverstein: All right, I’ll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Alex Kurtz with KeyBanc Capital. Your line is open.
Alex Kurtz: Yes, thanks. Just a clarification then a question that the long term deferred, I think was strong in the quarter, just kind of what was the dynamic in short and long term. And then François, just kind of following up on Paul’s question around, kind of share of wallet or how you’re increasing use case within existing customers. So how does – what are the applications or the use cases that when you transition to software you make it more easily consumable that you’re capturing, right, within existing account? Like what’s that bell curve type of outcome that you’re seeing right now?
Frank Pelzer: Sure. So – thanks, Alex. I think the on the long term deferred, a lot of that was driven by the growth of ELAs and some unbilled receivables. And so that’s why you saw the strength in the long term deferred revenue.
François Locoh-Donou: And then, Alex, your second question is on the types of use cases that we’re seeing.
Alex Kurtz: Yes. When you’ve transitioned most of your portfolio to software, you’re talking about incremental use cases that allowing you to grow your share of wallet. So above and beyond the traditional ADC, like what are you seeing in these bigger software deals that are driving the bigger outcomes?
François Locoh-Donou: So now it’s two things. Number one, you might see a deal in hardware that is load balancing only. And then – when we were in a software, because it’s kind of natural for our customers to consolidate multiple software modules. We will do load balancing DNS WaaS and other capabilities. So you’re adding more capabilities to the deal. But the other factor also is that when we’re in software, a customer has an ability to deploy that, not just in their data center, but they’ll deploy in a public cloud, they’ll deploy it multiple public clouds, sometimes in private cloud. So you’ll see more kind of replication of a virtual instance to F5. And then the third factor that expands our opportunity in software is that the public cloud model for security is a shared security model, where the public cloud provider secures the neighborhood and the customer, the enterprise has to secure their home. And by definition, that’s a forcing function for our customers to add more security to the software in the public cloud. And so as a result of that, our security attach rates in software use cases that are deployed in the cloud is much higher, if I could stumble the picture of the attach rates in on-prem. So those are the three factors that are driving expansion of the opportunity in software.
Alex Kurtz: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we do have time for one last question. The last question is from Simon Leopold with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Victor Chiu: Hi guys, this is Victor Chiu in for Simon Leopold. Can you tell us by your estimation, what portion of the ADC market has gone to the public cloud and what your view is on the trajectory in the rate of continued adoption? And I guess off of that – of your existing customers that have migrated at least some portion of their workloads, what portion continues to utilize F5 solutions there?
François Locoh-Donou: What was the second part of the question, Victor?
Victor Chiu: Of your existing customers that have migrated at least some portion of the workloads, what portion of them – do you expect continued or are continuing to utilize F5 solutions?
François Locoh-Donou: All right, I’ll take the second part of your question, first. And then we’ll come to the first part. Generally, Victor, customers who are on F5, on-prem who migrate to the public cloud majority of them are migrating with F5. And that’s because it’s a lot easier to do that than to go ahead and if you don’t want to have to refactor an application, it’s a lot easier to migrate with F5 than not. And that’s one of the benefits for AWS also have the partnership with often allowed this migration to happen a lot faster, but the medivators – the vast majority of our customers who are on F5, to be on F5 in the public cloud.
Kara Sprague: Yes. And Victor, this is Kara. With regard to your first question, the question was about roughly what share of the ADC market, do we see having moved to the public cloud I think that’s what you asked. What we actually see as these applications start getting lit up in public cloud is an expansion in terms of the use cases for ADC like technology. So what – it has typically been bucketed into the ADC market has been things that include load balancing, there’s been parts of application security and other things. Those capabilities are getting lit up in public clouds, either through the public cloud native providers or through third party providers like F5. And in many cases, those applications that are there are oftentimes net new cloud native applications that are taking advantage of those services. And so that has been an expansion of the TAM for that market.
Victor Chiu: Right. And are there any headwinds competing with now in the public cloud alternative solutions guys like Amazon?
Kara Sprague: Well, you thought from the strategic agreement as we see, there’s a lot more synergy between our two companies and a lot more of partnership opportunity than actual competition. And in fact, one of the big benefits that F5 brings to this – as F5 has been the go to ADC solution provider for our enterprise customers for their most important applications. Many of those most important applications are still sitting on-prem. And there looking at numerous public clouds vendors, for selection for their new workloads or for modernizing their old applications. In the case of the new workloads, they’re finding use cases that apply for the public cloud native capabilities as well as use cases that apply for vendors like F5, especially, where they value that multi-cloud story. And for the modernization of their old applications, what we’re finding is that our customers really want to move those applications and modernize them with F5, because it gives them an easier path into the public cloud.
Victor Chiu: Great. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, a replay of today’s call will be made available approximately two hours and will be accessible until November 6 at Midnight Eastern. To access the replay, you can dial 800-585-8367 in reference conference ID 8378996. Once again, please dial 800-585-8367 and reference conference ID 8378996. Thank you. This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-07-24 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5 Networks Third Quarter Fiscal 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Also, today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I would now turn the call over to Ms. Suzanne DuLong. Ma'am you may begin.
Suzanne DuLong: Hello and welcome. I'm Suzanne DuLong, F5's Vice President of Investor Relations. Francois Locoh-Donou, F5's President and CEO; and Frank Pelzer, F5's Executive Vice President and CFO, will be making prepared remarks on today's call. Other members of the F5 executive team are also on hand to answer questions during the Q&A portion of the call. A copy of today's press release is available on our website at f5.com where an archived version of today's call also will be available through October 24, 2019. A replay of today's discussion will be available through midnight Pacific Time tomorrow, July 25th by dialing 800-585-8367 or 416-621-4642. For additional information or follow-up questions, please reach out to me directly at s.dulong@f5.com. Our discussion today will contain forward-looking statements, which includes words such as believe, anticipate, expect, and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in the press release announcing our financial results and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented on this call. With that, I'll turn the call over to Francois.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Suzanne, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I'll talk briefly to our business drivers before handing over to Frank to review the quarter's results in detail. We continue to aggressively execute our strategy of transitioning F5 to a software-driven model. From our efforts to reprioritize our development resources to the introduction of new, flexible consumption models, and most recently, the acquisition and integration of NGINX, customers are seeing a new F5.  We believe the steps we have taken including very deliberate go-to-market changes are accelerating our transition to a software-driven business while driving overall product revenue growth. As a result, it is no longer accurate to view F5 through the narrow lens of a traditional ADC player. In Q3, we delivered 4% total revenue growth and 3% product revenue growth with 79% organic software growth. If we include the partial quarter of NGINX, our software growth was 91%. Our exceptional software growth in the quarter is being driven by security use cases, including web application firewall, and bot-defense and mitigation. The quarter also included a few multimillion dollar ELA deals. Software growth was partially offset by our systems business, which was down 11%. Our services business delivered 4% revenue growth in the quarter and continues to produce robust gross margins with consistently strong attach rates. I will speak more to our business dynamics and the NGINX integration later in my remarks. Overall, the team is executing very well against our long-term strategy. We believe with the combination of NGINX, we are exceedingly well-positioned to capitalize on continued application growth in a rapidly evolving application services landscape. Frank?
Frank Pelzer: Thank you, Francois, and good afternoon, everyone. As Francois noted, we delivered another quarter of strong revenue and EPS growth. As you know, we closed the acquisition of NGINX on May 8th, and our Q3 results include NGINX from that point through quarter-end. As a reminder, our guidance for Q3 revenue and earnings was set prior to the close of the NGINX acquisition, and accordingly did not include any impact related to NGINX' results. For this quarter only, during my remarks I will break out NGINX's contribution to several Q3 performance metrics. Going forward, NGINX's contribution will be fully integrated into our results and guidance. Third quarter revenue of $563 million was up approximately 4% year-over-year. NGINX contributed $5.1 million in the period. Excluding NGINX's contribution, we delivered revenue of $558 million, near the top end of our guided range of $550 million to $560 million. GAAP EPS was $1.43 per share, and non-GAAP EPS was $2.52 per share. Excluding the impact of NGINX, non-GAAP EPS would have been $2.57 per share, at the top end of our guidance range. Q3 product revenue of $249 million was up 4% year-over-year and accounted for approximately 44% of total revenue. NGINX contributed $4 million to product revenue in the quarter, all of which was subscription software revenue. As Francois mentioned, software grew 91% year-over-year and represented approximately 27% of product revenue, up from Q2 when it was approximately 19% of product revenue. Excluding NGINX, software revenue grew 79% year-over-year and represented 26% of product revenue. In the quarter, we had very strong uptake on our software solutions sold as ELAs and annual subscriptions. Under the modified retrospective approach to ASC 606, we are required to compare our results under 606 to what they would have been under 605 during the first year of adoption. In the quarter, the implementation of 606 resulted in $29 million more in recognized revenue, compared to what it would have been under 605, excluding any impact of NGINX. I would like to remind everyone of one point about our business. In the year-ago quarter, almost all our revenue was being driven by perpetual licenses or other consumption models that are not impacted by the adoption of 606. Had ASC 606 been applied to our Q3 2018 quarter, you would have seen a de minimis difference in revenue. Therefore, the adoption of 606 had little impact on our revenue growth in the quarter. Systems revenue of $181 million made up approximately 73% of product revenue and was down 11% year-over-year. Services revenue of $314 million grew 4% year-over-year and represented approximately 56% of total revenue. NGINX contributed $1.1 million in services revenue in the quarter. On a regional basis, in Q3, Americas revenue declined 1% year-over-year and represented 53% of total revenue. EMEA was up 2% year-over-year and accounted for 24% of overall revenue. APAC was very strong in the quarter with revenue growth of 22% year-over-year, representing 23% of total revenue. Looking at our bookings by vertical. Enterprise customers represented 60% of product bookings and service providers accounted for 20%. Our government business was very strong, representing 19% of product bookings including 8% from U.S. Federal. In Q3, we had three greater than 10% distributors. Ingram Micro, which accounted for 18% of total revenue; Tech Data, which accounted for 11%; and Westcon, which accounted for 10%. Let’s now turn to operating results. GAAP gross margin in Q3 was 83.9%; non-GAAP gross margin was 85.4%, in line with our expectations. GAAP operating expenses were $370 million; non-GAAP operating expenses were $295 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses excluding NGINX were on the higher end of our expectations as a result of higher sales commissions related to software sales. Our GAAP operating margin in Q3 was 18.2% and our non-GAAP operating margin was 33.1%. Excluding NGINX, non-GAAP operating margin was 34.2%, which was in line with our expectations. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 20.1%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 20.7%. Turning to the balance sheet. In Q3, we generated $150 million in cash flow from operations, down from recent levels, mainly due to the strength in subscription sales including ELAs where revenue proceeds the collection of cash. Cash and investments totaled $1.15 billion at quarter-end. DSOs at the end of the quarter were 51 days. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $33 million, up sequentially as we approached the final phases of building out our new facility in Downtown Seattle and our new facility in Hyderabad. Deferred revenue increased 14% year-over-year to $1.17 billion, a little less than half of the increase over the prior year quarter relates to the adoption of 606. We ended the quarter with approximately 5,195 employees, up 400 people from Q2, reflecting the addition of NGINX and our continued hiring in growth areas including sales, and research and development. In Q3, we did not repurchase any of our common stock, opting instead to rebuild our cash balance, following the NGINX acquisition. We continue to view cash as a strategic asset for our future growth. Though our primary focus with cash generation is augmenting our strong balance sheet, we may opt to repurchase shares during any open trading window. Now, let me share our guidance for fiscal Q4 of 2019. Unless otherwise stated, please note that my guidance comments reference non-GAAP operating metrics and include our NGINX business. We continue to make strong progress transitioning our business to a software-driven model. We remain confident in our position in the market and expect our growth will be driven by the growth of applications and increasing demand for our multi-cloud application services. We also expect continued strong demand for our software solutions, including subscription and ELA offerings. With this in mind, we are targeting Q4 ‘19 revenue in the range of $577 million to $587 million. We note, for Q4, we expect NGINX to contribute less than $8 million in revenue, which includes the impact of purchase accounting write-down of deferred revenue. We do not expect to provide NGINX-specific guidance after this quarter. We expect gross margins of approximately 85.5% to 86%. We estimate operating expenses of $301 million to $313 million. We anticipate our effective tax rate for Q4 will remain in the 21% to 22% range, as previously provided for the full fiscal year. Our Q4 earnings target is $2.53 to $2.56 per share. In the quarter, we expect share-based compensation expense of approximately $43 million, and $4.6 million in amortization of purchase intangible assets. We expect Q4 CapEx of $25 million to $35 million as we complete the buildout of our new corporate headquarters. With that, I will turn the call back over to Francois. Francois?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Frank. I'll spend just a few minutes on the trends we're seeing in the business as well as the NGINX integration before moving to Q&A. F5 today is very different than the F5 of even 24 months ago. A year ago in March, we laid out our strategy for transitioning F5 to a software-driven model. Since then, the team has been executing on that strategy and making deliberate changes that have substantially reshaped F5 and our growth opportunities. What do I mean by that? In the last 24 months, we have, number one, executed a wholesale reprioritization of our resources, aligning the business with our growth priorities; number two, introduced new consumption models like subscriptions and ELAs that make it easier for customers to purchase and deploy F5 application services and software; number three, we have doubled down on security, including investments in WAF and bot mitigation; and number four, we have also brought new solutions to market, solutions like Cloud Edition and central management, orchestration and APIs, all of which have opened a new opportunities for us. As a result, it is no longer accurate to view F5 through the narrow lens of a traditional ADC player. Our efforts to expand our reach and broaden our role have accelerated our software transition, and it is becoming evident in our performance. And this is true even before we factor in future software growth catalyst, including NGINX and F5 Cloud Services. Today, F5 is a leader in an emerging and rapidly expanding multi-cloud application services space, a space that has arguably been underserved, which is why we are generating the kind of software growth we are. The multi-cloud application services opportunity differs from the traditional ADC opportunity in three fundamental ways. First, multi-cloud application services offer customers a much broader range of application services beyond load balancing and traffic management to include security, analytics, API management, application performance management and service mesh. Second, multi-cloud application services reach beyond the data center to public cloud and to containers. They are more versatile and agile. And as a result, they can support a much larger universe of applications. And third, multi-cloud application services are easier for customers to deploy, consume and manage. It is clear that customers view F5 as a multi-cloud application services player. For instance, we continue to see security use cases driving software growth and accounting for a higher share of our overall product business. In particular, we continue to drive strong traction with our web application firewall, anti-bot and machine-generated traffic monitoring and blocking capabilities. During Q3 for instance, we secured our largest global web application firewall deployment yet with an international financial institution. This customer had been using multiple WAF platforms to protect its applications and selected F5 as their enterprise-wide WAF solution after thorough evaluation of a number of competitors. Customers are also increasingly choosing F5 for our advanced capabilities in automation, orchestration and central management. We have been simplifying an increasingly complex combination of environment and sprawling deployments. During Q3, we secured a win with a government customer that selected BIG-IQ to manage a large and growing number of BIG-IP deployments. The customer also expects to deploy our Application Security Manager to manage web application firewall policies. We also continue to see customers who are migrating to cloud environment, demanding the same level of application security and agility as they have in their data centers. This was the case with a U.S. enterprise customer that selected our Cloud Edition during the quarter. The customer expects the transition individual applications to cloud environments over time which made a Cloud Editions per app consumption and deployment model and ideal solution. Finally, our new subscription consumption models continue to facilitate software growth across our customer base with both enterprise and service provider customers leveraging friction-free F5 services procurement and deployment. As an example, one of the ELAs closed in the quarter was with a large next generation mobile carrier in APAC. F5 5G-ready NFV solutions will address the needs of this customer’s growing 4G mobile broadband consumer services. We will enable connectivity and security for Voice-over-LTE IMS services and enterprise IoT services. Our solution reduces both capital and operating expenses, while increasing service agility with faster build, test and deployment cycles. We also simplified the network with software-based network functions and the ability to dynamically manage and orchestrate services. This enables the customer to tailor innovative services to subscriber preference and usage. A word on our systems business and how it fits into our multi-cloud application services opportunity. We believe our systems business is seeing the effects of two factors. The first relates to the actions that we have taken to make it easier for our customers to consume F5 as software, reducing friction with new consumption models and sharing easier provisioning of software, simpler licensing management and models and generally reducing operating complexity. The second is that our customers are better able to operationalize and manage a virtualized infrastructure environment. And as a result a number of them are implementing software first policies. As a result of these two factors, we are seeing an accelerated shift in our product mix towards software. Before we move to Q&A, let me talk to our combination with NGINX. With the NGINX acquisition completed on May 8, the teams have come together well, and we are executing our integration and value creation plan at a rapid pace. I will highlight progress on two key work streams in particular for this audience, one, go-to-market; and two, product integration. First, on go-to-market. NGINX’s sales team has worked hard to maintain the momentum of NGINX current offerings, and since close has been operating as an overlay to the F5 sales team, all of whom have been trained on NGINX. Our ability to bridge the gap between NetOps and DevOps is resonating with customers, and we are already seeing the power of our combined sales efforts. We estimate that the joint F5 NGINX and F5 initiated sales efforts have increased NGINX’s net new Q4 pipeline by roughly 20%. As an example, during Q3, we secured a joint F5 and NGINX win with an APAC-based international telecommunications provider. The customer needed a security solution for its private cloud distributed over 10 major city points of presence. They selected F5’s software-based WAF to protect traffic ingress points. They selected NGINX for micro service security including protection for API gateways, cloud governance and reverse proxies. The combined F5-NGINX solution resolved scaling issues in central controls and provided a consistent approach to security postures across the business while underpinning faster application delivery. Briefly on F5-NGINX products integration. As planned, the F5 cloud-native product development team has been combined with the NGINX team, reporting to Gus Robertson. The teams have come together well and have made very strong progress on engineering and product integration. As the first priority, the teams are moving quickly to converge NGINX’s controller and F5’s cloud-native application services platform. In fact, we expect the first release of a converged F5 NGINX offering within the next six months. We expect the converged F5 NGINX controller will be an accelerator for our NGINX business, expanding, both the addressable market and potential deal size by spanning a broader set of used cases across DevOps and Super-NetOps customer personas. Overall, we are more enthusiastic than ever about the opportunities we are pursuing as a combined F5 NGINX team. In near-term, we are addressing a critical challenge for customers by bridging the NetOps, DevOps divide. The combined F5 NGINX provides the management ease of use features that traditional infrastructure buyers, including network buyers expect enabling F5 to cover the full spectrum of application and modernization needs. Going forward, we believe applications will be increasingly disaggregated into smaller components, containerized and distributed across multi-cloud environment. NGINX is true software, ideal for this container-based DevOps environment, which means unparalleled agility and lower cost for our customers. We are confident that F5 and NGINX with our combined solutions and application expertise bring significant advantages to these cloud-native and containerized environments. In summary, we are very pleased with the progress we are making overall, and we are confident we can continue to drive software momentum. One of the things we find most encouraging is that the software growth we have delivered thus far is largely from solutions that have been in the market for over a year, including our BIG-IP Virtual and Cloud Edition. As we look ahead, we see even more growth coming from new offerings, including our recently introduced SaaS platform, F5 Cloud Services and our combined F5 NGINX offerings.  In closing today, my thanks to our partners, our customers and our shareholders, my thanks too to the entire F5 team, and especially to those working to ensure the combined F5 NGINX is as successful as we believe it can be. With that, operator, we will now open the call to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Alex Kurtz from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Alex Kurtz: Yes. Thanks guys for taking the question. Just on the impact from software which is really great to see, Francois, in the quarter. Any dynamics around how customers are consuming it and -- these comments are excluding NGINX for a second, but just, would it means for deals size? What does it mean for how the revenue is being recognized in the quarter and how we should think about that relative to systems business?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Hey, Alex, I'll take the first part and perhaps Frank can comment on the revenue recognition portion. So, the way that our customers are consuming our software is both via perpetual licenses and also via ELAs, which are typically three-year subscription agreements, and also one year subscriptions. The part of the business in software that has the fastest growth is in fact the subscription portion of the business because it gives our customers a lot more flexibility in terms of their own cost models and also the ability to consume the features as they go. So, we're seeing a lot of traction with these consumption models. And we're seeing a range of deals -- to your point around deal size, ranges from small kind of one year subscription that are typically multiple tens of Ks all the way to multimillion dollar, three-year enterprise license agreements.
Frank Pelzer: And Alex, with the adoption of 606 this year, the revenue recognition associated with a lot of subscription deals look exactly like what we would have had as perpetual deal in previous years. And so, instead of radically recognizing, you split out the value components and recognize that proportion of the revenue, which is frankly modeled after our perpetual. So, on a year-over-year comparison, it's very, very close to the same.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Paul Silverstein from Cowen. Your line is open. 
Paul Silverstein: I appreciate it. A couple if I may. First off, my math must be wrong, but on the software revenue, I'm coming out to $67 million in the current fiscal Q3, $65 million, if we exclude NGINX, this is what you said versus $45 million a year ago, that will work out to 42% year-over-year growth, not this 79% organic and 91% in total. Can you just help me out with the numbers? Because I mishear you all, it was 19% of product revenue a year ago and 27% in the current quarter, 26% ex-NGINX?
Frank Pelzer: So, I think, your number, Paul, for this year is correct, so the number for last year is not. It's much lower. I think it's something close to $34 million or $35 million.
Paul Silverstein: Did you all not do $239 million of product revenue last quarter in the year ago quarter?
Frank Pelzer: Yes, about 239.
Paul Silverstein: 19% of $239 million is $45 million.
Frank Pelzer: 19% that I referenced was last quarter, not a year ago quarter.
Paul Silverstein: My apologies. What was it in a year ago quarter?
Frank Pelzer: I think, it was -- I'm doing this off memory, but I think it was about 14%.
Paul Silverstein: 14? All right. I'll come back to you after the call on that. Secondly, related to software NGINX in particular. I think, there's a view out there among most investors that NGINX displaces existing F5 platforms. And you all bought Silverline back when previous acquisition; you were working hard on it, if I recall the past two plus years. Can you just clarify whether NGINX totally displaced what you've done with respect to cloud platforms, whether it augments? And then, I've got a quick question on VMware, Avi.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Paul, thanks for the question. On NGINX, no, it does not displace either our perpetual software, sort of virtual edition offerings or Silverline. So, Silverline is essentially a managed security services platform for customers that want to consume WAF and DDoS and other security services with associated 24x7 support and leveraging our infrastructure to scrub the traffic and provide managed services to them. NGINX is a great platform for DevOps' environment, essentially injecting application services in the code of application logic. And it plays to a very different market than the market we have played in to-date, either with Silverline or with our Virtual Editions.
Paul Silverstein: Frank, before I ask the Avi question, what percent of your total revenue is now recurring?
Frank Pelzer: I would say, it’s north of 70%, including the services fees.
Paul Silverstein: Do you know what it was a year ago?
Frank Pelzer: I’d have to get back to you on that one, Paul. I don't have that off the top of my head.
Paul Silverstein: If you could, that’d be appreciated. Now, for the Avi question. So, Avi was talking really good game before got acquired and it just got acquired by VMware. Obviously that wins resources, incumbency, customer base all things are needless to say. I know, it hasn't been a long time, but what are you seeing in terms of their success or lack thereof currently, versus whatever degree of success they were having previously in competition against you?
Francois Locoh-Donou: I know this one has gathered quite a bit of interest after the VMware acquisition. So, I am going to take the time to answer your question thoroughly and put a few facts on the table. So, Avi is essentially a software load balancer with the value proposition around nice analytics and nice GOE. [Ph] And where that value prop plays is in use cases where a customer would value the GOE [ph] and analytics over having a truly lightweight, truly scalable solution. And I’ll tell you that this is actually a very small fraction of the market. And let me be specific about that. Historically, we have seen them in less than 2% of our deals. Even when we’ve seen them, we win the large majority of these deals. Even in the light -- the accounts that they have claimed to be lighthouse accounts for them, we’ve looked at them, and F5 sales for the most part has 95% or more of the wallet share we ADC in these accounts. And then, going back to some of these lighthouse accounts, we’ve seen a number of customers that are coming back to F5 from Avi because of lack of scale, lack of features or difficulty in getting the stock operationlized. So, that’s where historically things have been. And I just wanted to make sure the facts were clear on that. Now, VMware is a great company. We have a lot of respect for them, we do partner with them. And of course they’re going to provide larger distribution for Avi. But where I think this is going to play out is the VMware Avi proposition I think will appeal to customers who’ve gone all in on NSX and value, deep integration between NSX and a software load balancer, more than they value a true multi-cloud architecture and a broad range of application services. But again, I think that’s going to be a fairly limited portion of the market. So, let me get to how we’re going to compete with -- in the space. The first piece around this, GOE [ph] and analytics, frankly we’re neutralizing that with our controller, which as you heard in my prepared remarks is going to be released within the next six -- and this is the combined NGINX and F5 controller, which is a combination of the NGINX controller that’s in the market and the work that F5 has done on our cloud application services platform, there’s a lot of excitement about this combined platform. But beyond just that, when we looked at the market and ended up buying NGINX, we’ve always said this was an offensive play on the architectures of the future. And so, what we did is we looked at all the players in the virtual ADC space and we moved very quickly on what we believed was the most attractive asset in that space. And we chose NGINX because number one, they have the smallest footprint, which enables them to be inserted in micro services environment, they’re a natural fit for these cloud-native micro services environments. Number two, they have proven scalability. They are the platform that everybody built on and the largest public clouds around the world are built on NGINX. And number three, they are a true platform that enables a broad range of application service including things like API gateway, app security, app server. They’re not a virtual appliance with the sort of constraints and limitations. And so for all these reasons, NGINX is a natural choice for DevOps and application development teams. And that’s why we chose NGINX and we’re very excited with what the combination of F5 and NGINX will do in the market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sami Badri from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Sami Badri: Thank you. So, I just had a quick question first on some of your cash, right, and where your cash balance is going to be by about mid-year 2020, or like at least the next fiscal year, basically two to three quarters from where we are today? I just wanted to understand maybe what the corporate plan was, what you're going to do with this cash balance? Are you going to consider more M&A? Are you going to potentially reinstate your cash buyback? Would you consider some other factors? Just to give us a bit of an idea on what you're going to do with this quickly escalating cash balance?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Hi, Sami. Look, I think, you can look at it this way. We are -- for now, we're placing significant emphasis and focus on augmenting our balance sheet and rebuilding our cash balance. But, we're going to continue to look at opportunities in the marketplace, whether it's potential M&A, or if the opportunity presents itself potentially more buyback. All these options are on the table. But in the very short-term, there is more emphasis on rebuilding our cash balance.
Sami Badri: Got it. Thank you. And then, my next question had a lot to do with, given the formation of some of the new offerings, F5 and NGINX are coming together and go to market with, would it would it be safe to assume that systems revenues specifically, or at least, the growth rate, or I guess you said, the declines could accelerate in probably six months out from today, given that the fair majority of the new offerings coming to market are more software-based versus hardware. And this is also probably a bit more correlated with the IT backdrop that you kind of see, see some metrics start to decelerate in a broader macro IT world, could you potentially see further deceleration of growth in the system side and then naturally see some acceleration further in the software side?
Francois Locoh-Donou: I don't necessarily think that the factors you mentioned, Sami, would lead to further deceleration on the hardware side, because there are also other sort of compensating factors when you look in 2020. I think, we should probably see a bit more from service provider around sort of capacity upgrades that are more naturally hardware driven. We also have some evolution of our own platforms, hardware platforms that would contribute to that. So, I think, there are factors on both sides of that equation. We've taken all of that into account when we have given our guidance for Horizon 1 around mid-single-digit growth. And I think we're still comfortable with that guidance. Now, in that guidance, Sami, what our thought was that hardware would decline sort of low-single-digit to flat and software would go in the 35% to 40% range. Given what we've seen over the last six months, I think, it's fair to say that software is going to grow a little faster and hardware is going to decline, also a little faster than what we thought. But at this point, it's hard to give you a hard answer on the exact numbers for each. But overall, we're still seeing the balance of revenue growth is going to be what we thought.
Sami Badri: Got it. Thank you. And then, my last question has to do with the APAC deal regarding the carrier. And just to give us an idea, could you give us an idea on mix on software versus hardware in terms of what this carrier bought from you guys, just so we have like maybe some kind of illustration on what future carrier deals could look like?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Sami, it's a good example of a carrier that is moving to NFV in anticipation of the 5G rollout. And in this case, they bought software, essentially. It was a 100% software ELA with a number of virtual functions included in the deal.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rod Hall from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Rod Hall: I guess, I wanted to go back to this question of systems and systems decline and ask you what you think your market share position looks like for the quarter? Like, do you think you've maintained share? Do you think you lost share? And then, what would you expect to happen in the future, like the next few quarters? Do you think that within the systems business for ADC you’ll be able to maintain share and just kind of track more performance or would you expect to kind of outperform the market itself?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Well, Rod, I think, if you look at -- first of all, I think, looking at just the ADC markets, the fairly narrow lens to look at when it comes to F5, now, as I said in my prepared remarks, I think, we're really becoming more of a multi9cloud application services player. And I think that's a broader opportunity. Now, that being said, if you’re going to look with the lens of the ADC market, overall, hardware and software, I definitely think we're gaining share. Specifically in the hardware space, how we gained share this quarter, I can't tell, I can't answer that. And we won't know until market share reports come out in a couple of quarters. But, what I can tell you is there are things that we have done that have deliberate actions for my F5 that are transitioning some of our hardware business to software. And then, this includes things we do in our software offers to make them much easier to consume and remove all of the friction that exists in our customers adopting these solutions. It also revolves around the commercial offerings and the way we structured and changed our contracting structure. And it also revolves around the things we've done on go-to-market and the incentives we’ve put in our field teams to proactively help customers who want to transition to software faster platform. And so, those actions are driven by us. Of course, there are effects that have to do with the market. And customers themselves wanted to implement software policies, and also wanting to have this multi-cloud portability, which is made easier with software. But, so, when you look at these two factors, that's what I think is driving the decline in systems, but some of which is driven by us. And the last point Rod is, we have not been losing -- if that's kind of what you're getting to, we have not been losing hardware deals, if this is your question. We actually continue to be very, very happy with the win rate on our hardware deals.
Rod Hall: Yes. No, my -- the angle of my question was more you guys have been gaining share in hardware. And I wondered if you thought you would sustain that or whether you thought maybe you would match kind of the hardware market more, but that was kind of where I was coming from. And I also wanted to ask Francois, given the high software growth in the quarter, what -- can you give us any idea what you think software growth you did for the market or even better, it looks like over the next year, I mean, are you thinking that you can maintain this kind of ballpark in terms of growth, or is this a one-off or what sort of growth do you think is likely as we look out?
Francois Locoh-Donou: I think, Rod, if you look at the analysts’ reports on ADC’s software growth, excluding -- by the way, my comments here exclude ADC-as-a-service, which is largely the latest cloud offering. I’ll come back to that in a moment. But if you exclude them, the analysts’ reports so far are pointed to say 20%ish growth rate in the ADC software market. And so, if you look at that, we definitely believe that we are gaining a significant share in the ADC software market, even though our software growth isn’t just driven by ADC, it’s also -- it also has a strong component of security which has very strong software growth. So, that’s kind of when you look at things today. So, your question around can we maintain the software growth in the coming quarters? Look, I don’t expect 90% software growth every quarter. And as I said before, I think we -- my expectation is that we are likely to do better than the 35% to 40% software growth that was put in our Horizon 1 guidance, in part because we have growth catalysts that haven’t played out yet, specifically NGINX and also F5 Cloud Services, which is more of a sort of back half of 2020 contributor and certainly a contributor in Horizon 2. So, I think both of those catalysts that are yet to materialize for us. But overall when you combine that and what’s happening with hardware I still think what we’ve shared with you for Horizon 1 is about - overall aggregate revenue growth for Horizon 1 is correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Kvaal from Nomura. Your line is open.
Jeff Kvaal: Thank you. Yes, I have two questions. I think, first Francois for you. There is a tremendous success in software this quarter, does put you on a much higher trajectory when it comes to that piece of the business. But, it doesn’t seem as though your overall corporate growth rates have picked up, despite the software explosion. And I guess I would have expected there to be a little bit of uptick in the overall corporate growth rate, if you are expanding into standalone security et cetera, et cetera. So, I was wondering if you could offer some thoughts about that. And then, Frank, on your side, the OpEx number that you are offering us for the September quarter is a little higher than we’ve modeled, and there is integration of an acquisition, so I get that. But I was just wondering if you could help us understand where the OpEx is and where it might go over the course of the fiscal year, to the extent you can. Thank you.
Francois Locoh-Donou: I’ll take the first part. And look, I think this is -- if you look at our overall revenue growth, this is playing out so far pretty much in line with what we have shared at AIM and what we have shared when we made the NGINX acquisition in terms of overall aggregate revenue growth. And I think we shared that in our Horizon 2, we expected this to pick up. And that’s still our view. But for Horizon 1, I think when you look at the dynamics combined of the transition we have to go through as a company, starting from a large base of hardware and transitioning to a majority software business, that's how it's playing out. And I think the growth rate reflects that for the time being. 
Frank Pelzer: And Jeff, in terms of non-GAAP operating margin for the rest of our fiscal year, the coming quarter that we have is the rest of our fiscal year. And so, we're not providing any guidance at this point for FY20. But, as we talked about in the acquisition of NGINX, we expected that our non-GAAP operating margin in Horizon 1 was going to be in the range of 33% to 35%. This is absolutely in that range. And we did that with the anticipation of the expenses that were going to come on through the NGINX acquisition. So, that's exactly what we're seeing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee from J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Francois, I just wanted to start off with a more broader question on what are you seeing in terms of spending trends from enterprise customers? I think, last quarter, particularly there were few companies that had mentioned, given the uncertain macro, there was some kind of softness in signing large deals. What are you seeing on the ground? Are you seeing kind of any hesitation in signing those large deals at this point?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Hi, Samik. I would, maybe give you a couple of pointers. Overall, I think the macro environment is less healthy than it was a year ago. It's not -- I wouldn't characterize it as being kind of difficult but it is not as healthy as it was a year ago. Where we're seeing specific areas of softness, I would say, the UK and Germany and for us in Europe, and specifically the UK where uncertainty persists and we have seen a number of deals there being delayed or cancelled altogether. And I would also say specifically in hardware, we continue to see more scrutiny applied to hardware deals, of course, especially in companies that have software first policies. And so, that probably elongates the deal cycle, specifically for hardware deals.
Samik Chatterjee: Got it. Frank, I think, to quickly follow-up with a question on the software side. You had very strong sequential growth in the software revenues and you mentioned most -- a lot of that was driven by the security products. You also launched new SaaS offerings I think I believe in March. Can you just kind of help us understand if the sequential growth, how much contribution was there from the new SaaS offerings or if it’s immaterial now, how much time do you think it takes to ramp those up so that they become material to your kind of outlook?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes, Samik. So, we are -- yes, you're right, we launched F5 Cloud Services, our SaaS platform in March, and introduced our first service on the platform, which is DNS-as-a-service. And we're now, in the process of launching our next set of service -- global server load balancing actually is next and is going to -- achieve pretty soon followed by WAF-as-a-Service, et cetera. So, we are -- where we are is we're very early days. And we basically just have the first service but even on the first service, we already have the first paying customers on the platform. And we have a large number of customers in trial and we expect that the pickup will accelerate as we introduce the new service, like GSLB and WAF. In terms of -- so this obviously did not contribute to the quarter. We don't expect it to be really material, certainly not in the next three quarters. SaaS businesses have a -- take a bit of time to ramp. But certainly going into FY21 and ‘22, when we get into Horizon 2, we would expect our F5 Cloud Services platform to be a meaningful contributor to our overall business and certainly to our software growth.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of James Faucette from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Meta Marshall: Great. This is Meta Marshall for James. Maybe first question, understanding that the 33% to 35% OpEx is kind of within the Horizon 1 that you had noted, but just also you kind of noted that change to the go-to-market. And so, I just want to get a sense of how much of this is just layering in NGINX versus how much of this is kind of -- is there a cost to kind of the change in go-to-market approach? And then, maybe the second question, just if you -- if we could get a sense of what is the impact of the purchase accounting on NGINX for kind of your forecast of just -- you've mentioned it's an $8 million contribution in the quarter. What would that have been without kind of the purchase accounting adjustment? Thanks.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Meta, I'll take the first part, and Frank will take the second part. On the 33% to 35% operating profit guidance for Horizon 1, Meta, this is mainly due to investments in our software platforms, largely NGINX and the investments we have to do there, some of F5 Cloud Services, but it's mainly NGINX. And it's not really about the go-to-market, it’s a change in the go-to-market models. Even though we have increased the size of our go-to-market teams with the addition of NGINX, this is more about the platforms than a fundamental change in our go-to-market.
Frank Pelzer: I mean, in relation to the $8 million, that was a discussion about the contribution of NGINX next quarter. Without a purchase accounting, my assumption is that would be just approximately $10 million, maybe slightly more than $10 million next quarter?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Simon Leopold from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Simon Leopold: I wanted to maybe come at the OpEx question a little bit differently. I want to reflect on the June quarter. Excluding the acquisition you had forecast, I believe, $275 million to $287 million, which would imply something like 60ish million coming from the acquisition. If you could maybe unpack what occurred in the June quarter and then help us understand what's maybe one-timeish, what's sort of ongoing from the acquisition, because obviously you're forecasting significantly lower operating expenses in September. So, I just want to make sure I understand the moving parts or components to operating expenses?
Frank Pelzer: Sure, Simon. So, all that $60 million, I think where you're getting that figure is when we talk about not just contribution from NGINX, but also some of our non-GAAP things that we have to split out. And that reconciliation can be found in the press release. And so, I'd point you to that. But some of the bigger items where there was a portion of the NGINX acquisition where it was part of the consideration but accounting makes us take that as an expense in the quarter and it was effectively a holdback or leave [ph] for key employees that was part of the deal negotiation. And so that was a large portion of that. There were some facility exit charges. And then the rest of what we would discuss would be the inflow of the new NGINX employees. So, all of that was anticipated as part of our guidance and our guidance going forward.
Simon Leopold: And so, the incremental expenses from NGINX by itself in terms of what is going to operating expenses is in kind of a $25 million to $30 million range per quarter?
Frank Pelzer: It’s approx -- I think it’s actually, Simon, a little bit less than that but it’s not a number that we’re splitting out for practical purposes. We’ve already combined some of the teams together and it’s not the way we are tracking the business.
Simon Leopold: Okay. And maybe just to pivot, in terms of the cash position, I understand this is I think the first quarter in more than 10 years that F5 has not bought back stocks, so sort of a significant break in the pattern. What is the cash level that you feel is necessary to run the business because it seems as if you certainly got adequate cash to do everything you’d like and could still buyback stock. So, I guess, I'm trying to really, even if you’re not ready to give us a number, if you can maybe explain your philosophy.
Frank Pelzer: Sure, Simon. I mean, for a long time, we’ve had plenty of cash to run the business and have chosen to do share repurchase as opposed to other things that you can do with cash, including inorganic expansion. And so, we are adding back up that flexibility to continue to use our cash for multiple purposes and we’ll be strategic with it. I can’t say that there is ultimately one level where the cash balance has to be before go back in the market and repurchase shares. That could be this quarter. 
Simon Leopold: Could you maybe just follow that with your thought on instituting a dividend?
Frank Pelzer: Yes. We don’t have any anticipation at this point of instituting a dividend. We think that that’s actually not a great tax efficient way of redistributing cash to our shareholder base, and we’d be much more off to do share repurchases as that vehicle to redistribute cash.
Simon Leopold: Great. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-04-24 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. And welcome to the F5 Networks Second Quarter Fiscal 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Also, today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objection, please disconnect at this time. I'll now turn the call over to Ms. Suzanne DuLong. Ma'am you may begin.
Suzanne DuLong: Welcome. I'm Suzanne DuLong, F5's Vice President of Investor Relations. Francois Locoh-Donou, F5's President and CEO; and Frank Pelzer, F5's Executive Vice President and CFO, will be making prepared remarks on today's call. Other members of the F5 executive team are also on hand to answer questions during the Q&A portion of the call. A copy of today's press release is available on our website at f5.com where an archived version of today's call also will be available through July 24, 2019. A replay of today's discussion will be available through midnight Pacific Time tomorrow, April 25 by dialing 800-585-8367 or 416-621-4642. For additional information or follow-up questions, please reach out to me directly at s.dulong@f5.com. Our discussion today will contain forward-looking statements, which includes words such as believe, anticipate, expect, and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in the press release announcing our financial results and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. With that, I'll turn the call over to Francois.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Suzanne, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I'll talk briefly to our business drivers before handing over to Frank to review the quarter's results in detail. With 30% software revenue growth in the quarter, we're delivering strong results from the resource shifts we've made in the last 18 months. Customers are leveraging our multi-cloud deployment model and consuming our flagship software and offerings, both on-prem and in the public cloud. Increasingly, they are consuming for new vehicles, including subscriptions and enterprise license agreements. Security services, including Advanced WAF and bot mitigation are leading the vast majority of our customer conversations and public cloud continues to be our strongest software growth area. I will speak to our software growth drivers in more detail later in my remarks. Systems revenues declined in line with the market, down 5% in the quarter. As expected, with customers adopting a cloud-first mentality, hardware investment and use cases are being carefully evaluated, and we are seeing some elongations of deal timing as a result. That said, we continue to see systems growth opportunities in certain segments of the market such as high-performance security use case and in emerging markets. Our Services business delivered 4% growth in the quarter and continues to produce robust gross margins while maintaining world-class customer satisfaction scores. Our services capabilities continue to differentiate F5 as customers' application environment has become increasingly sophisticated and they recognize the need for reliable and responsive support from their most critical solution providers. We are achieving consistently strong 90%-plus attach rates. In fact the attach rate for the Americas increased 300 basis points in the quarter. As we discussed at our Analyst and Investor Day in March 2018, over time, we do expect our services growth rates to slow as we transition to a higher percentage of subscription and other service offerings. In summary, we're very pleased with the progress we are seeing in our software transition. Progress that will be augmented as we begin to see contribution from our recently launched as-a-service platform, F5 Cloud Services, and as we complete the acquisition of NGINX. I'll speak to both topics in greater detail after Frank reviews our Q2 results and our outlook for the third quarter. Frank?
Frank Pelzer: Thank you, Francois and good afternoon, everyone. As Francois noted, we delivered solid revenue and strong EPS growth in the quarter. Second quarter revenue of $545 million was up approximately 2% year-over-year and within our guided range of $543 million to $553 million. GAAP EPS was $1.93 per share. Non-GAAP EPS of $2.57 per share was above our guidance of $2.53 to $2.56 per share. Q2 product revenue of $238 million was flat year-over-year and accounted for approximately 44% of total revenue. As François mentioned, software grew 30% year-over-year and represented approximately 19% of product revenue, up 80 basis points from Q1 as a percent of product revenue. Systems revenue of $192 million made up approximately 81% of product revenue and was down 5% year-over-year and roughly flat sequentially. Services revenue of $307 million grew 4% year-over-year and represented approximately 56% of total revenue. On a regional basis, in Q2, America's revenue grew 4% year-over-year and represented 56% of total revenue. EMEA was flat year-over-year and accounted for 25% of overall revenue. APAC revenue grew 1% year-over-year and accounted for 19% of total revenue. Looking at our bookings by vertical. Enterprise customers represented 65% of product bookings. Service providers accounted for 20%. Our government business in the quarter reflected some modest impact from the government shutdown representing 16% of product bookings, including 6% from U.S. Federal. In Q2, we had three greater than 10% distributors. Ingram Micro, which accounted for 20% of total revenue, and Arrow and Tech Data, each of which accounted for 10%. Let's now turn to operating results. GAAP gross margin in Q2 was 83.8%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 85%, in line with our expectations. GAAP operating expenses were $314 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $273 million. Our GAAP operating margin in Q2 was 26.2%, and non-GAAP operating margin was 34.9% in line with our expectations. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 22.7%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 21.8%. Turning to the balance sheet. In Q2, we generated $194 million in cash flow from operations, which contributed to cash and investments totaling over $1.6 billion at quarter end. DSO at the end of the quarter was 53 days. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $29 million, up sequentially as we continue to build out our new facility in Downtown Seattle. Inventory at the end of the quarter was $33.5 million. Deferred revenue increased 15% year-over-year to $1.16 billion. Approximately half of the increase over the prior year quarter relates to the adoption of 606. We ended the quarter with approximately 4,795 employees, up 215 people from Q1 as we continue to hire aggressively as planned in our growth areas, including sales and research & development. In Q2, we repurchased approximately 617,000 shares of our common stock at an average price of $162.06 per share for a total of $100 million. Now let me share our guidance for fiscal Q3 of '19. Unless otherwise stated, please note that all of my guidance comments reference non-GAAP operating metrics. Also, with NGINX not closed, our guidance today excludes any impact to revenue or cost from the transaction. Overall, we are pleased with the progress we are making with our software transition and remain confident in our position in the market and in the growth opportunities for the business. We also believe we are well aligned with the long-term trend towards multi-cloud environments and increasing demand for application security. In addition, we are seeing increasing traction with subscription and ELA offerings as they provide customers consumption flexibility and better agility for their ever-evolving software architectures. With this in mind, we are targeting Q3 of '19 revenue in the range of $550 million to $560 million. We expect gross margins of approximately 85% to 85.5%. We estimate operating expenses of $275 million to $287 million. We anticipate our effective tax rate for the year will remain in the 21% to 22% range we previously provided for the full fiscal year with some fluctuation quarter-to-quarter. Our Q3 earnings target is $2.54 to $2.57 per share. In the quarter, we expect share-based compensation expense of approximately $40 million and $1.7 million in amortization of purchase tangible assets. Capital expenditures are expected in the range of $110 million to $130 million for the year. This range includes approximately $70 million of cost related to our previously announced corporate headquarter move to F5 Tower in Downtown Seattle. The initial phase of the move occurred over the last several weeks and we expect to complete the move this summer. I'll reiterate that we continue to expect NGINX transaction to close in the second calendar quarter, but we have not included any revenue or cost impact from the deal in our guidance. We expect any revenue impact in the quarter will be immaterial and expect to provide contribution details when we report our Q3 quarter results. With that, I will turn the call back over to Francois. Francois?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Frank. I'll spend just a few minutes on the trends we're seeing in the business and highlighting some customer wins from the quarter before we move to Q&A. Focusing first on our 30% software growth. We are accelerating software growth across three vectors. First, we are capitalizing on significant customer demand for security capabilities packaged as software. This is particularly true as customers deploy multi-cloud applications, including applications in the public cloud where the demand for security is even more critical. As a result, security use cases continue to drive our software growth rate and account for a higher share of our overall product business. In particular, our anti-bot and machine-generated traffic monitoring and blocking capabilities is appealing to customers who continue to face an increasing array of threats. We are also seeing new security use cases emerge, including privileged user access, credential stuffing and zero trust. As an example, during the quarter, we deployed a combination of access policy manager and our Advanced WAF at an International energy company. They selected F5 to secure their application access. In other words, applications on their network are secured with an F5 application security policy. For example, F5 provides highly secure access to systems on their oil rigs and oil plants for third parties doing systems maintenance. The second vector accelerating software growth comes from our subscription and ELA consumption models, which were introduced last year and provide customers flexibility as they manage the transition to multi-cloud environments. Increasingly, customers are using ELAs to leverage our technology in public clouds. During the quarter, we closed three times the number of opportunities and near that in value compared to the first quarter. While the overall dollars are still relatively small, ELAs are an important tool for our sales force and we have a robust third quarter ELA pipeline. As an example, during Q2, we closed an ELA with an online gaming company. The customer needed the flexibility to deploy Advanced WAF and API capabilities to protect the games' layer 7 DDoS, bots and bad actors. Using an ELA consumption model, we replaced other security vendors and gave the customer the flexibility to deploy the needed multi-cloud security application services when and where they want. The second ELA example came from an airline undergoing digital transformation and pivoting to a multi-cloud approach. This customer preferred an ELA to ensure flexibility as their needs scale. They selected our high-performance BIG-IP Virtual Edition as well as BIG-IQ. The same customer also upgraded from the public cloud native Web Application Firewall to F5's Advanced Web Application Firewall. They are using F5 to secure their consumer loyalty application with both bot mitigation and credential stuffing protection. This deployment offers an interesting example of how F5 can work across often siloed teams within an organization as we work successfully with both the network and the security teams. The third vector for accelerating software growth is our advanced capabilities in automation, orchestration and central management, which resonate with customers facing an increasingly complex combination of environments and sprawling deployments. In fact, our ability to unify and simplify deployments is unlocking new spend. For instance, during the quarter, we had a large U.S. payment processor purchase BIG-IQ to manage their global infrastructure deployment of BIG-IP. The customer had come to F5 last year looking for a solution to help them automate their infrastructure and operate at the speed of business. They are now deploying BIG-IQ to manage their global estate of hundreds of BIG-IP instances. As we look toward the back half of 2019, we believe we will continue to drive software growth with a number of catalysts. First, in Q2, we launched our F5-as-a-Service platform and the first SaaS offering running on top of it. F5 Cloud Services is designed to support modern deployment scenarios. These include cloud native applications in container-based environments with high availability, strong service, enterprise-grade SaaS solutions that are easily provisioned and configured within minutes. Launched with a basic DNS service set, we have a number of customer already in free 60-day trials. Later this year, we'll deliver even more F5 enterprise-grade SaaS abilities, including security services designed to protect applications from existing and emerging threats. Another catalyst for continued software growth is a new high-grade ELA consumption model we're launching in response to additional use cases. Customers have asked for an ELA that protects their entitlement when they are migrating from hardware to a software and cloud environment. With this new high-grade ELA, we are providing customers even more flexibility and license portability as they contemplate digital transformation and what it means for their businesses. We have already developed pipeline and we are excited about what this new model means for future multi-cloud application services. Finally, we are increasingly confident in the opportunities enabled by our acquisition of NGINX. We continue to expect the acquisition to close in the second calendar quarter. In the weeks since our initial announcements, internal reaction from both F5 and NGINX has been very positive and initial integration planning is going well. Customers across all theaters are very excited about what they see as the strong potential of the combination and the ability to bridge the divide between NetOps and dev ops. Together, F5 and NGINX will be able to offer solutions that provide the requisite control to satisfy the CIO while giving application developers the freedom to innovate. We are excited by the complementarity between F5's cloud native app services platform and NGINX' controller. As a result, post-close we expect to converge both under one product family using the NGINX brand and maintaining the momentum in NGINX' current offering. This converged offering will address a larger total addressable market and will span a broader set of used cases across dev ops and Super-NetOps customer personas. When closed, we expect our F5 cloud native team to move under NGINX CEO, Gus Robertson, providing a significant increase to the NGINX engineering team and additional resources to accelerate new product capabilities and use cases. The traction we're getting with our software solution is perhaps the most demonstrable evidence that F5 is on a path to become the leader in multi-cloud application services. I mentioned in my opening remarks that customers are increasingly taking a cloud-first approach. We are as well. As our customers contemplate and begin to work across multiple environments, F5's value proposition actually increases. Organizations of all sizes are quickly learning that operating in multiple environments make things more complicated and F5's solution simplify that complexity with consistent, environment-agnostic policies, automation, orchestration and central management. I'll speak briefly to our service provider business before we go to Q&A. We continue to drive our network function virtualization, or NFV, solutions in new areas of service providers' business. We are securing DNS and CGNAT wins in growth portions of providers' networks, and we see wirelined and MSO deals ramping. Recent wins with wireline carriers include DDoS, DNS and firewall services. In addition, we are also seeing opportunities emerge from managed web application firewalls. We continue to have conversations with mobile operators about 5G and while we continue to see the majority of near-term 5G spend focused on the spectrum and radio portions of the network, we are confident that our spending moves towards the core there will be increased opportunities for F5. During Q2, we successfully expanded our use case with a North American communications provider to include security. We are now providing WAF to front-end all of their consumer-facing websites. The same communications provider was also experiencing numerous outages and network challenges in its field technicians network, which was leading to unsatisfactory customer experiences. F5 proposed an access policy manager solution with manageability through BIG-IQ. This allowed the provider to achieve greater scale and reliability while supporting dual stack connection, allowing for better access and stability for internal users and delivering greater efficiency for remote field technicians. We're also having discussions with this customer as they contemplate the move from 4G to 5G and expect that as they transition, our sales motion with them will become more software focused. This is true with another service provider customer as well, where during the quarter we secured a large systems win to help them handle increased traffic and deployed NFV functionality with BIG-IP Virtual Editions. In closing, my thanks to the entire F5 team, our partners, our customers and our shareholders. We are on this journey together. Our customers' digital transformation requires a continuous transformation of our business and we are embracing that challenge. With that, operator, we will now open the call to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from line of Paul Silverstein from Cowen. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Paul Silverstein: Thanks. I appreciate it. First one, Frank, first from a regional perspective, was there anything unique in the quarter in the EMEA region, you have been posting strong growth over the better part of the past six quarters. And there was a significant downtick from your previous growth rate in the quarter, similarly there was an uptick in the Americas. Can you discuss what's going on regionally? And then I've got a follow-up.
Frank Pelzer: Yes. I think - North America I think we had a solid quarter, specifically internationally, and I'll go to Europe where for the last three quarters we've got growth - we've got year-on-year growth rate now in the 7% to 8% range. And this quarter, Europe was flat year-on-year. That was concentrated specifically in the U.K. where I think we saw this uncertainty around Brexit push up some deals. And I think we also had some softness in Germany, specifically sort of Germany, Austria region. And so as a result, we had less than perhaps we would've hoped in Europe. Overall, if you recall, Paul, about 18 months ago, we felt we were having some execution challenges in Europe. We made a lot of progress on those - we made some changes both in leadership and in the way that we have put our formation in Europe. We feel we've made a lot of progress there with these challenges, but these progress are still in the - with a backdrop of continued macro uncertainty in Europe. And so I think that's what we're dealing with. But generally, we're happy with the way we're - our team is organized and performing over there. I think this quarter was specific to the U.K. and a little bit in Germany. And then in Asia-Pacific, we also had less cost than we've had in the last couple of quarters, but we think that's a little bit of lumpiness there. Generally, the trajectory for our business in Asia-Pacific is north, and we continue to expect good growth in that region. There isn't anything macro that we worry about there at the moment.
Paul Silverstein: Hey, Francois, on the Brexit comment, just playing devil's advocate, why now? Brexit has been hanging out there for a while, one would think that last quarter, the quarter before, no different than this quarter that, that would have presented a challenge to you and other suppliers, i.e. the uncertainty. And then I also want to ask you, last quarter you made a comment about lack of manpower in the federal government to actually process the paperwork, which was adversely impacting you from a rev rec standpoint. But there wasn't otherwise an issue related to federal government weakness. And I'm wondering if there's been any change with respect to that?
Francois Locoh-Donou: On Brexit, Paul, you're right. But the - I guess there has been some uncertainty around it. But folks have known that the outcome would be - that the U.K. would exit the European Union. In the last few months, the uncertainty around how that would happen and when, you probably followed all the episodes of this, has increased. And a number of companies have been trying to make contingency plans for what will happen in the very short term. So in the last month of the quarter, in the U.K. in particular, we saw folks push out decisions because they wanted to wait until they had clarity on what the real outcome would be. Specifically on the Fed, we did - we had a reasonable quarter in the Fed. We - it could have been better if the government shutdown had not taken place. The impact for us is we didn't lose any business but there was some business that wasn't processed in the quarter. Even though the shutdown ended I think early February, there was some business that we had won that wasn't really processed in the quarter. So there is a few deals that could have come in the quarter that did not come. But overall, we thought we had a reasonable quarter in the Fed.
Paul Silverstein: All right. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Kurtz from KeyBanc. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Alex Kurtz: Thanks. Thanks for taking the question. Francois, just on your commentary around the service providers, it sounded like you're becoming more constructive about the opportunity. I know it's been a challenging vertical over last couple of years. Is something changing there from a demand perspective? Should we start thinking about these group of customers maybe growing faster than the overall business for a period of time?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Alex, I would not conclude that for now. I think we're still cautious about the near-term opportunity with service providers. We felt better about a couple of the North America service providers this quarter than we were in Q1. But overall, if I look at the - our use cases and spend globally with service providers, I still think we are in the middle of this 4G to 5G transition. And that there are good opportunities ahead of us sort of several quarters out, once we see the rollout to 5G radios and the capacity upgrades that will happen for us. In the meantime, though, we are getting a lot of traction with service providers in two areas specifically. NSD, where we're seeing them use more and more our virtual solutions. So they did contribute to our growth in software as well and also in security, on a number of use cases, including firewalls but also things like CGNAT and other use cases. So these two areas in service providers are doing well. And hopefully the 5G will come, but as we said that's a few quarters out.
Alex Kurtz: And just clarify do you think 5G could be a better dollar opportunity for F5 and 4G wasn't? I know you weren't here for that. But just talking to the team that works those accounts. Is there a sense of just could it be at a better dollar opportunity?
Francois Locoh-Donou: We think so because of the sort of size and scale of these deployments. The fact that we're very well positioned to help teams like network slicing that are critical in 5G and then the way they'll have to handle the traffic, what's going to happen at the edge, around processing more and more traffic and applications at the edge. There are a lot of catalyst that give us a belief that this could be a meaningful, and perhaps more meaningful than 4G, impact on F5.
Alex Kurtz: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Samik Chatterjee from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi. Thank you. Francois, I just wanted to clarify, I think, in your comments about the system revenue being down 5%, you mentioned you are seeing some elongation of deal timing. Is it primarily, you're seeing kind of them evaluating other solutions? Or potentially evaluating kind of a move to the cloud? Or is it more just kind of pause in spending that you're seeing? If you could just clarify what you're seeing there?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Hi, Samik. It's not a - I wouldn't characterize it as a pause in spending. The phenomenon there is as customers adopt the stance that is more software first or cloud first, they do scrutinize their spend on hardware more. And as a result, the approval cycles for hardware are getting elongated. And I think that's what we're seeing really as the dynamics in large enterprise organizations. But those that have made a decision to go software first or to go cloud first, from the time we have a project that a team has approved and want to go forward to the time that, that transaction can be processed, there is lot more scrutiny on it. That's what I was referring to.
Samik Chatterjee: Okay. Got it. And just a quick second one. You've referred to the launch of the cloud native product as well as a service offering in the quarter. When you're going and kind of looking at these - kind of asking your customers that look at these products, are they kind of opting to wait for the NGINX controller to be available that you mentioned you kind of put them together and have a converged offering? Or - I mean, what are you seeing in terms costumer behavior and as the NGINX controller being kind of a deciding factor and you would rather wait for it or kind of close the deals even before it?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes, so Samik, I think your - so there was an announcement in the quarter about F5 Cloud Services, which is, I think, a pretty important milestone because it's the first Software-as-a-Service offering of F5 and talking later about what I see as catalyst for F5 Cloud Services. But I think your question is specifically between NGINX and cloud native application services platform that F5 has been developing. So on that, it's actually fairly straightforward. The NGINX brings to the table element of the portfolio that are not in the virtual ADC space. So they are completely complementary to what we have been doing. And it's really their API Gateway technology, what they've been doing in web server and app server space and those are completely new, adjacent TAMs for F5. In the virtual ADC space specifically, NGINX has a controller that is in the market and our cloud native app services platform was really based on a controller that we have built organically, but hadn't been launched in the market yet. And so we've been in the initial stages of integration planning and where we're headed with that is there is significant complementarity between the two in the sense that the NGINX controller appeals to a - I would say, a fairly sophisticated dev ops audience whereas our controller was more targeted, it was a mainstream enterprise buyer that really wanted an easy way to control their data plans. And so what we're doing is we're going to start with the NGINX controller because it is in the market, it is in use with customers, and we of course want to maintain and accelerate that momentum. But we are going to rapidly port the capabilities of our controller to the NGINX controller, so that the combined offering can target a larger addressable market from the very sophisticated dev ops users all the way to the less sophisticated that want an easy capability with all the analytics that come with it. So we're pretty excited about that potential acceleration of the combined offering.
Samik Chatterjee: Okay. That is very clear. Thanks, Francois. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Sami Badri from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Sami Badri: Great. Thank you. So the software revenue and then the watermarks that you're starting to reach every single quarter is very commendable, but I think the one thing I just want to try to understand is on margins. It looks like, on a sequential basis, there is a little bit of a pressure now. The operating margin that you had this quarter makes sense given your aggressive hirings you commented on. But on specifically non-GAAP gross margins, can you just walk us through what exactly is happening on the cost side, just because you think that a software ramps up dramatically more, you see some margin expansion and we just want to get a better idea on what exactly is going on.
Frank Pelzer: Hi Sami. It's Frank. Let me start with that one. It's actually right in line with our expectations, what we said was sort of 85% to 85.5%. So we were at the lower end of that range. But it was exactly as we expected to come on board. Over a long period of time, as we scaled the software business the actual inherent margin in there in the growth side is higher than the hardware business. And so as we talked about at AIM in 2018, as we get even further into closer to Horizon 2, you should see some of the impacts of that investment start to make its way as additional component of our product revenue comes from software and is a better driver for an expansion in that gross margin side. But I'd just go back to say but this is exactly what we expected it and how we talked about it in guidance last quarter.
Sami Badri: Got it. And then the - I think one thing on NGINX, there is lot of commentary on bringing in NGINX and integrating it and going to market more under the NGINX umbrella and unifying the offerings. So one other kind of follow-up question to all of this narrative, is there - will there be any type of cannibalistic dynamics by doing this with the existing F5 business? And just to kind of use a historical or illustrative example is, if everybody was moving from physical ADC to virtual ADC, there could be an element of cannibalism right to the revenue streams? Is there anything like that, that could potentially emerge by integrating NGINX and going to market with that brand and integrating all F5 services and NGINX together? Could there be potentially any type of cannibalistic dynamics to your revenue stream by doing that?
Francois Locoh-Donou: I think the short answer to that, Sami, is we don't think so. So just to be clear, NGINX does not a direct - so if one wants to go from their current mode of deployment, of using ADC as part of their infrastructure to support multiple applications, but they want to go from a hardware ADC to a virtual ADC, we already cover that today with our Virtual Editions. And we do that very well which is why, in part, our software has been growing at the rate it has, it's because of what we're doing on Virtual Editions, the introduction of our Cloud Edition and the IQ platform that provides better centralized management and automation and orchestration, and the flexible consumption that we give people around our enterprise license agreement that allow them to have license portability. All of these things address the use case of how do you go to virtualized ADC deployment and we're doing very well there. The NGINX capability is really more of an augmentation of that than a cannibalization of that, and if you look at the use case of their addressing it's really dev ops folks who want to build their load balancing or ADC capabilities much closer to the application logic as part of new dev ops environment. And that isn't a cannibalization of the things we do today, it's rather a new growth area for new applications that are being built and deployed either on-prem or in public cloud.
Sami Badri: Got it. Got it. Thank you very much for those answers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Simon Leopold from Raymond James. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Simon Leopold: Great. Thanks very much for taking the question. I have two. One is pretty simple, in the quarter you did $100 million share repurchase, but you do have this acquisition. Just want to get a revisit of your plans in terms of share buybacks, given the long-standing pattern had been around $150 million a quarter, now we see a couple of quarters at $100 million. Want to get a better understanding of how to think about it going forward? And then I have a follow up on the verticals.
Frank Pelzer: Sure, Simon. So as we discussed on March 11 when we talked about the canceling of our automatic share repurchase program, our view point really hasn't changed and so we do view our cash balance as a very strategic asset for us, and we're going to use that opportunistically. It may be for additional share repurchases we're not just going to automatically do, but be opportunistic about. It may be for additional acquisitions or it may be for other activities. So for the time, we have talked about we're suspending the automatic share repurchase but we're going to be opportunistic with additional share repurchases in the future.
Simon Leopold: Thanks. And Francois, in your prepared remarks, I had the impression that you were pleasantly surprised about the telco results this quarter kind of getting back to a trend we had observed during much of fiscal '18, just over $100 million versus $76-ish million in the prior quarter. And so I understand what you said about the outlook, but if we look at the March quarter, if you were pleasantly surprised by the telco improvement, was there an unpleasant surprise offsetting it? What was weaker than you expected in the quarter? And maybe elaborate on what trends would be in that aspect of the business mix?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Hey, Simon. So I'll start with the last part of your question. What was weaker than I expected in the quarter was Europe. I thought we could have done better and I think as I said the dynamic in the last month of the quarter was weaker than we would've thought. And there was a little bit we could've done more in the Fed. But again, I think we had kind of anticipated that because of the shutdown. As it relates to service providers, I wasn't necessarily pleasantly surprised. I think what we were trying to point to is, in our first quarter, service providers were particularly weak. And I felt the interpretation of that was perhaps too strong because the service provider segment is naturally lumpy. And so I think we wanted to point out that we came back to numbers in the service provider space that are more in line with historical mix for F5. But that being said, I am still cautious about the service provider segment for the next few quarters because of the transition dynamics we've talked to.
Simon Leopold: And what's your expectation for the behavior from Europe over the next few quarters?
Francois Locoh-Donou: My expectation is, I think we continue to make very good progress on our own internal execution with the changes we've made. So we've have grown very confident and Chad Whalen, our Global Head of Sales, has been very confident about the leadership team and the formation of the resources that we have in place there. I have a little bit of cautions specifically around U.K. and Germany, based upon what we've seen. But overall, I think with the changes we've made and the hiring we've had in Europe, our expectation would be that we continue to grow in Europe.
Simon Leopold: Great. Thank you for taking the questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Michael Genovese from MKM Partners. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Michael Genovese: Thanks very much. Francois, hi, I wanted to check in and go back to the presentation when you acquired NGINX and gave the post-NGINX Horizon 1 guidance. And just checking and see if those guideposts are still going to be applicable after today.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Hi, Mike. Yes, they are.
Michael Genovese: So generally speaking, post-acquisition we should model and for this year, next year a little bit faster revenue growth, but a little bit of dilution in the EPS. I just want to make sure that we're factoring in the acquisition correctly.
Francois Locoh-Donou: That's correct.
Michael Genovese: Okay. That's all for me. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Rod Hall from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Rod Hall: Yeah. Hi, guys. Thanks for the question. I guess I had two. I wanted to start off with the OpEx line, particularly R&D. We continue to see R&D creeping up a little bit, especially if we look over a multiyear period, and we've just bought NGINX. So I'm just wondering how much more R&D do you think you need to spend to integrate that, and to continue to push products forward. Should we anticipate that the R&D line continues to grow as a percentage of sales for a while or does that stabilize in a few quarters? And then I have a follow-up to that.
Frank Pelzer: Hi, Rod. I think you'll see the R&D line pick up a little more over the next few quarters both because of the NGINX acquisition and additional investment that we want to make to catalyze or capitalize on the opportunities in front of us, specifically in the case of NGINX, beyond the organic investment there. We want to port security capabilities into the NGINX platform fairly quickly. We want to accelerate what they've been doing in the API management space. It's a big market. There is a big opportunity there. They didn't have the resources to fully capitalize on the opportunity for us. We're going to accelerate that. Same on the application server space. So all of these things should pick up. And then in security, we also are going to continue to make more investments. We've had very strong traction in security in the first half of 2019, both for our own on-prem offerings and increasingly our managed services security offerings in civil line and our cloud services in security and software services. And as you know, the market and security is, of course, moving more to software-managed services and cloud. And so we've got some exciting offerings and we're going to press ahead with those opportunities. That being said, all of that - all of those investments have just gone through. They were considered when we gave a revised Horizon 1 guidance of operating profit between 33% and 35% for Horizon 1. So all of that's accounted into what we should expect.
Rod Hall: So are you - just to clarify that, François, you're saying that it creeps up in the next couple of quarters, then it stabilizes? Or does it creep up peak and come back off? Just can you give us some idea on trajectory, what we ought to be thinking?
Francois Locoh-Donou: I think it stabilizes. We're not giving specific guidance for next year, but essentially I think it stabilizes to get into that 33%, 35% range for Horizon 1.
Rod Hall: Okay. And then my follow-up was with regards to service providers, the telco revenue, I mean if our calculations are right, I guess they are, I mean you are right back to the revenue - absolute revenue level you were at two quarters ago. When you guys had said last quarter after the big deterioration in that revenue line, you thought it'd take a couple of quarters to get back. And we kind of had the impression from you that, that was pretty concentrated, the deterioration of that revenue. So I just wonder, any color you could give on what happened there? Was there a project that you thought would be delayed longer that came back or did - that one or two carriers that deteriorated in revenue terms add new projects? Just give us any color on why that snapped back so much more quickly than you thought it would?
Frank Pelzer: Well, it was, Rod. It was pretty concentrated and we've had good projects this quarter around a couple of carriers where we have the specific softness. My comments overall are related to the opportunity that we see in service provider. And I think the levels where we're at today are not the levels where we would like to be 18 months down the road when we - the 5G opportunity is truly - would truly mainstream.
Rod Hall: Okay. Thanks, Francois.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Catharine Trebnick from Dougherty. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Catharine Trebnick: Oh, thanks for taking my question. Back to the service provider. Any - are - which regions do you think are tracking faster as far as getting ready to implement 5G? And then where do you think your best position, North America? Because you have such good relationships with top tier carriers, one? And how are you doing in Asia PAC versus EMEA? Thank you.
Chad Whalen: Hi Catherine, this is Chad Whalen.
Catharine Trebnick: Hi.
Chad Whalen: I think - how are you?
Catharine Trebnick: Good.
Chad Whalen: From a service-provider perspective, I think that we've - across the different theaters, we're seeing motions kind of isolated certain countries outside of North America. And I would say that there is been a stronger movement in some of the APAC region as opposed to maybe throughout Europe. And here in North America, there is deep interest in what's going on with 5G planning both in terms of core capacity for enhanced mobile broadband, which is kind of the first service that they are launching. But more importantly for us, is the new architectures they include mac at the edge. And we're spending a lot of time and that's a forcing function for what we're doing around our virtual software offerings. So we're seeing it kind of broad based, but I would say from a concentration perspective, North America and Asia Pac are probably furthest along.
Catharine Trebnick: And are you seeing any different competitors spring up in this area, especially when it comes to the NFV piece of it, combining GNAT (sic) [CGNAT] and - with DDoS and DPI? Are you seeing any other - I mean who do you typically see when you're competing at that level? Thanks.
Chad Whalen: Well, from a - in many parts of the globe, the network equipment providers are kind of the key access into the carriers. And so Nokia, Ericsson, Samsung is new and has made a pretty marketable impression in a APCJ and we're expecting that to continue in EMEA. In terms of new entrants on the software side, Affirmed Networks has been around for some time, we see them some more. But it's typically the same players that we're seeing and have seen in the 4G space that are transitioning in the 5G.
Catharine Trebnick: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ittai Kidron from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Vinod on for Ittai. Thanks for taking the question. I have another NGINX question. You know, I know it's early in the planning and integration projects, but now that you're converging NGINX with cloud native, how does your go-to-market approach change? Are you going to be adopting their approach?
Francois Locoh-Donou: Hi, Vinod. So the approach that we have around the NGINX opportunities, we are going to integrate their sales force, which has been, I would say, for the most part, an inside sales motion. We're going to integrate that organization into Chad Whalen's global sales organization. And we're going to complement that inside sales motion with the enterprise high-touch sales motion that F5 has had in place and excels at. And I think with the combination of these two capabilities, we're going to be able to touch both the low-end deals as well as more and more the high-end, high-touch deals, because one of the things that we think is going to accelerate as we monetize NGINX at scale is that with the acceleration of their controller capabilities with the new resources that we are putting in, NGINX is going to have access to deals of, I think, increasing size as well as larger deals in the enterprise space. And so we really think we're going to need both motions. Both motions are going to under a single organizational umbrella under Chad Whalen and we've already started to think about the governance and collaboration between these organizations to make that very smooth.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: And that's all the questions we have time for today. Thank you for joining. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-01-23 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5 Networks First Quarter and Fiscal 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer portion. Also, today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections please disconnect at this time. I'd now like to turn the call over to Ms. Suzanne DuLong. Ma’am, you may begin.
Suzanne DuLong: Hello, and welcome. I'm Suzanne DuLong, F5's Vice President of Investor Relations. François Locoh-Donou, F5's President and CEO; and Frank Pelzer, F5's Executive Vice President and CFO, will be making prepared remarks on today's call. Other members of the F5 executive team are also on hand to answer questions during the Q&A portion of the call. A copy of today's press release is available on our website at F5.com where an archived version of today's call also will be available through April 24, 2019. The telephonic replay of today's discussion will be available through midnight Pacific Time tomorrow January 24th, and can be accessed by dialing 800-688-2171 or 402-998-0565. For additional information or follow-up questions, please reach out to me directly, at s.dulong@F5.com. Our discussion today will contain forward-looking statements, which includes words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in the press release announcing our financial results and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. With that, I'll turn the call over to François.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Suzanne, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I will talk briefly to our business drivers before handing over to Frank to review the quarter's results in detail. We delivered a solid Q1, overachieving on earnings with revenue growth of 4%. Year-on-year software growth of 21% drove our third sequential quarter of product revenue growth. Focusing on software, public cloud continues to be our strongest software growth area in this quarter, we also saw increasing demand for our security solutions, particularly Advanced Web Application Firewalls. Our new software consumption models, including Virtual Edition subscription and ELAs also contributed to software growth in the quarter. Our ELA pipeline continues to grow, accelerating in Q1, and we expect ELA sales to continue to pick up as our customers continue to shift to multi-cloud deployments. Overall, our software story is evolving to plan, putting us on pace to achieve our Horizon 1 target of 30% to 35% software growth in our fiscal year 2019 to fiscal year 2020 time frame. Our services business had another strong quarter, delivering 5% growth with robust gross margins, resulting from transformation initiatives we’ve been executing to improve an already effective and efficient business. The scale, scope and expertise of our services team remains a differentiator for us. And with a customer satisfaction rating of 9.6 out of 10 for our technical support team, it is clear we are providing support at levels unmatched in the industry.  During the quarter, systems also continued to perform as expected with customers choosing our traditional appliances when they want to control and manage the end-to-end application delivery solution and in most high-performance used cases. At this point, I will hand the call over to Frank to review our Q1 fiscal year 2019 results and our outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2019. Frank?
Frank Pelzer: Thank you, François, and good afternoon, everyone. As François noted, we delivered solid revenue and strong EPS growth in the quarter. First quarter revenue of $544 million was up approximately 4% year-over-year, within our guided range of $542 million to $552 million. GAAP EPS was $2.16 per share. Non-GAAP EPS of $2.70 per share was well above our guidance of $2.51 to $2.54 per share. The beats for GAAP and non-GAAP EPS were driven largely by strong gross margin, hiring that was slightly behind plan and better than expected other income. Q1 product revenue of $234 million was up 3% year-over-year and accounted for approximately 43% of total revenue. Software was approximately 19% of product revenue and grew 21% year-over-year. Systems revenue made up approximately 81% of product revenue and was down less than a percent year-over-year. Services revenue of $310 million grew 5% year-over-year and represented approximately 57% of total revenue. On a regional basis, in Q1, Americas revenue was flat year-over-year and represented 54% of total revenue. EMEA revenue grew 7% year-over-year and accounted for 27% of overall revenue. This quarter, we've combined our APAC and Japan’s earnings for external reporting to reflect the way we now view the business internally. Revenue for this combined region grew 11% year-over-year and accounted for 19% of total revenue. Sales to enterprise customers represented 65% of total sales for the quarter. Service providers accounted for 14% and government sales were 21%, including 10% from U.S. federal. In Q1, we had three greater than 10% distributors, Ingram Micro which accounted for 17% of total revenue, and Westcon and Arrow, each of which accounted for 11% of total revenue. Turning to our operating results. GAAP gross margin in Q1 was 84.1%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 85.2%, slightly better than our expectations, driven by improving product margins which were benefitting from an increasing mix of software sales as well as continuing strength in our services margins. GAAP operating expenses were $299 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $262 million. Our GAAP operating margin in Q1 was 29.1%, and our non-GAAP operating margin was 37%, above our guidance of in the mid-30% range, driven largely by gross margin strength and operating expense efficiency. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 20.8%, our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 21.5%, in line with our 21% to 22% guidance range. Turning to the balance sheet. In Q1, we generated $198 million in cash flow from operations, which contributed to cash and investments totaling $1.55 billion at quarter-end. DSO at the end of the quarter was 54 days, driven by service maintenance renewals at the end of FY18. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $21 million. Inventory at the end of the quarter was $31.6 million. While our adoption of ASC 606 had a de minimis impact on our income statement, we did experience a few changes on our balance sheet items. Deferred revenue increased 16% year-over-year to $1.15 billion. Approximately half of $134.2 million increase over the previous quarter was due to the adoption of 606. Other current and long-term assets increased by $135.5 million from the previous quarter, of which approximately 80% is due to the adoption of 606, as we are now capitalizing on note receivables and commission paid for sales of service contracts. Finally, retained earnings increased by $130.7 million in the quarter, approximately $36 million of which was driven by the adoption of 606. We ended the quarter with approximately 4,580 employees, up 170 people from Q4 as we execute on our plan to aggressively hire in our growth areas. In Q1, we repurchased approximately 569,000 shares of our common stock at an average price of $177.64 per share for a total of $101 million. Now, let me share our guidance for Q2 ‘19. Unless otherwise stated, please note that all of my comments reference non-GAAP operating metrics. Overall, we remain confident in our position in the market and in the growth opportunities for the business with solid software momentum. We believe the long-term trend toward multi-cloud environment is strong and will be a fundamental growth driver for the solutions we offer today and those we will launch in the first half of calendar 2019. While sales to enterprise customers continues to remain strong, we have seen some softness within our service providers vertical as some of our larger customers are planning their next generation application architectures. F5 is positioned very well to capitalize on the massive increase in application traffic anticipated with 5G architectures, but we believe it is prudent to factor in a measure of the near-term softness with our service provider customers in our outlook. Our guidance does not include the impact of the U.S. federal government shutdown, should it extend into February. With this in mind, we are targeting revenue in the range of $543 million to $553 million. We expect gross margins in the 85% to 85.5% range. We’re estimating operating expenses of $270 million to $282 million. You'll recall that last quarter we mentioned we expected operating margin to move down slightly in Q2 and Q3 before moving into the upper 30% range in Q4. We anticipate our effective tax rate for the year will remain in the 21% to 22% range we previously provided for the full fiscal year with some fluctuations quarter-to-quarter. Our Q2 earnings target is $2.53 to $2.56 per share. In the quarter, we expect share based compensation expense of approximately $40 million and $1.8 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. As a reminder, we anticipate stock-based compensation to be in the range of $155 million to $165 million for the year. Capital expenditures are expected to be in the range of $110 million to $130 million for the year. This range includes approximately $70 million of costs related to our previously announced move of our corporate headquarters to F5 Tower in Downtown Seattle as we ready the space for occupancy this year. With that, I will turn the call back over to François. François?
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Frank. Before we move to Q&A, I will spend just a few minutes on the trends we're seeing in the business, highlighting some customer wins from the quarter and talking to innovation at F5. On January 15th, we released our fifth annual State of Application Services report. With input from nearly 2,000 respondents across a range of industries, company sizes and roles, the report provides a view into applications trend impacting our customers globally. One of the key takeaways from this year’s survey is that as organizations progress on their digital transformation journeys, they see application services as vital for cloud adoption. The report also shows that multi-cloud has evolved from an experiment to a key strategy with nearly 90% of respondents reporting they are implementing multi-cloud architectures. Enforcing consistent security and ensuring reliable performance in these multi-cloud environments remains challenging. These and other trends highlighted in the report align with our vision of expanding F5’s reach and role and with our efforts in the last year to repurpose investment and focus on growth areas for our business. These trends are also playing out in real time with our customers, and you can see them in some of our customer wins from Q1. These include a win with a global software and service provider customer who was already leveraging F5 solutions across their multi-cloud environments, including a Bring Your Own license in AWS Marketplace and Virtual Editions in Equinix and Azure. This quarter, they purchased licenses for their procurement and supply chain software-as-a-service offering on Google's cloud platform. Customers, increasingly are making decisions on a per app basis. And during Q1, we had a per app public cloud deployment with a U.S. based cryptocurrency exchange. This customer wanted to differentiate its services to the financial industry through best-in-class security solutions for blockchain transactions. They chose F5’s Cloud Edition Virtual Web Application Firewall for its more robust performance over native public cloud tools and BIG-IQ for the ability to manage and scale the per app infrastructure. We also provided a soccer subscription consumption model to match their end user billing cycles. There are two BIG-IP Cloud Edition wins and highlight from the quarter. One with an international stock exchange, and the other with the large energy supplier in Europe. In both cases, customers are using Cloud Edition for application service isolation, enabling agile application development. This includes simplifying the move from a development environment into production across multiple clouds and ensuring policy compliance through self service templates. We continue to see security use cases driving a significant portion of our customer conversations and net new customer wins. That's not surprising when you consider data from our application services report shows that customers are increasingly deploying a combination of security services to protect their applications and data. Our Advanced Web Application Firewall solution plays right into that trend and our bot detection and mitigation capabilities are a significant differentiator. During the quarter, we had a number of customers select our Advance WAF solution for its anti-bot and machine generated traffic monitoring and blocking capabilities. This includes a major U.S. city’s police department that needed enhanced features and functionality beyond the native cloud tool set that they have been using. Turning to service providers. We are driving continued adoption of our NFV solutions in new areas of business with our service provider customers. In Q1, we closed the deals for our DNS offerings with multiple Tier 1s globally. These customers are leveraging the combination of our extreme scale DNS infrastructure along with the ability to protect that infrastructure with our integrated security capabilities. In addition, we also continue to win 4G and now 5G related deals with our mobile customers, and we see continued strength in firewall use cases including GPRS Tunneling Protocol. We see 2019 as a significant pivot point for our business, a point where our customers will begin to experience a different F5. What do I mean by that? I mean, they will be able to migrate or upgrade their F5 instances in minutes. They will be able to consume F5 technology as a native cloud service without owning F5 hardware or software. They will be able to try and buy F5 technology in new ways. Over the last 18 months, we significantly shifted our investments and resources towards innovation in automation and orchestration, Cloud-Native software and software-as-a-service, and we are excited our customers will experience these new capabilities first hand in 2019. BIG-IP Cloud Edition was introduced in May and continues to gain traction with customers wanting to consume ADC on a per app basis or wanting to offer better SLAs to their DevOps users. The majority of use cases for BIP-IP Cloud Edition continue to be net new applications we were not addressing before. As we continue to bring new solutions and new innovations to our customers, F5’s reach and role will continue to evolve. Our development teams continue to drive our Cloud-Native software and F5-as-a-Service platforms forward. These are two disruptive platforms that we are convinced will change the paradigm of application delivery. Both are well on track for first commercial availability in the first half of calendar 2019. And I have to tell you, I’m so proud of these teams. They have moved forward relentlessly and have taken these solutions from paper to reality in an incredibly short period of time. Both of these offerings are now at beta stage and in the hands of early customers providing feedback on initial features. At the same time, we’re moving full steam ahead with the internal digital transformation required to support our digital touch motions and ensure frictionless procurement and service renewals for our new offerings. It’s a different kind of innovation but innovation nonetheless. We believe that robust and constant innovation is a necessity for F5. So, we’re also innovating in new ways. For more than a year now, we have teams dedicated to focusing on testing new disruptive innovations in technology, business models or customer segments. Operating under the supervision of Tom Fountain, our Chief Strategy Officer, each team is led by general manager and staff with dedicated employees. We expect innovations will be complementary to our goal of delivering the broadest and most consistent portfolio of app services across cloud and on-premises environment. During Q1, we announced one of the first innovations to come from this program and the open beta of our Aspen Mesh solution. With the shift from monolithic to micro service architectures, a rapidly increasing number of applications are being deployed in container environments, yet there is still a need for services that help enterprises monitor, manage and control micro service based applications at run time. Aspen Mesh provides critical enterprise features in a platform built on top of Istio, so organizations enjoy the benefits of an open source approach without forgoing the features, support and guarantee needed to power enterprise applications. It’s very early days for this solution, but we've already got customers who are very interested in exploring it. These innovations represent incredible forward movement and speak to the drive and dedication of our global team. In closing, my thanks to the entire F5 team, our partners and our customers. We are excited about the progress we're making toward our long-term vision for F5. We are expanding our reach and our role, expanding our reach by taking our industry-leading solutions beyond traditional data centers and into private and public clouds, and expanding the role we play for applications by providing additional, high-value services. With that, we will now open the call to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Sami Badri of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Sami Badri: Hi. Thank you for the questions. First one to kick it off was just talking about your guidance for 1Q or calendar 1Q coming up, and it does not include any partial government shutdown in past, just as a clarification, I believe I heard that earlier. And then, a second piece of that is, if there is any customer impact so far from the U.S. partial government shutdown? That would be great color.
Frank Pelzer: Sure, Sami. So, it’s Frank. I’ll take that one first. So, to answer the second part of the question first. We have seen an impact, but it's not in probably the way that you might expect. We have actually won business but there's no one in the Central Procurement Agency to actually process the paperwork. And so, our guidance anticipates that this does not go on through the remainder of the quarter, but some of this is actually going to be there to process where we’ll find another route in which to process those orders. If we find that this continues to go throughout the quarter, we probably would expect some impact that is not anticipated in our guidance.
François Locoh-Donou: Just to complete that on the question. And no, we have not seen an impact outside of the federal government in our broader enterprise business to-date. 
Sami Badri: And then, my second question has to do with the GAAP services gross margins that continues to expand, and it continues to hit a record high as of this quarter. Can you walk us through what are the dynamics that are driving expansion? Could you potentially attribute the EPS beat in the quarter to both services margin expanding and on top of that the ELA that was reported in the quarter?
Frank Pelzer: Yes. So, the dynamics on the services business, there are essentially two initiatives we've put in place last year that are bearing fruits. Generally, there's a set of transmission initiatives we have in services, but specifically, we’re leveraging more tools and more AI tools and automation to deflect as many cases as possible where we can, and it's allowing us to how better efficiencies, better realization of our resources. We've also embarked on having a better distribution of our resources globally to support different geographies, and both of these efforts are benefitting in our gross margins.
Operator: Thank you. The next questions is from Samik Chatterjee of J.P. Morgan. Your line is now open.
Samik Chatterjee: François, I just wanted to start with the Horizon 1 targets that you have, which kind of you alluded to in terms of software growth of 30% to 35% this year. So, clearly, you’re expecting acceleration in the coming quarters. Just want to understand if you expect that to be more driven by the Cloud Edition product that you're ramping up on or is there also contribution kind of that you’re thinking of from the products that are coming up in terms of Cloud-Native apps as well as F5-as-a-Service coming through later this year, how are you thinking about kind of the driver of this acceleration in software this year?
François Locoh-Donou: Hi, Samik. Yes, we’re expecting an acceleration. Generally, we feel we are on track with this Horizon 1 target. So, for everybody’s benefit, we said in Horizon 1 which is 2019 and 2020, we expected software growth to be in the 30% to 35% range. And we still feel that when you look at these two years in aggregate, that’s where we’re going to be. So, there is going to be an acceleration. The contributors, Samik, in 2019, I do expect Cloud Edition to be a meaningful contributor to that growth. We have seen continued traction with Cloud Edition. We did actually more deals on Cloud Edition just in this past Q1 than we did for all of 2018. So, we are seeing a pick-up there. And I also expect that in 2019, we will see meaningful contributions from our new modes of consumption, specifically, these ELAs, these Enterprise License Agreements and the subscription models which are also gaining traction with our customers. The newer products that will be released in the first half of calendar ‘19, specifically the Cloud-Native app services platform and our F5-as-a-Service, SaaS offering, they will start contributing in 2019, but I would expect that the more meaningful contribution comes in 2020 for these lower propositions. 
Samik Chatterjee: Got it. And I just had a quick follow-up for Frank. Frank, the pace of repurchases moderate over the last -- what we’ve seen as a pace over the last year. Is that something procedural in terms of like blackout period et cetera, or is this more of a reflection of how you’re thinking about capital allocation this year?
Frank Pelzer: I think would just say, capital allocation, not just this year but just broadly how we think about our capital allocation strategy. We think cash is very strategic asset. And for the first time in a long time, we’re actually getting some decent interest rate return on it that we saw a beat on our other income. That's clearly not necessarily where we want to beat. We want to beat on the top-line but we will take it on the operating -- on the other income line as well. I think, share repurchase is one of several alternatives for our cash. Dividends are also a possibility, M&A is also a possibility and several other things. And so, we view this as strategic to the business. And we also believe we’re likely going to be in the 100 million to 150 million range for the quarters to come. So, I think that should be the expectation that you set. It’s what we baked into the guidance that we’ve given.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Paul Silverstein of Cowen. Your line is now open.
Paul Silverstein: If we could just focus on the telecom segment, François, if I’m looking at the numbers correctly, we’d have to go back over five years the last time telecom was as low. It looks like you’ve been around $76 million down from the $100-plus-million that prevailed throughout fiscal ‘18. That's the $30 plus million drop. I know you made some comments during the call but I was hoping you could give us some more insight in terms of what is going on in that segment and your expectations going forward?
François Locoh-Donou: So, generally, we had a soft quarter on service providers in Q1, and we actually expect the softness to prolong for a couple of quarters. The softness was particularly marked more in North America than globally. And I would say that generally what we're seeing is we’re in a bit of a transition between 4G and 5G where we had a number of projects -- 4G related projects that are kind of tailing off, and 5G related projects that haven't yet picked-up. We feel pretty good about our position for 5G because as 5G radios get deployed, we are going to be in line of that traffic. So, we expect to see potentially significant capacity upgrades down the road as that 5G traffic starts hitting the GI core. But, that's not in place yet, and we think we are seeing a bit of a transition from one to the other, and we’re in between. We also saw a couple of projects that we won in quarter that were pushed out that we think will pick up in the next quarter. But, if you look at the broader trend, which we also saw last quarter -- by the way, we’re soft in service providers in Q1 -- sorry, in our Q4, that is kind of a similar trend we’re seeing, this is transition between 4G and 5G.
Paul Silverstein: François, just to be clear, I understand it's hard to -- in situations like this, it’s hard to project or forecast. But, given the magnitude of the softness where again from the $100 million, $110 million quarterly run rate that has prevailed for the past three years, this dramatic fall off, is this -- do you have visibility that this is primarily or just a function of a 4G to 5G transition? How much of this is true insight, how much of this is speculation?
François Locoh-Donou: I would hope more of it is insight. I generally think we are experiencing -- we are already in the middle of this transition. Paul, of course, there are always areas you can look out and say look, there are areas where in terms of go-to-market we can execute better. In fact, we are in the process of hiring on the frontend of our business. In one area where we are actually doing significant hiring is in the service provider space, both in North America and internationally, because we see strong opportunity. We think that architecturally we are well-positioned. We’ve brought in a new GM, as you know, James Feger a few months back, and we’re getting a lot of clarity around some of the future developments we’re going to make. So, generally, I feel good about where our service provider business is going to go. But, I do think the softness we’re seeing is not going to go away in just a quarter or two. I think we're going to see that for few quarters.
Operator: The next question is from Alex Kurtz of Key Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Alex Kurtz: Yes. Thanks for taking the question, guys. Just on the ELA outlook. Can you just kind of reset for us how long the enterprise sales organization has been talking to your top enterprise accounts about ELAs? And what’s your multiyear outlook for ELAs as far as adoption within your enterprise accounts, your service provider accounts, and kind of what it’s done maybe to deal size, share wins? Any kind of qualitative, quantitative feedback? How long it’s been in the system for the sales organization and kind of what outcomes you’re seeing from it?
François Locoh-Donou: Thanks, Alex. I'll start and then I will ask Chad Whalen to add in terms of the pick-up with the sales team. Last year, we introduced the ELAs just last year; and really in 2018 we’re essentially experimenting with the sales motion. We’ve now launched it as of November to our sales team and we’re seeing significant excitement and traction with it. In terms of your question around the multiyear outlook for ELAs, I would say we expect over time in our Horizon 2 for a meaningful portion of our software business, if not the majority of the time to be ELA or subscription based. And we will see that we believe both in the enterprise base and to some extent in the service provider -- in the service provider space. So, it is a meaningful and important development for us. It gives our customers a lot more flexibility around where they deploy their licenses. And when they have uncertainty around the lifecycle of an application or the amount of capacity they’ll need for some application, it's a great vehicle for them to deal with that uncertainty, and it also allows them to consume much faster because they don’t have to deal with multiple procurement cycles. So, for the first ELAs that we have signed, we’re actually seeing a good opportunity to expand on those ELAs when we renew them sometimes in 2019.
Alex Kurtz: And just to clarify, every account exec can quote out ELA or is it just in certain pods and certain verticals?
Chad Whalen: Yes. Hi, Alex. This is Chad Whalen. Yes, every account exec can and does quote out ELA. And in fact, we just launched an aggressive incentive campaign for all of them. And that's really driven appreciable increase to the pipeline of opportunities. At the end of the day, our customers are really embracing this vehicle because it’s an easy commercial construct to consume our services in any kind of mode that they want across the different application suites. Whether it's on-prem or in the cloud, it’s a great vehicle that can take away some of the complexity as they’re going through these digital transformations. In terms of the adoption from our sales team, it takes time to get the motion right in the market, understanding how to size it from a customer perspective and take friction out of that process. What we're seeing now after we’ve spent the time that François talked about in terms of pressure testing and learning last year, we are getting a lot more velocity in the motion and we are seeing that translate into the pipeline of opportunities now and in the future quarters.
Operator: The next question is from Jim Suva of Citi. Your line is now open.
Jim Suva: When you mentioned about your Cloud-Native solutions without having to buy F5 hardware, could you walk us through such transactions and specifically some economics of it, dollar amount, gross margins or just generally how we should think about that and the premise if this continues increase? Is there any way for us to frame about the detriment to the hardware and the uptick on the software and the impact to margins and dollars?
François Locoh-Donou: Let's start with margins. As you know, our gross margins in hardware are in the early 80s and our gross margins on Cloud-Native software by -- bought as package software are going to be in the early 90s. So, there is not a huge difference. We said in our guidance that in our Horizon 2, which was 2021, 2022, we potentially would see a bit of an uptick in gross margin. We’re in the 85% range now and we would be in the 85% to 87% range in that horizon. As it relates to the price or the top-line impact of it, the equitation is actually fairly simple for us. The hardware today, primarily what our customers consume today before introduction of our Cloud Edition was hardware and Virtual Editions. These have been largely consumed on-prem, though we have a very rapid growth now happening in the cloud. The new package software products that we are releasing, the Cloud Edition that came out last year and this Cloud-Native Application Services platform that's coming out in the first half of ‘19, those are opening up new use cases and allowing us to address applications that we have not addressed in the past that would characterize as the longer tail of applications. The price per unit for each of those applications is going to be less than when you are buying a big unit of hardware, of course, but the volume of applications we can address is much greater. And so, we look at it as an extension of our addressable market. And we think that largely these new platforms address an incremental market and an incremental opportunity for us.
Operator: Next question is from Simon Leopold of Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Simon Leopold: I wanted to come back to the topic of capital allocation. The Company up until this most recent quarter has been pretty steadily buying back at least 150 million. And then with the renewal, you updated [technical difficulty] additional billion. I wanted to see if we can better understanding of the Board's logic and your logic for why wouldn’t you institute a dividend of perhaps a 3% or 4% yield. That can give you some wiggle room of maybe 75 million to 100 million per quarter, if you go to a dividend and be attractive to our larger set of shareholders. Could you help us understand that?
François Locoh-Donou: Yes, Simon. Look, I will bring you back Simon to what we said at our Analyst Investor Meeting in March. We are pursuing a growth strategy and we laid out what we think the financials are of that growth strategy. And part of that we said is we want to use our cash as a strategic asset to pursue that growth, some of which could be used potentially for acquisitions. And so, we want to have that flexibility if we see opportunities in the market to accelerate our growth or de-risk part of our plan to take the opportunity and use our cash, the strategic asset to do that. And we don’t want to lose that flexibility because that’s the strategy we’re pursuing. 
Simon Leopold: And could you just maybe outline your acquisition philosophy in terms of what type or size of deals would you be biased towards technology tuck-in or larger deals that might require the Company actually take on debt? 
François Locoh-Donou: Simon, here is what I would share with you about our philosophy as it relates to acquisitions. We feel that we have a significant opportunity to extend our reach in terms of being able to reach every application anywhere. We think the world is becoming more application centric. We believe our growth is going to be linked to applications. And we want to reach every application anywhere. In addition to that, we offer a number of app services today. And we believe we have an opportunity because of our position to offer more application services and extend our role. We will look at acquisitions that allow us to accelerate the expansion of our reach or the expansion of our role. And when you look at it within the context, we may look at things that are what you would call tuck-ins or even acqui hires or small acquisition and-or there may be opportunities for things that are bigger. We’re not constrained and we’re not looking at it just in terms of is it small or big. We’re really looking at it in terms of, is there a strategic fit. The most important thing for me, as we go through and potentially explore these opportunities, is to make sure that we remain disciplined about it, disciplined in terms of course being continuing to focus on organic innovation as our first priority and discipline in making sure that if and when we make an acquisition that we have truly thought through how we create value from having the asset inside of F5 as opposed to outside. And as a result of that we have a very strong value creation plan through a transaction.
Operator: The next question is from Jason Ader of William Blair. Your line is now open.
Jason Ader: I have two questions. First, can you comment on the federal strength? It looks like that grew about 30% year-over-year and love to get any comments on what's happening there. And then, secondly, François, could you remind us the difference between the Cloud Edition and the upcoming Cloud-Native app services platform just so we can kind of level set the differentiation there?
François Locoh-Donou: I will take the first question and Kara will take the second one. We generally have a strong fourth quarter on federal. So, we have a good quarter there. We saw specific traction in security in that space, and specifically with our SSL orchestration solution. So, we announced in 2018 that we were coming to market with new solutions to provide encryption, decryption of SSL traffic and build the chain services for security stack inside of large enterprise customers. We’re seeing traction actually across the enterprise base for this, we’re very excited about the pipeline we have for these solution. And our federal team was early off the blocks with the solution. And as a result, we had a pretty strong quarter there.
Kara Sprague: And with regard to your question about the difference between Cloud Edition and our Cloud-Native Application Services, I'll call out a few of the distinctions. Our Cloud Edition is based on our industry-leading BIG-IP application delivery controller platform. And so, what that is, is effectively our virtual addition, which is license and a per app model to allow for isolation of services for those application services with our BIG-IQ centralized manager solution. And that enables a whole bunch of new used cases for our customers including things like operating dedicated instances for each of their applications, so it’s the per app model, as well as application trouble shooting such that application developers no longer have to go through tedious ticketing processes to get things examined in terms if applications go down. Another component of the Cloud Edition is that something that is really targeted for our customers that have already invested heavily in our BIG-IP platform and want to extend the reach of that platform to more applications in their environment. Now, in contrast the Cloud-Native Application Services will be a pure software-based solution; it will be only available as a software subscription; and that will be targeted to more of a developer and a DevOps audience and is intended to provide very easy-to-use, very intuitive insertion of application services into applications at the time of the application inception, which means that it will come out with very strong integration into CI and CD pipeline. 
Operator: The next question is from Tal Liani of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Tal Liani: I wanted to discuss the slowdown you discussed in the prepared remarks. I still don’t understand if the slowdown is -- it's more limited to just service providers, telecom service providers, kind of slowing down purchases? And then, why is it there just there and/or the government and what about the general enterprise, what do you see in the general enterprise? I'm trying to understand if also during the quarter, if you noticed the slowdown throughout the quarter or it deteriorated kind of what was the seasonality within the quarter?
François Locoh-Donou: So, let's take the three segments that you brought up. So, no, in the federal space, we did not see a slowdown. Frank mentioned to you the situation we have right now where we have one business that cannot be processed but we hope this resolves itself over the next few weeks. So, no change in the federal government space. Largely in the enterprise, if I look at it globally, I would also say that generally there has been no change in buying behavior. We do hear from our customers that they are watching the microenvironment and being a bit cautious about their future plans. But that potential cautiousness hasn’t translated yet into any change in buying behavior as being general enterprise space across the globe. In the service provider space, as I said, it was a -- I believe the transition we’re seeing between 4G and 5G and specifics to what we are seeing in terms of projects tailing off and net new projects haven’t really picked up yet. There wasn’t a particular linearity. As we know, the service provider business can be quite lumpy. So, there wasn’t a particular linearity in the quarter associated with that.
Tal Liani: Now 5G has a lot of edge data centers, how do you participate in edge data centers? Is it playing to your strength or is it going to be more generic solutions from other vendors?
François Locoh-Donou: So, we participate potentially in several ways in 5G but the first way is we’re in line of a lot of the core traffic for mobile service providers. And 5G, really those are going to bring more traffic on to this core. And so, we expect to see capacity upgrades, as a result of these deployments. When the architectures evolve to a different 5G core and not every service provider will go through a 5G core but when the architectures evolve to that, I think we will have an opportunity to expand our role, and we will get into that in future calls. But, generally, we see ourselves having a probably an expanded role in 5G from what we have to-date.
Tal Liani: So, far we discussed just the demand side, not the supply side, just the customers and verticals. What about the supply side, what about your portfolio, what are the plans for 2019 in terms of product launches and things that are coming out to the market, and what do you think is going to -- could have the potential of changing the growth trajectory, more materially than other things?
François Locoh-Donou: Your question Tal is specific to service providers... 
Tal Liani: No. My question is more general. We spoke about the demand based on verticals. But now, my question is about the supply, meaning your product portfolio changes your planning for 2019. Could you just give us kind of an outlook given that we’re at the beginning of the year, changes your paying for 2019, things that you think could be material more material than other things you're offering, et cetera? 
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. So, a couple of things, Tal. The first thing, if we’re looking at it in the context of 2019 are actually products and solutions that we’ve brought to market in the six months that are going to ramp up through the year. And I would point to three. One is, our Advanced Web Applications Firewall gaining a lot of traction. We had actually a very strong security quarter. We are specifically -- as you know bot defense has become a very important theme for both service providers and enterprises. And our performance and differentiation on bot is unique and we believe unmatched in the industry. That’s one and that’s -- we offer that on our Advanced WAF today. And we’re bringing more features and products around bot defense throughout the year. Second is Cloud Edition, I’ve talked about that. That will also continue to ramp throughout the year. And third is the new security offering around SSL orchestration. We had that offering in the past but it was an offering that required significant involvement of professional services. We just released the solution that can be deployed much faster and much easier by our customers and we’re seeing enormous traction with our solution. So I expect all of these things to contribute to 2019. I expect our NFV operating that we also released in the fourth quarter of 2018 to contribute to our numbers in the service provider space in 2019. And then we’re going to release new products that I talked about, in the first half of 2019, which will start to contribute but again will have a bigger in 2020. When you work at it in aggregate, to use your term, Tal, on the supply side, I think we have an exciting pipeline of products and offerings that are going to contribute to the top line going forward.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Catharine Trebnick of Dougherty. Your line is now open.
Catharine Trebnick: Can you talk a little bit about Avi Networks? Four or five -- five years ago, we always heard A10 nipping at your heels. And the last six months, the buzz on Avi has picked-up. And can you tell us maybe or quantify the number -- types of use cases that you run-up against then, and then what's your strategy to outflank them?
François Locoh-Donou: So, specifically, so, we’re dismissive of any of our competitor, however small they may be. And so, in the case of Avi, we don’t see them that often. When we do see them we actually like our win rate. And that's -- we probably haven't seen them as much because we haven't played in the long tail of applications as much as we are going to be playing in the long tail of applications in 2019. And as I mentioned earlier, both on our Cloud Edition and the Cloud-Native App Services platform that Kara described, we’re bringing to the market a per app consumption model as well as really lightweight, nimble, Cloud-Native combined with our overall capabilities and service and support and scale, and a heritage of two decades of supporting mission-critical applications for our customers. And we don’t think anybody is going to match that anytime soon. And so, we actually feel very confident about competing with them, when we see them, because again, it's frankly not a very frequent occurrence. 
Operator: The next question is from Rod Hall of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Rod Hall: You mentioned earlier, I think, François, that you guys at least want to reserve some capital for acquisitions or maybe that's part of that capital plan. I'm just wonder could you talk a little bit about technology areas where you would like to expand the business in places where you think you may have deficiencies or are you thinking more something aimed at the core of the business? I mean, just kind of help us understand without giving us I guess too much, what sorts of areas you might be interested in. And then, I have a follow-up.
François Locoh-Donou: Yes, Rod. So, this one is difficult one, as you can imagine. I would tell you, if you look at our expansion of reach and role, you will see that expanding our reach revolves more around software and cloud; and expanding our role revolves more around other application services that we might want to offer. And so, those would be, if you think about the horizon and the way we look at world and the filters we use, those are the filters that I would give you today for what we might do if in fact we find something that is of interest to us.
Rod Hall: Can you say which of those two reach or role is more strategically important?
François Locoh-Donou: Both are.
Rod Hall: Okay. And then, just a housekeeping question. Do you have a minimum cash balance that you guys feel like you need to run the business?
Frank Pelzer: Rod, I think we generally think of probably in the $400 million to $500 million range.
Rod Hall: Okay. If you’re kind of there, Frank, is that right?
Frank Pelzer: I’m sorry. What do you mean there? We certainly have got more than our minimum. Yes, we’ve got 1.55 billion.
Rod Hall: Okay, of your total cash and investment, so you can run that down to 400 or 500 comfortably; below that you wouldn’t be comfortable?
Frank Pelzer: That’s right.
Operator: Thank you, Rod. So, with that, it was the last question for today’s conference. And that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-10-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Suzanne DuLong - F5 Networks, Inc. François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc. Francis J. Pelzer - F5 Networks, Inc.
Analysts: Rod Hall - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC James E. Fish - Piper Jaffray & Co. Sami Badri - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Jason N. Ader - William Blair & Co. LLC Alex Kurtz - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Samik X. Chatterjee - JPMorgan Securities LLC Tal Liani - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Paul Silverstein - Cowen & Co. LLC Simon M. Leopold - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5 Networks' fourth quarter and fiscal 2018 financial results conference call. At this time all parties will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer portion. Also today's conference is being recorded if anyone has any objections please disconnect at this time. I'd now like to turn the call over to Ms. Suzanne DuLong. You may proceed.
Suzanne DuLong - F5 Networks, Inc.: Hello, and welcome. I'm Suzanne DuLong, F5's Vice President of Investor Relations. François Locoh-Donou, F5's President and CEO; and Frank Pelzer, F5's Executive Vice President and CFO, will be making prepared remarks on today's call. Other members of the F5 executive team are also on hand to answer questions during the Q&A portion of the call. A copy of today's press release is available on our website at www.F5.com where an archived version of today's call also will be available through January 23, 2019. The telephonic replay of today's discussion will be available through midnight Pacific Time on October 25 and can be accessed by dialing 866-397-1432 or 203-369-0539. For additional information or follow-up questions, please reach out to me directly, at sdulong@F5.com. Our discussion today will contain forward-looking statements which includes words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in the press release announcing our financial results and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. With that, I'll turn the call over to François.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Suzanne, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Overall, we executed and overachieved our 2018 plan and continued to align to our Horizon 1 and Horizon 2 goals, driving growth and strong operational results across the business during the fourth quarter. We're seeing significant traction for the long-term vision we outlined in our March 2018 Analyst and Investor Day and furthering momentum in software and security sales. Customers continue to view our solutions as mission-critical in hybrid environments as they deploy incremental workloads, dynamically both on-premises and in cloud environments. Our product revenue growth continued in Q4 with products delivering 3% growth led by software. Public cloud continues to be our strongest software growth area with an increasing demand for security solutions. We expect our Cloud-Native offerings will allow us to extend that growth and expand our public cloud reach in 2019. In addition, we continued to see strong customer response to our recently-launched ELA and Virtual Edition subscription consumption models. Good initial deal closure and strong pipeline growth indicates this new consumption model will be especially important with our new cloud offerings including BIG-IP Cloud Edition. Systems continued to show resilience with growth opportunities in certain geographies including China and Latin America and with customers that want to control and manage the end-to-end application delivery solution and certain high-performance use cases. Rounding out the business drivers, our services business continues to perform well, delivering 6% growth in the quarter. We are seeing consistently strong attach rates on maintenance and driving continued year-over-year deferred revenue growth. We're particularly proud of our continued world-class customer satisfaction scores reflecting our relentless commitment to our customers and their increasingly complex application deployments. I will speak more on some of the customer wins and use cases in the quarter later in our prepared remarks, but right now I'll hand the call to Frank to review our Q4 and fiscal year 2018 results and our outlook for the first quarter of fiscal 2019. Frank?
Francis J. Pelzer - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, François. As François noted, we drove strong financial and operating results in Q4 and for the year. Fourth quarter revenue of $563 million, was up approximately 5% year-over-year, above the midpoint of our guided range of $555 million to $565 million. GAAP EPS of $2.18 per share was well above our guidance of $1.77 to $1.80 per share. Non-GAAP EPS of $2.90 per share was also well above our guidance of $2.61 to $2.64 per share. The beats for GAAP and non-GAAP EPS were driven largely by strength in revenue, expense discipline and lower-than-expected effective tax rates. Q4 product revenue of $256 million was up 3% year-over-year and accounted for approximately 46% of total revenue. Software was approximately 17% of product revenue and grew more than 19% year-over-year. Systems revenue made up approximately 83% of product revenue and grew 18 basis points year-over-year. Services revenue of $306 million grew 6% year-over-year and represented approximately 54% of total revenue. On a regional basis in Q4, Americas grew 1% year-over-year and represented 55% of total revenue. EMEA revenue grew 8% year-over-year and accounted for 25% of overall revenue. APAC revenue grew 11% year-over-year and accounted for 15% of total revenue, while Japan grew 15% year-over-year and accounted for 5% of total revenue. Sales to enterprise customers represented 66% of total sales during the quarter. Service providers accounted for 18% and government sales were 16%, including 7% from U.S. federal. In Q4, we had four greater than 10% distributors, Ingram Micro which accounted for 18% of total revenue, Tech Data which accounted for 11%, and Westcon and Arrow each at 10%. Let's now turn to operating results. GAAP gross margin in Q4 was 83.4%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 84.7%. Both GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins were slightly better than our expectations, driven by strength in services margin as we continue to leverage automation to optimize our support organization. Last quarter, we took steps to further align investment with our transformation to a leading provider of multi-cloud application services. Specifically, we are accelerating investment in our roadmap and market development efforts in the fastest-growing opportunities of our business, cloud and security. As a result, we took $20.9 million in restructuring and facility exit charges during Q4 which are reflected in our GAAP results. GAAP operating expenses of $316 million were below our $317 million to $329 million guided range, driven largely by operating efficiency and lower-than-expected restructuring expenses. Non-GAAP operating expenses were within our guided range at $263 million. Our GAAP operating margin in Q4 was 27.3% and non-GAAP operating margin was 38%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 16.6%, lower than anticipated due to tax benefits associated with our stock-based compensation expense in the quarter. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 19.2%. GAAP and non-GAAP effective rates also benefited from year-end adjustments related to our domestic tax filings as well as our mix of profits in lower tax rate jurisdictions. Turning to the balance sheet, in Q4 we generated $204 million in cash flow from operations which contributed to cash and investments totaling $1.45 billion at year-end. DSO at the end of the quarter was 47 days. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $17.4 million. Inventory at the end of the quarter was $30.6 million. Deferred revenue increased 5.3% year-over-year to just over $1 billion. On employees, our restructuring initiative in Q4 impacted approximately 215 employees. Executing on our plan to invest in our strategic growth initiatives, during the quarter, we hired 150 employees and ended the quarter with approximately 4,410 employees, down approximately 65 people from Q3. We continue to hire aggressively in our growth areas. In Q4, we repurchased approximately 864,000 shares of our common stock at an average price of $173.69 per share for a total of $150 million. Quickly recapping our fiscal year results, for the full year, total revenue grew 3.4% to $2.16 billion. Product revenue of $960 million decreased 0.5% from the prior-year and accounted for 44% of total revenue. Within product revenue, software revenue grew 23% while systems revenue declined 4% over the same period. Services revenue of $1.2 billion, grew approximately 6.7% during the year and represented 56% of the total. GAAP net income for FY 2018 was $454 million or $7.32 per share, and non-GAAP net income was $612 million or $9.87 per share. In FY 2018, cash flow from operations totaled $761 million and capital expenditures were $53 million. Now, let me share our guidance for fiscal Q1 of FY 2019. Unless otherwise stated, please note that all of my comments reference non-GAAP operating metrics. Overall, we remain confident in our position in the market and in the growth opportunities for the business with solid software momentum. We believe the long-term trend toward multi-cloud environment is strong and will be a fundamental growth driver for the solutions we offer today and those we will launch in 2019. With this in mind, as well as factoring in our normal seasonality, for the first quarter of FY 2019 we are targeting revenue in the range of $542 million to $552 million. We expect gross margins at or around 85%. We estimate operating expenses of $265 million to $277 million. We anticipate our effective tax rate for the year will be between 21% and 22% with some fluctuation quarter-to-quarter. Our Q1 earnings target is $2.51 to $2.54 per share. In the quarter, we expect share-based compensation expense of approximately $39 million and $2 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. Finally, as has been our practice, we want to provide you with broad modeling assumptions for FY 2019 fiscal year. As we discussed in March at our Investor Conference, we are tracking to our Horizon 1 outlook with our FY 2019 operating plan. For FY 2019, from the base of Q1, we anticipate sequential revenue growth throughout the year. We anticipate gross margins at or around 85% for the year. We expect operating margin in the mid-30s range, in line with recent year's results, moving down slightly in Q2 and Q3 from Q1 and ending Q4 in the upper 30s. Stock-based compensation is anticipated to be in the range of $155 million to $165 million for the year. Capital expenditures are expected to range from $110 million to $130 million for the year. This range includes approximately $70 million in costs related to our previously-announced move of our corporate headquarters to F5 Tower in Downtown Seattle as we ready the space for occupancy this year. With that, I will turn the call back over to François. François?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Frank. As you can see we're making good progress. I'll spend a few minutes highlighting some customer wins and use cases from the quarter, then I'll conclude our prepared remarks with comments about drivers for fiscal 2019 and our evolution to a multi-cloud application services company. The first customer win I'll talk to, Spotlight's F5 role in network function virtualization. During the quarter, a large Tier 1 service provider selected F5 in an initial 5G VNF deployment based on overall performance in our Virtual Edition platform's ability to consolidate various functions within the core. Importantly, the customer expects to use this as the baseline for their future virtualized core designs. I mentioned in my earlier remarks that we continued to see good acceptance of our new ELA and subscription consumption models which are another element of F5's multi-cloud value proposition, offering customers insurance against the uncertainties associated with cloud deployment, including providing timeline flexibility. As an example, we secured an ELA deal in Q4 with a North American healthcare infrastructure provider who provides a software-as-a-service offering. An existing F5 customer, this customer required the same level of F5 application services they had on-prem as they moved to the public cloud. The ELA structure was important because it provided the agility they needed as they scaled their offerings over time. An added bonus, F5's ability to provide multiple services, enabled the customer to consolidate several security elements of their existing infrastructure. Turning to our security offerings, Advanced Web Application Firewall, or Advanced WAF, continues on a solid growth trajectory. F5's Advanced WAF provides a powerful set of security features that keep web applications safe from attack. In one deployment during the quarter, we replaced a competitor in a Virtual Edition software environment specifically because of our bot detection and mitigation capabilities. We were also deployed by a managed care provider who is moving to the public cloud to reduce the time to turn up new customer applications. We worked with the customer to move critical applications from shared F5 appliances to dedicated high-performance Virtual Editions, extending the same on-prem policies to their cloud deployments and replacing Application Security Manager, or ASM, with Advanced WAF on the existing F5 appliances while deploying Virtual Editions with Advanced WAF to support new applications in the public cloud. This customer will also deploy our BIG-IP Cloud Edition to support new apps going into the public cloud. And these are just a few examples of wins the sales team is driving. Let me close our remarks today with some thoughts about fiscal 2019. Last quarter, we spoke to our efforts to repurpose investment, to focus on growth areas and ensure our product development and sales efforts were aligned with our most significant growth opportunities. As Frank noted, we're adding resources in priority areas and expanding our software portfolio and stand-alone security products. As a result, we've got several new drivers to look toward in fiscal 2019. One of these drivers is our BIG-IP Cloud Edition. A bundle of our BIG-IQ Centralized Manage solution and BIG-IP Virtual Edition sold on a per-app basis. Cloud Edition helps us address a large subset of applications by reducing the total cost of ownership of providing application services while providing more applications management. We have strong conviction that Cloud Edition is addressing new use cases and will be instrumental in expanding our multi-cloud platform strategy. While not yet a material contributor to our revenue, the platform's ability to provide a single management console for both on-prem and cloud application services is resonating strongly with customers and the regional demand we saw for the product immediately following its release in April 2018 has now turned global. We are seeing strong interest and demand across all our territories and we expect sales activity to increase in fiscal 2019 as we build customer references. In our security portfolio, we've got a new, stand-alone version of SSL Orchestrator scheduled for release in December. The amount of SSL traffic is growing rapidly, requiring customers to use significant resources to break and inspect for security purposes. F5's SSL Orchestrator has gained strong traction as a solution on a range of F5 platforms and we expect its availability as a stand-alone product to enable increased penetration with security buyers. Designed to optimize customers SSL infrastructure by providing security devices with highly efficient visibility of SSL encrypted traffic, it also supports policy-based management and steering of traffic to existing security devices through service chaining. This makes it easy to integrate into existing architectures, enabling customers to easily apply corporate security controls to all their encrypted traffic. We're already building a strong pipeline for the stand-alone SSL Orchestrator offering, particularly with enterprise and government customers and the sales team is very excited about the opportunity to drive additional growth in new buying centers. We are also making good progress with both our F5-as-a-Service and Cloud-Native platforms. When we spoke about F5-as-a-Service at our Analyst and Investor event in March of 2018, we said we expected to launch in 2019. At this point, I am pleased to say we are on track for first commercial availability in the first half of calendar 2019 and are starting to build pilots for lighthouse customers. In concert, we are working internally to build the muscle that will enable us to target the expanded customer set we expect this product will appeal to. Our internal digital transformation efforts include expanding our digital touch motion to ensure frictionless procurement and service renewals. At the March Investor event, we also highlighted the investment we're making to deliver Cloud-Native Application Services in FY 2019. This program is also on track for launch in the first half of calendar 2019. Our innovation teams have built-up functionality that enable the intelligent traffic management services and an API-first interaction model across select private and public clouds. I've seen the product demos and I am looking forward to sharing more as we progress with our efforts to unlock latent demand through lighter weight offerings optimized for CICD workflows. In addition to pushing forward with our multi-cloud focus solution set, we're also building our public cloud expertise. I am pleased to announce that Barry Russell has joined F5 from AWS to succeed Chad Whalen in leading our cloud sales team. Barry is a business development, sales and operational leader who brings us 20-plus years of experience. Most recently, Barry was General Manager of Global Business Development and sale operations for the AWS Marketplace and Service Catalog where he built the AWS Marketplace ISV ecosystem and digital software catalog. Barry's prior leadership roles include Business Development and Service Provider, Sales leadership with Microsoft, as well as roles at Nivio and Level 3 Communications and we're very excited to have him onboard to further F5's expansion into multi-cloud opportunities globally. Barry joins another former AWS colleague, Venu Aravamudan, who joined F5 in fiscal 2018 to lead our F5-as-a-Service business. Venu is a seasoned software executive and expert in cloud computing with leadership experience spanning product development, product management, program management and product and solutions marketing. His leading edge experience with public cloud services and infrastructure platforms, services development, deployment and operations and enterprise IT transformation to cloud made him ideal to lead our F5-as-a-Service program. Prior to joining F5 in 2018, Venu was General Manager in the Amazon Relational Database Services unit and previously held leadership roles at Limelight Networks, VMware and Microsoft. We're excited to have both Barry and Venu's cloud expertise at F5. In closing, I'd reiterate that we're making meaningful progress toward our long-term vision for F5 with continued momentum in software and security solutions. My thanks to the entire F5 team and our partners for the progress we've made. As a team, we're excited about the year ahead and we look forward to reporting on our continued progress in fiscal 2019. With that, we will now open the call to Q&A.
Suzanne DuLong - F5 Networks, Inc.: Hello and welcome. I'm Suzanne DuLong, F5's Vice President. Madeline, could you open the call for Q&A please?
Operator: Thank you, we'll now begin the question-answer session. And our first question comes from the line of Rod Hall of Goldman Sachs. You may proceed.
Rod Hall - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yeah. Hi, guys. Thanks for the question. I just have a couple. I wanted to I guess first ask about software sales growth and I needed healthy sequential growth there, but it's kind of decelerating a little bit and not sure what we should be reading into that. We only have a couple quarters here but we calculate year-on-year growth at 19% down from 24% last quarter so just trying to figure out what do you guys think the right growth trajectory for software is, is the first question. And then the second thing that I wanted to ask about is just tariffs and really, production. Where are you producing product and how much of it is in China? And if there is any in China, what your plans maybe to move out of China would be? So if you could address that, it would be great. Thank you.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Hi, Rod. Thanks for the questions. I'll take your question on software and Frank will take your question on manufacturing in China. So the first thing, Rod, on software, I'll tell you, no, you should not read anything into the 19%. I am very excited about where we're at on software generally and where we're going into 2019, but the context for the Q4 19% is first of all our software as a percentage of overall revenue is still relatively small, so as I shared last quarter it can be lumpy from quarter-to-quarter but the general trends are going to be what we said. We specifically, for this quarter, we had a tough compare to Q4 of 2017 which was a big software quarter, and I think that's part of what you're seeing in this growth rate that's a little less than last quarter, but if you look overall, in Q4 17% was, sorry, software was 17% of product revenues were up from 15% in prior quarters and as a percentage of the mix we're on trajectory to achieve our Horizon 1 goals. I said I'm very excited for where we're at on software and that's because of what I foresee is going to be happening in 2019. So at our analyst conference, we said we would be in Horizon 1 which was 2019 and 2020, we said we would see software growth that would be in the 30% to 35% range and I feel confident we're going to be in that range. We've got a lot of things driving software growth in 2019. First of all, I'll point to just three of them. First of all, we're seeing really good momentum on our ELAs, these Enterprise License Agreements. They're driving a larger deal size and they're also allowing us to expand our use cases and start to take footprint from either Cloud-Native or different open source or virtual ADC competitors with this new model of consumption so that's going to drive growth in software. Our Cloud Edition is ramping very well from the first four months we've had in the market so we expect a meaningful contribution of Cloud Edition in 2019, and then as you probably heard from the script, we also have new products that are coming now in the first half of 2019, both F5-as-a-Service and our Cloud-Native App Services platform. So we've got very good drivers in 2019 and I expect we're going to be in the range that we discussed for Horizon 1. Frank, on the, China?
Francis J. Pelzer - F5 Networks, Inc.: Sure. So Rod, in relation to your question on tariffs, unrelated to any sort of trade war escalation, we actually had a plan to move our production manufacturing from China to Mexico which we completed that transfer in FY 2018 and so we're all done and complete with that. We've actually taken a look at where the tariffs are today, and the impact that would have on our FY 2019 operating plan. It's approximately $1 million of additional cost based off the tariffs, but then we've already baked into our operating plan and the guidance we've given you.
Rod Hall - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Can you just follow that one up because this may be instructed for other companies as well. You guys have already made that move. Did you find it – I mean we didn't really see it in the numbers so it seems to have gone pretty smoothly. Did you find it had any impact on your inventories or anything else in the business or did you find it pretty easy to do? I guess I'm just curious about that.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Look, Rod we started this move last year, in the early part of last year. I think the team just – kudos to our, both our supply chain and manufacturing team, they executed very well on the move and no we did not have any impact on inventories. Frankly we made the move while staying with the same contract manufacturer and so it was the same CM that was supporting us in China, that is supporting us in Mexico and I think that made things smoother and so generally there's been no impact and we have – continue to have very high-quality of the outputs that are coming both out of the China manufacturing environment and the Mexico manufacturing environment.
Rod Hall - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Appreciate that. Thanks, François. Thanks for the answers on software too. It was very helpful.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Rod.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of James Fish of Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
James E. Fish - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hey guys. Good quarter and thanks for the questions here. I would say, I would like to start off on sort of the billings here and the deferred revenue. Billings were down about 1.5% year-over-year, it was actually down sequentially in a seasonally strong quarter. The implication would be that it was on the maintenance side, given the upside on the product here. I know, François, you talked about the strength of renewals and attach, but I guess were you having to discount more on the maintenance? And then just along with that, as we're thinking about 2019, what's the impact of adopting ASC-606 with guidance here?
Francis J. Pelzer - F5 Networks, Inc.: Sure. So Jim, it's Frank. I'm going to take both of those. Let me start first with the deferred question. On the deferred revenue, we actually have a very simple explanation on that. We saw at the end of the quarter, a few customers with some larger renewals that just were trying to manage their own cash and so you're going to see that reverse itself in Q1. And then on the ASC-606, we have a very, very small deminimus impact, frankly, from the change to – ASC-605 to ASC-606 that we've discussed in our financial statements for the past couple of years and so the guidance that we've given reflects the ASC-606 impact but it is very minimal, and we see the same attach rates and do not see any unusual discounting in the maintenance.
James E. Fish - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. Great. And then just one more for me. Any sense to how pricing changes or any more color you can give? I know we talked about it a little bit at the Analyst Day but any color between the appliance version, compared to the BIG-IP Cloud version that's coming? I get that gross margins improve as it is software but are we talking about a 20% to 30% price reduction?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: No. So James, let me make sure we're aligned here. So generally, you'll see that our average deal size hasn't changed. It's still in the 120k range and it has been for the last several quarters. What you're talking about is a sort of unit price of a Virtual Edition, a classic Virtual Edition of F5 versus the new Cloud Edition. The new Cloud Edition on a per unit basis is a fraction of a price of the Virtual Edition, but remember that a Virtual Edition typically support anywhere between five and 10 applications and a Cloud Edition is bought on a per-application basis. And so what we're seeing in the initial deals that we've done on Cloud Edition is that the number of apps that are supported is significant and so overall, there's no impact on the deal size. It's about the same deal size as what it's been on Virtual Edition. It's just a different consumption model that allows more flexibility for the user to manage their infrastructure on a per-app basis.
James E. Fish - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great. Thanks, guys.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, James.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sami Badri of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Sami Badri - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Thank you for the question. I wanted to get a better idea on the multi-cloud deployments. I just wanted to get an understanding of some of your customers and their behavior. When they decide to come back to you for more product and they decided to move into a multi-cloud architecture, on a net-net basis, are they actually buying more physical ADCs or more ADCs in general to deploy a multi-cloud architecture or is it about the same number of units when they conduct that kind of deployment?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: All right. So Sami, let's just say that in general, I would say there are a couple of scenarios in those deployments. We have a lot of customers that are buying a traditional hardware motion and are adding to that Virtual Editions on-prem. That's kind of our classic deployment model. What we're seeing is more and more, these customers also want to deploy their infrastructure in multiple public clouds and their desire is to manage all these instances of ADCs as part of a single portfolio and ideally through a single pane of glass. Our ELAs enable them to do that and give them the flexibility to consume as many licenses as they want, of software and whether they put these licenses on-prem or in the public cloud. The initial – and I'm talking about software purely right now, the initial view we're seeing from the consumption of these ELAs is very strong, i.e., they signed up for a minimum amount of consumption and we're seeing in the early months of consumption that they're well on track to exceed that minimal amount of consumption which bodes well for true-up in the future. What we've seen as it relates to hardware is that generally, customers that use us in a multi-cloud deployment scenario overall spend more with us than customers that use us just in our traditional hardware deployment models. So that's, I think, how I would frame it for you. The overall spend for a multi-cloud customer is larger than one that is not or one that is pure hardware.
Sami Badri - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got it. Thank you and then just as a follow-up to that. Do you see very similar services revenue attach to those same type of deployments or is it a little bit different?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: No, it's very similar. The only difference, Sami, is that when a customer signs up for an ELA or a subscription, their services is part of the subscription and so it will show up for us in our product revenues, whereas in a model where they bought the hardware as a perpetual license and separately they bought maintenance that services would show up in our services revenue. So there is a difference in terms of whether services revenue is going to be accounted for, but in terms of the, if you will, total customer spend, it's the same or potentially in terms of the amount of money they're spending on services, it's the same or potentially larger if we are successful with the renewal and the expansions that we're seeing in the early days.
Sami Badri - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tim Long from BMO capital. Your line is now open.
Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Tim, are you still there?
Operator: One moment please.
Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hello?
Operator: Tim, your line is now open.
Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Can you hear me?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: We can, Tim. Sorry.
Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Sorry about that. I guess they had me muted but anyway back to the software line. François, you talked about Cloud Edition and it sounds like it's off to a pretty good start. The sequential jump in software, it's kind of the first quarter of Cloud Edition, so can you give us a sense as to how much of the contribution was from just better virtual sales in security and did that Cloud Edition start to at least make an impact on that software line? And then related to that, we've yet to see kind of the last few quarters with software moving a little higher particularly this quarter, haven't seen much in the product gross margin. Is that something that you would expect to start to move a little bit higher as that ramps as a percentage of sales? Thanks.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Tim, thank you. So on the first one, we said at the time we released our Cloud Edition that we did not expect material revenue contribution from Cloud Edition in FY 2018, and that is the case. I would say the contributions to Q4 was very minimal, because there is – the time it takes to get through – go through the sales cycle, the proof-of-concepts, et cetera, and then a lot of the initial deals are initial sales, which will expand over time. So minimal contribution in 2018, but we do expect – given the traction that we've seen so far, we do expect meaningful contribution in our fiscal 2019. And in terms of the gross margin, yes, the answer is no different than what we've said at AIM that over time, we do expect as the software contribution grows to have some impact on our – positive impact on our gross margin. If you'll recall at the end of our Horizon 2, which is 2022, we expect that our software to be about 40% of total product revenues and I think by then we would see a meaningful impact. That being said, our margins are roughly 85% right now and so the room for expansion isn't significant. What we said is that in Horizon 2, our margins would be in the 85% to 87% range. So...
Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: ...it's incremental but small in the big scheme of things.
Francis J. Pelzer - F5 Networks, Inc.: We're tracking, Tim, to the Horizon 1 and Horizon 2 guidance in that regard.
Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And then just a quick follow-up on the Cloud Edition. Could you just talk a little bit about are you seeing kind of new customers added to F5 by these new offerings and do you expect that with the next software offerings in the first half of next year? And then I'm done. Thank you.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yes. Thank you, Tim. So I would say we continue – as a company, we continue to win new logos every quarter and that's not really driven just by Cloud Edition. We're winning new use cases in security, in public cloud, and even I mentioned last quarter a number of new customers coming in for hardware. So new customer, new mobile position is going to continue. What we're seeing with Cloud Edition is within our existing customers, we are unlocking new footprint that we didn't have before. There are a couple of use cases that we could not address before. One is when customers want to really deploy on a per-app basis we couldn't touch those types of deployments. We now can. Two is the ability to scale rapidly the infrastructure under an application that sort of flexibility is a new use case for us and it's expanding our footprint and touching new applications, specifically applications that are in test and development. We didn't have the opportunity before to intercept these applications at their inception and we now can. And the third aspect of that is we are also now, for the first time, giving application developers direct visibility into their virtual instance of F5 and they're seeing analytics and the performance of their applications and so we're building a relationship with app developers that we didn't have before and that's driving new deployments into new applications. So I would characterize it right now as largely addressing the long tail of applications you've heard us talk about, inside of existing customers, more than focusing on going and looking out for new customers. I do think though we will address new customer segments as we introduce in the first half of 2019 F5-as-a-Service and our Cloud-Native App Services platform.
Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thank you.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thanks Tim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Ader from William Blair. Your line is now open.
Jason N. Ader - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yeah. Thank you. Frank, could you talk about linearity in the quarter and just give a sense of how that's similar or different than what you've seen in the past in Q4? And then, François, on the systems side, it looks like that's recovered a bit, flat year-over-year which I think is an improvement of what you've seen over the last several quarters. Can you talk about what's driving that?
Francis J. Pelzer - F5 Networks, Inc.: Sure. So Jason, thanks for your question. I'll start and turn it over to François. The linearity one is fairly straightforward. It was almost identical to what we seen in the past Q4s and so we were, if anything, saw even a little bit better in month one and month one, but we're talking a percentage point, nothing dramatic.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: And Jason, in terms of the systems, if you'll recall in March, we said that we expected the overall market for hardware ADCs to decline at mid-single-digits going forward, but we also expected that we would do better than that. That we expected to be in the low single-digit decline to flat going forward and I think what we've seen over the last three quarters is we've done exactly that. This quarter, we were flat. We still expect quarterly fluctuations on the hardware number, but overall we're executing for deployment and I think we're getting share and there are a couple of reasons for that. One driver of the stability is security use cases driving spend in ADC for us, but not all ADC vendors have access to it, because they don't have the security capabilities things like SSL orchestration or Web Application Firewall or Access Manager consolidated on ADC. That's driving stability for us in ADC. There are new use cases such as flips in the federal sector or IoT that are driving demand for our hardware products, there are geographies where there's significant demand for new hardware, specifically in emerging markets, places like China and Latin America, and so all of these factors are driving stability in the hardware business, along the lines of what we had said would happen at the investor meeting.
Jason N. Ader - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alex Kurtz of KeyBanc Capital Markets your line is now open.
Alex Kurtz - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Yeah, thanks. Just a couple quick questions here. I just want to follow-up on the new customer question from earlier around, Cloud Edition. I think there's a broader view of a lot of traditional on-premise software companies that they won't be able to capture the Cloud-Native Application or the company that maybe just starts fresh in the cloud and I think there's been some talk of companies like yourself that are building software in the cloud platforms, find the customer, then maybe there is even an opportunity on-prem, down the road, so could you just double-click on that a little bit more? I know you briefly touched on it but I just wanted to have you seen cases like that or it's just too soon to know?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Well, Alex, if that's what you're referring to, we have seen cases and I wouldn't say we're seeing them by the hundreds, but we have seen cases of companies that were born in the cloud. And essentially never bought or owned a piece of infrastructure. And as they grow and start to worry a bit more about their profit, they start worrying about how they control their cost and we have seen some of them, almost graduate from this born-in-the-cloud environment and come back and run co-location capabilities and actually come back to us for hardware ADCs. So we have seen those cases. I don't know if this was a trend that's going to be much stronger in the future than it is today but we are seeing that. But as it relates to acquiring customers directly in the cloud for companies that were historically on-prem like us, we think it's an opportunity that largely for us is on top today because you're right we don't play in that market today, but that's why we're quite excited about F5-as-a-Service coming in the first half of 2019, because that's going to allow us to really intercept these born-in-the-cloud applications in a native cloud consumption experience for those who are building their app in the public cloud's platform environment. And so we're pretty excited about our opportunity to play there and intercept these applications. And then down the road as these applications grow, if they too have multi-cloud requirements, it will make it that much easier for us to contribute to their requirements beyond the single public cloud. And so F5-as-a-Service essentially will be our leading entry into the relationship which we will expand from.
Alex Kurtz - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: That's very helpful. And just back on the current environment with tariffs, higher interest rates. Very strong calendar 2018 for IT spend, I think there's a lot of concern heading into 2019 that things may not be sustainable. I think when you talk to your larger enterprise customers, what's been sort of the initial feedback on how they feel about spend over, say, maybe the next six months or so?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: I would describe it, Alex, as generally the spending environment, you're right, has been healthy in 2018. We continue to think overall that it's healthy, specifically for the enterprise market. In North America, in particular, we've seen some softness in the Tier 1 service providers in the last quarter, and we're cautious about the upcoming quarters with Tier 1 service providers. There hasn't been a sign of significant change in behavior from our enterprise customers, but like everybody else, we are a little cautious going into 2019 given what we've seen over the last three, four weeks.
Alex Kurtz - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Samik X. Chatterjee - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, François. Hi, Frank. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to start off with the growth that you're seeing in the cloud. You mentioned you're seeing strong growth there. Can you remind us within – amongst kind of the Tier 1 and Tier 2 cloud providers who do you have existing partnerships with and how should we think about kind of have you seen any interest from additional cloud providers and how should we think of that as an enabler of stronger growth in software?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah. Samik, so we have relationship with the major public cloud providers, so AWS obviously is a partner for us, Microsoft Azure is a partner, we have integration going into Google Cloud, and international cloud providers as well. And the relationships aren't just technical integration, certainly in terms of the top 2 or 3, they're significant co-marketing activity between us and them helps customers leverage their clouds and migrate applications over to the cloud. And so in the software, we don't break out, by the way, as you know, Samik, we don't break out our public cloud revenues, but we have said before and I can reiterate this that within software, software in the public cloud is the fastest-growing part of our software business, and that has been the case throughout 2018.
Samik X. Chatterjee - JPMorgan Securities LLC: All right, all right. And then if I can just maybe this is more for Frank, but if I kind of look at your guidance, I think you mentioned that coming off the 1Q base you expect sequential improvement in the revenues through 2019. That seems like more visibility than you've had typically. And correct me if I'm wrong on that, and seems like more confidence about the pace of improvement there. Is there something more specific that's contributing to that? Is it more about kind of sequential illustration (00:51:12) in the software revenues, anything else that's contributing to that higher visibility even on the quarterly cadence of revenues?
Francis J. Pelzer - F5 Networks, Inc.: Samik, honestly, I think it's fairly consistent with what we've said in the past in terms of our sequential improvement. It's the cadence in which our quarters generally fall. I think we're obviously happy about the traction that we've seen in software and continue to see in the software and visibility that we've got that actually – that's got nice predictability for us. And so that gives a base in and of itself, but in terms of the specific qualitative guidance for the broader FY 2019, that's fairly consistent to where we've been in the past.
Samik X. Chatterjee - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it, got it. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tal Liani of Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Tal Liani - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, guys. I'd like to ask a question on security. First, what's the level of security revenues right now? I know you didn't disclose security as a percentage of sales revenues in the past. Do you have any kind of disclosure? And if not, what needs to happen for you or what level of revenues need to happen or need to materialize for you to disclose security? Second is when you look at 2019, what's the roadmap for addressable markets for security? Meaning, what are you going after and if you can give us also snapshot of the current offerings of security, where do you see success and where do you still need to work on – what do you still need to work on within the security portfolio? And then I have a follow-up question. Thanks.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Hey, Tal. Thank you. That's three question in one. We'll address them in that order, Tal. So in terms of disclosure of security revenues, as you know, we don't break that out. I would say that the percentage of our ADC sales that are driven by security use cases or that include a component of security in the overall bundle has steadily increased, and today it's a meaningful percentage of our ADC sales. We don't break it out. It's not just a question around the size of the revenue, but it has to do with, in a number of cases, it's very subjective to determine whether a sale was driven by security or ADC or both. And so that's the reason that we don't break it out today and there's not a clear trigger of when we will. In terms of your – I'll take the third part of your question then the second one. Where we have been seeing very strong success today historically, and Tal, I'd say that would be up until kind of the middle of 2018, was really in this consolidated use case where we – it's very convenient for a lot of our enterprise customers to consolidate on to an ADC, Application Firewall, identity and access capability, some encryption/decryption capabilities. And so this use case of consolidation in the ADC and the enterprise has been extremely successful and will continue to be. That is also true in the service provider world, where our capabilities around CGNAT, TCP optimization (00:54:59) firewalls, consolidated into an ADC capability is very appealing to service providers. So I would say, if you look historically, the consolidation of multiple security modules and function that allows one to reduce CapEx and reduce complexity has played out in the enterprise and service providers. Going forward in 2019, we're very excited about two stand-alone security use cases. The first one is our Advanced Web Application Firewall, where we've already released that product and we're seeing great initial traction. We're really differentiated relative to other players because of our Layer 7 capabilities, but also bot mitigation capabilities and that differentiation today is on-prem. But we're going to bring our WAF capabilities into F5-as-a-Service and we think that's going to be a big differentiator for us. And then the second one we're very excited about is our SSL orchestration capabilities, a massive use case because all enterprise customers are dealing with – the vast majority of their traffic is encrypted and we provide a very efficient solution to encrypt and decrypt the traffic, do what we call break and inspect and then chain multiple security services together, which saves very significant dollars to enterprise customers. So these two areas, Tal, we expect them to be two meaningful growth drivers for us in stand-alone security next year. And if you recall, that was one of our growth pillars from the conversation at AIM in March.
Tal Liani - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So what are the other things you need to do with your business in order to address the opportunities? Meaning, launching product is great. It's one aspect. How about dedicated sales team need or you don't need dedicated sales engineers. Marketing around security branding, different branding or is it part of the ADC branding? So can you discuss the outer activities outside of product innovation?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah, Tal. It's a great question. So there are other activities but we have been doing them already for several years. So if you look at our sales organization, in a lot of cases, a lot of our accounting, specifically major accounts, are already facing the CECL community and the SecOps buyer. So it's not like our sales team isn't capable today of selling security solutions because they've been selling them in a consolidated ADC fashion. And so they are very conversant in these solutions, but they are addressing new use cases with the SecOps buyer. In terms of marketing and thought leadership, most of our customers see us today as a security company, we have a significant muscle in security and threat research of an organization called F5 Labs that publishes research on security issues on a regular basis and that is very well read within our customer and partner community. So there are tons of things that we don't necessarily talk about because they've been in the go-to-market motion of F5 now for already several years.
Tal Liani - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Tal.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Simon Leopold of Raymond James. Your line is now open. Kindly check if you are on mute, Mr. Simon Leopold.
Suzanne DuLong - F5 Networks, Inc.: Madeline, why don't we move on to the next one and maybe go back to Simon?
Operator: Okay. That will be noted. So our next question comes from the line of Paul Silverstein of Cowen & Company. Your line is now open.
Paul Silverstein - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you. And I'll ask you the questions that Simon probably should have asked. François, first a clarification, I heard your response on the end demand question with respect to – I think, I heard you say that U.S. service provider weakened in the last three to four weeks. My question on that is within enterprise, what are you seeing from an end demand perspective? And if we look regionally, I think you've now posted high-single-digit growth in the EMEA region for a fifth straight quarter. The Americas were flat and they've been flat to slow single-digit in the region for the last several quarters. Asia Pac was 11% following 8% growth in the preceding quarter and Japan was 11% following 4% in Q3. Some of that may be easy comps in the latter two, but my question to you is looking at the regions, what accounts for the differences? Is that you would think from an economic perspective with the U.S. having perked up and EMEA much less so, it's only counterintuitive but is this a reflection of ongoing service provider weakness? What is that regional information? What should it be telling us in terms of the strength and weaknesses of your business? And then I have a follow-up question.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Hi, Paul. I'll clarify first. I didn't say service provider had weakened in the last three to four weeks, I said we were seeing in the last quarter or so softness in Tier 1s in North America. And as you know, service provider business can be lumpy, but if you look at – that also is, I think, the majority of the explanation on why North America has, in relative terms, is more flattish than other regions. A, it's largely driven by the softness we've seen in the Tier 1 service providers in North America.
Paul Silverstein - Cowen & Co. LLC: So François, to be clear, if we looked at your – if we saw the numbers for your North America enterprise business, we would see something mid-to-high single-digit growth consistent with EMEA and the other regions, is that the case?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: We don't break that out, Paul, but you would see...
Paul Silverstein - Cowen & Co. LLC: I recognize you don't.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: ...a number that would be higher than the aggregate number that you're seeing here.
Paul Silverstein - Cowen & Co. LLC: All right. Let me ask you one other question if I may. François, to what extent, historically, if we go back to the dawn of what was then load balancing back in the late-90s, which you guys pioneered along with couple of others, and we fast forward to today, historically you all sold to the networking side of the IT organization within enterprise. And over time – and it's still ongoing, but the locus of purchasing power seems to be shifting, seems to be in progress. To what extent do you all have an issue? And if you do, to what extent are you addressing it and separate from Tal's security question, in terms of addressing the application developers who have increasing power in that equation in terms of making the purchasing decisions, you already have the mindshare or do you need to do meaningful work in terms of gaining the mindshare among that community?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah. Paul, that's a great question. So you are correct that both application developers and their close cousins DevOps people are gaining mindshare and influencing in large enterprise organizations. That's resulting into two things. First, for our traditional buyers, network infrastructure buyers, typically in central IT, they want to offer a better SLA to app developers and DevOps people. And so part of our portfolio strategy, our multi-cloud strategy, is to enable our current buyers to offer that better SLA. Cloud Edition, I just discussed earlier, does exactly that. It offers this per-app capability which means an app developer doesn't have to wait for a maintenance window for five weeks so that all applications can align to an upgrade. They can do their thing on their part on their infrastructure. They also get more analytics and got more visibility in their application, but that Cloud Edition is typically purchased by a network operations person and they use that new technology to offer a different SLA to app developers. So that's kind of motion one. The solutions we're releasing in 2019, both F5-as-a-Service and our Cloud-Native Application platform, those will appeal directly to the DevOps buyer and they will allow them to essentially procure their own technology on their terms. And so associated with that, we have significant efforts around digital marketing, digital sales, a tech touch for these buyers that essentially allow them to procure – explore trial and procure the technology in the way they want to do it, which is very different than our traditional buyers currently. So that's how we will address that community as well, but that journey starts in 2019.
Paul Silverstein - Cowen & Co. LLC: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from the line of Simon Leopold of Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Simon M. Leopold - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks. Can you guys hear me okay this time?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah, Simon. How are you?
Simon M. Leopold - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Yes. Doing well. Paul did ask great questions, but fortunately not the ones I was going to ask. So I wanted to go back to the cloud, guys. Given that AWS and Azure offered load balancing, yet you talk about them as partners. Could you maybe compare and contrast how you might be competing with them at times and using them as a way to go-to-market? Where does it make sense for an enterprise to engage the solution offered by an AWS or an Azure versus engaging F5 for the functionality? Thank you.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: All right. Great, Simon. So let's start. So today, there are applications we don't support, there are typically applications that are born-in-the-cloud either in test or development or even production and that, I would say, have relatively simple load balancing requirements. Those applications are largely addressed by the native load balances offered by the large public cloud providers. Now, so that's where they play and today, we largely play in enterprises that have either on-prem requirements or multi-cloud deployment requirements. So if somebody wants to deploy an application or a portfolio of applications in multiple public clouds, typically, we're going to have a play there because we are cloud agnostic. We will, in that scenario, partner with the public cloud providers to help the customers migrate their applications to these environments and when F5 is supporting an application on-prem and it migrates, in the vast, vast, vast majority of the cases, we will stay with our application and they will stay with us. Now, so that's kind of the lay of the land today. In 2019, as we introduce our new platforms in F5-as-a-Service, we will also play in born-in-the-cloud applications, but the value add that we bring beyond the Cloud-Native load balances is the feature depth and breadth that a lot of these applications want. When they want global server load balancing, some security capabilities, and our partners in this case, public cloud providers are actually interested in partnering with us to enable these capabilities in their environment in a seamless way for these applications. And that's actually one of the reasons that I mentioned in the script earlier that Barry and Venu had joined us from AWS. One of the reasons for that is they have deep insights both into the economics of application deployment in public cloud and the technology associated with these deployments and they are very interested in this multi-cloud strategy and how we're going to deploy our business in these environments.
Simon M. Leopold - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: And maybe just a quick follow-up to that. It seems as if Google Cloud has really been trying to catalyze multi-cloud, given that they are the third player they've got the most gain, I believe. Where are you in terms of relationship with Google?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Well, we have a relationship with them as well. I would say, just for clarity though, Simon, when we talk about multi-cloud, we mean by that multiple public clouds co-location, on-premise private data centers and on-premise private clouds, and we're seeing all of these deployment models happen within our customer base.
Simon M. Leopold - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thanks for taking the questions.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Simon.
Operator: Thank you and that concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-07-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Dennis Melton - F5 Networks, Inc. Francis J. Pelzer - F5 Networks, Inc. François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.
Analysts: Samik X. Chatterjee - JPMorgan Securities LLC Sami Badri - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Alex Henderson - Needham & Co. LLC Rod Hall - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Jason N. Ader - William Blair & Co. LLC James E. Fish - Piper Jaffray & Co. Catharine Trebnick - Dougherty & Co. LLC Mark Kelleher - D.A. Davidson & Co. Meta A. Marshall - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5 Networks' Third Quarter and Fiscal 2018 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion. Also, this conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Dennis Melton, Interim Head of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Dennis Melton - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you and good afternoon, everyone. As the operator said, I am Dennis Melton, F5's Interim Lead of Investor Relations. François Locoh-Donou, President and CEO of F5; and Frank Pelzer, Executive VP and CFO, will be the speakers on today's call. Other members of the F5 executive team are also on hand to answer questions following the prepared remarks. If you have any questions after the call, please direct them to me at 206-272-6078 or d.melton@f5.com. A copy of today's press release is available on our website at www.f5.com. In addition, you can access an archived version of today's call from our website through October 24, 2018. You can also listen to a telephone replay at 866-511-5155 or 203-369-1955. In today's call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized on our quarterly release and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. I will now turn the call over to Frank.
Francis J. Pelzer - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Dennis. My name is Frank Pelzer, and I'm very excited to discuss with you today our fiscal 2018 Q3 results and Q4 outlook. Q3 marked a return to product revenue growth, as we had another quarter of solid execution and delivery of results. We continued to see growing momentum with our software offerings, particularly solutions for multi-cloud architectures, and our services business delivered another quarter of strong revenue and profit. Third quarter revenue was $542 million, up 4.7% year-over-year and came in above the midpoint of our guided range of $535 million to $545 million. GAAP EPS of $1.99 per share was above our guidance of $1.79 per share to $1.82 per share. This beat was largely driven by strength in revenue, expense discipline and a lower-than-expected effective tax rate. Non-GAAP EPS of $2.44 per share was also above our guidance of $2.36 to $2.39 per share. In Q3, product revenue was $239 million, up 1.6% year-over-year and accounted for 44% of total revenue. Software was approximately 15% of product revenue and grew 24% year-over-year. Systems revenue made up approximately 85% of product revenue and declined 1.5% year-over-year. Services revenue was $303 million, up 7% year-over-year and represented 56% of total revenue. On a regional basis, Americas grew 3% year-over-year and represented 56% of total revenue. EMEA revenue grew 8% year-over-year and accounted for 24% of overall revenue. APAC revenue, which accounted for 15% of total, grew 8% year-over-year. And Japan, at 4% of total revenue, grew 4% from a year ago. Sales to enterprise customers represented 64% of total revenue during the quarter. Service providers accounted for 19% of total revenue and government sales were 17%, including 7% from U.S. Federal. In Q3, we had five greater than 10% distributors: Ingram Micro, which accounted for approximately 17% of total revenue; SYNNEX Corp. and Tech Data, which each accounted for approximately 11%. And Arrow and Westcon each represented approximately 10% of revenue. I will now discuss our operating results. GAAP gross margin in Q3 was 83.2%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 84.5%, in line with our expectation. GAAP operating expenses of $299 million were at the lower end of our $297 million to $307 million guided range. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $265 million. Our GAAP operating margin in Q3 was 27%, and non-GAAP operating margin was 36%. Our GAAP effective tax rate was 20.4%, lower than expected due to tax benefits associated with our stock-based compensation expense in the quarter. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 23.3%. Let's now discuss the balance sheet and other results. We generated $182 million in cash flow from operations, up 12% year-over-year, which contributed to cash and investments totaling over $1.4 billion at quarter-end. DSO at the end of the quarter was 49 days, flat with previous quarter. Capital expenditures for the quarter were approximately $20 million, driven by our build-out of our new headquarters and international facilities expansion. Inventory at the end of the quarter was approximately $31 million. Deferred revenue increased 9% year-over-year to just over $1 billion, driven by continued high-maintenance renewal rates. We ended the quarter with approximately 4,475 employees, up approximately 90 people from the prior quarter. In Q3, we purchased approximately 900,000 shares of our common stock and an average price of $166.22 per share, for a total of $150 million. Now let me discuss our guidance for Q4. Based on strengthening pipeline and discussion with our sales organization, we see continuing momentum in the business as we close out the fiscal year. We expect to deliver another quarter of solid revenue growth with continued strength in product revenue. For the quarter, we are targeting revenue in the range of $555 million to $565 million. Today, we announced an initiative to further align spend with our transformation to a leading provider of multi-cloud application services. Specifically, we will be accelerating investment in our roadmap and market development efforts in the fastest-growing areas of our business: cloud and security. As a result, we expect to take a restructuring charge in the range of $23 million to $25 million in Q4 that is reflected in our GAAP expense estimates. We do not anticipate that this action will impact our Horizon 1 or Horizon 2 financial guidance that we laid out for you in March. In Q4, we expect GAAP gross margins of approximately 83%, including $5 million of stock-based compensation expense and $2 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. We anticipate non-GAAP gross margins of approximately 84.5%. We estimate GAAP operating expenses of $317 million to $329 million, including approximately $34 million of stock-based compensation expense, $23 million to $25 million in restructuring expense, and $0.8 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. We expect a GAAP effective tax rate of approximately 25% for the fourth quarter and a non-GAAP effective tax rate at or around 24%. Our Q4 GAAP earnings target is $1.77 to $1.80 per share. Our non-GAAP earnings target is $2.61 to $2.64 per share. On a final topic, I'm happy to report that my first few months as F5's CFO have gone very smoothly. I've had the opportunity to work with all areas and levels in the business and have been very impressed by the high quality and depth of knowledge of all F5 employees, particularly our world-class finance and accounting team. I would like to thank everyone for their warm acceptance of me to the organization and their tireless efforts in building a fantastic business. With that, I will turn the call over to François.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Frank, and good afternoon, everyone. During the third quarter, we saw continued momentum across the business with product revenue returning to growth. Software revenue continues to expand, driven by deployments in public and private cloud as our customers increasingly look to support and protect their applications across multi-cloud environments. We also saw strong demand for our security solutions, protecting enterprise customers against application-based threats. Our software revenue continues to expand, growing 24% year-over-year. The pace of ELA and VE subscription software deals accelerated in Q3 as customers continued to embrace flexible consumption models, a trend we think will be important in driving adoption of our new cloud offerings, including our recently introduced BIG-IP Cloud Edition. While Cloud Edition was just released to market at the end of May, we are already seeing strong interest and pipeline across the theaters. The early feedback from customers who purchased the product in Q3 confirms our view that right sized application services for every app opens up a large set of use cases that were not previously well addressed by existing software ADC offerings. We expect momentum for Cloud Edition to continue to build and that it will be a meaningful driver of software growth in FY 2019 and beyond. In addition, we are seeing our customers increasingly choose to deploy a blend of both iSeries systems along with software in multi-cloud environments. Customers continue to utilize F5 security, application services and orchestration to seamlessly manage workloads across these hybrid environments. Our services business had another solid quarter with revenue up 7% year-over-year and deferred revenue of $1 billion. This team provides unparalleled customer support creating a significant differentiator and driving customer satisfaction. The value of our services capabilities will only grow as the complexities associated with multi-cloud deployments become more prominent with our customers. We've shown strong execution during the third quarter for software solutions across all deployment environments with strength in public cloud both in Bring Your Own License and utility-based consumption. We also saw continued sequential growth for Enterprise License Agreements and subscription offerings. These offerings provide flexibility in procuring and deploying our virtual editions, leading to software expansion in service provider and enterprise accounts. For instance, our ability to structure an ELA at a large U.S. financial services company helped create a high-capacity DNS infrastructure. The policy-based DNS functionality provides resiliency against outages across regional hubs. The deployment works across the three major clouds allowing the customer to choose the right cloud provider for the task at hand. This ELA is part of a multi-cloud software infrastructure and the customer continues to buy hardware systems to support a hybrid environment. The traction we are seeing in software is augmented with the early success of BIG-IP Cloud Edition, which we officially launched on May 31. As a reminder, this release improved per-app visibility, analytics and auto scale capabilities. The solution provides app owners a virtual application delivery controller that can apply and automate policy when developing, deploying and securing applications across public and private clouds. A large online services company in Asia purchased Cloud Edition to automate application deployment and shorten scale-out time. Utilizing BIG-IQ functionality paired with Cloud Edition, the customer was able to auto scale instances at the app level with analytics and seamless interoperability with other F5 solutions. Application Protection continues to be a driver of security solutions with good momentum in our WAF offerings. A leading independent research firm identified F5 as a WAF leader with multiple consumption models, including the traditional Application Security Manager, Advanced Web Application Firewall and Silverline-managed service. In the first full quarter of sales, Advanced WAF is showing strong adoption from both new and existing customers. The operational ease of configuration and deployment is attracting new stand-alone security buyers. A great example of this momentum in security is a competitive win at a European web hosting company, driven by our Advanced Web Application Firewall. The customer deployed Advanced WAF to protect their website portals and safeguard their brand reputation from application level compromised by sophisticated layer 7 DDoS attacks. The sales team participated in a competitive evaluation and demonstrated protection from bot-based attacks and superior behavior-based protection to catch subtle application layered DDoS attempts. Highlighting our stated objective of offering stand-alone security products to a security buyer, today, we are introducing F5 SSL Orchestrator. This dedicated security solution allows ease of deployment and configuration for enterprise customers that demand orchestration with high performance decryption/encryption and steering of SSL traffic. This product gives customers a security appliance offering dynamic service chaining across the security infrastructure. Consistent with our approach presented in our Analyst & Investor Meeting in March, we will continue to expand our stand-alone security portfolio and, today, we also announced the availability of F5 Access Manager. Core enhancements include protection of sensitive data with adaptive authentication while providing access for authorized users, devices and APIs, guarding against pervasive threats such as man-in-the-middle attacks. Access Manager enables organizations to bridge on-prem app functionality to the cloud, effectively integrating with Identity-as-a-Service solutions to support evolving heterogeneous environments. As we outlined over the past year, we are evolving to a multi-cloud application services company that will reach every app anywhere. With this in mind, we are realigning resources to better position F5 for 2019 and beyond. Today, we are taking steps to notify some employees that their roles are under consideration or will be eliminated in order to accelerate our hiring in geographic sales expansion, new sales go-to-market motions, multi-cloud software development and digital transformation initiatives. Our objective with these decisions is to further align our workforce with a long-term strategy and accelerate the transformation that we outlined in our Analyst & Investor Meeting earlier this year. The long-term first vision set forth is seeing significant traction with continued momentum in software and security sales. Customers continue to view our solutions as mission-critical in hybrid environments as they deploy incremental workloads dynamically, both on premise and in-cloud environments. The expansion of our software asset portfolio and stand-alone security products positions us as the leader in multi-cloud application services. Before moving on to the question-and-answer session, I wanted to highlight three key additions to the leadership team. First, I am excited to announce that Chad Whalen has been promoted to Executive Vice President of Worldwide Sales. Chad joined F5 18 months ago and has built up our cloud sales team, while significantly deepening our partnerships with Microsoft Azure and Amazon Web Services. Chad also brought to F5 a depth of experience that spans complex, large enterprises to fast-moving start-ups. His past leadership roles included Fortinet, World Wide Packets, Jasper and Ciena. Chad brings a combination of cloud, security, IoT and service-provider expertise that we will leverage in our transformation to become a multi-cloud application services leader. We were also pleased to announce on July 11, that Mary Gardner joined the F5 team as our new Chief Information Security Officer. Mary is a seasoned security leader with extensive experience in the health and finance sectors, where the protection of highly sensitive customer data and compliance with stringent regulations are business-critical issues. Prior to F5, Mary has held security leadership roles at Seattle Children's Hospital, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center and kept information and networks safe at Port of Seattle and Washington Mutual, JPMorgan Chase. Another important addition to our leadership team is James Feger who joined this month as General Manager for our service provider business. James comes to us after 14 years at CenturyLink, where he held multiple leadership roles supporting the design and operations of their network architecture, including his most recent role as Vice President of Network Virtualization. His hands-on insight into the challenges and opportunities service providers face as they roll out 5G, NFV and IoT services will be invaluable to F5 as we expand our reach and role in these environments. I would like to welcome Chad, Mary and James to their roles on the F5 leadership team. As always, I would like to thank the entire F5 team and our partners for their efforts during the third quarter. With that, we will now hand the call over for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Samik from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Samik X. Chatterjee - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to start off with a question on the restructuring that you announced today. How should I think about the payback on that kind of restructuring? Is it sort of the intention here let's say is to sort of improve margins on the systems product? Or how should I think about impact on the financials longer term?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Samik. Well, the first thing I'd say about the restructuring is that I genuinely don't like having to make these decisions because ideally and philosophically we would like to embark every employee that's been part of the journey with F5 into this exciting future that we're building with the company. The executive team has taken immense consideration on this because we know that we are making decisions that impact the lives of many of our colleagues and friends. That being said, we are very focused on the transformation of F5 into a multi-cloud application services leader, and as a result, there is legacy spend that we have that is less relevant for the future than it has been for the past, and we are shifting our focus to the growth areas of F5, and specifically, we are intensifying our investments into software and multi-cloud technologies, in new go-to-market motions, and also in building the necessary digital infrastructure that enables those go-to-market motions. And so today's restructuring is really not about cost-cutting. It really is about realignment of resources towards these areas and accelerating the execution of our strategy. In terms of how you should think about this action as it relates to long-term financial model, it's all very consistent with what we shared at our Analyst & Investor Meeting in March, and so this action has no implied change in our Horizon 1 and Horizon 2 guidance, so this is FY 2019, FY 2020 and also FY 2021, FY 2022.
Samik X. Chatterjee - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it, got it. That's helpful. And then just a follow up, you mentioned that you're seeing good traction on your stand-alone security products. Can you maybe share any kind of metrics in terms of either customer count or anything like that so that we can track your progress on that front? And also, are your leaders thoughts that you can sort of pursue that opportunity organically or are you open to sort of looking at maybe bolt on acquisitions to bolster your capabilities on that front?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Samik, I'll start with the latter part of your question. In terms of acquisitions I think we've touched on this before. I've said that I consider acquisitions to be a potential tool in the execution of our strategy as a technology company. If and when we find that there's an opportunity that makes sense, we will execute on that. And the key for me is that we continue to be disciplined in our investments, whether they be investments in organic innovation or potential investments in inorganic innovation in the future, that we take a very disciplined approach to both. And that's part of what you're seeing in our actions today. In terms of the tractions that we're getting with our new stand-alone security offerings, we don't disclose customer counts, but I can tell you that the new stand-alone security solutions that we have announced we have already won a number of customers with those including a number of customers that are net new customers to F5. And the thing that is for me a significant sign of the traction we're getting there is in a number of these deals we're winning with our SSL orchestration solutions or our Advanced WAF solutions, we are not competing with any ADC vendors. We're really only competing with traditional or next-generation security vendors and our win rate is very strong. As a good example of that is if you take our SSL Orchestration solution we've just released, it really is a use case that is absolutely critical to the security infrastructure, largely because most of the traffic now is encrypted, and sort of traditional security appliances are not very efficient at doing this encryption/decryption work in addition to the security service they have to offer. And so in this case, actually, F5's hardware, security hardware, is extremely efficient than encryption/decryption and we marry that with an intelligent policy-based chaining of security services. And that allows us to provide a service chain across the full security stack and really nobody else can do that. So that's just a great use case for how our stand-alone security solutions are performing and it is absolutely in line with our strategy to be the leader in application security.
Samik X. Chatterjee - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. That's helpful color. Thank you. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sami Badri from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Sami Badri - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Thank you for the question. I was hoping if you could give us maybe potentially an attach rate of the software and security revenues to specifically hardware sales in the quarter. And if you cannot really specifically answer that question with a tangible number, maybe you could give us an idea of this trend this quarter versus prior year. And then I have a follow-up after that.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Sami, I don't think we can give you an attach rate specifically. What I think we can share with you is two things. One is you continue to see growth in our software essentially in line with what we shared at the investor meeting, that software would grow in the mid-20s for the year and we're confident this is essentially where we're going to land. And that's true across both our software growth in ADC and our software growth in security. I think that has been the consistent trend over the number of quarters. The other thing we can share with you is a large number of deals, even in security, I would say, a growing percentage of our business even in ADC, sorry, is actually driven by security use cases. And so we don't break that out and we don't quantify that, but I'd say the traction in security is growing both in our ADC business as well as in our stand-alone security business.
Sami Badri - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got it. Thank you. And then, at the Analyst Day, there were some comments alluding to an as-a-service product and the business model shift, et cetera. And I was hoping you kind of give us a little bit of an update around that and maybe any potential milestones or maybe just like a change of mind or anything like that? Could you just give us some color on that?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yes. Sami, we offer today a managed service where we essentially redirect traffic from some of our customers to scrubbing centers that are largely in Equinix data centers. And then, we perform a number of services in these scrubbing centers. And that managed service is Silverline and it continues to grow. We've added a number of customers again in the quarter. In addition to that, we did say that in 2019 we would be bringing to market a solution we call F5-as-a-Service, which is a – it's a complete self-serve model that would be hosted in a public cloud and would address all of the DevOps buyers that want to go to a pure public cloud buying motion. We remain on track for that solution in 2019. We haven't announced the date yet, and we will as we get closer to delivering on that.
Sami Badri - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Henderson from Needham. Your line is open.
Alex Henderson - Needham & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. I was wondering if you could just give us some qualified sizing around the growth rate in the security business. I know you don't want to break out the dollar value of it, but it would be helpful if you could at least talk about roughly what the rate of change in that business is. And then second, if you could talk a little bit about what portion of your business is coming from SaaS or cloud-related footprint that would be helpful as well?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Alex, thank you. I'm going to disappoint you on both counts because I can't give you numericals. And it's not just that we won't, but let me start with security. In security, our business is both some stand-alone security use cases as well as security-driven use cases in our ADC business. And sometimes breaking that out is actually quite subjective on our part. And this is one of the reasons that we don't disclose that information. I can, on the other hand, share with you that security as a whole is one of the faster growing areas of our business. So it is growing faster than the aggregate revenue, if you will. As it relates to public cloud, again, we don't today – we may in the future, but we don't today purely break out public cloud revenues. Public cloud is actually the fastest-growing part of our business. And we continue to drive customers to public cloud, both buying their license and instant sharing it in public cloud or buying into our systems on a utility basis. I've shared that we're now billing millions of hours per quarter on all the major public clouds. And our cloud edition we just released, actually, we expect to accelerate that because it makes it easy for customers to burst some of their applications into a public cloud and leveraging our auto-scale capabilities. So that's where we see significant acceleration of our software solutions in the future. But I just can't quantify it for you yet.
Alex Henderson - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. Could I follow-up, though? You last quarter had given positive comments on both your million-dollar deals as well as, I think the term you used was accelerating pipeline of deals that you're chasing. Can you at least qualify something around that? Is there any change? Or is there any reason why didn't mention that this time around?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: No. There's no reason we didn't mention it, Alex. As we kind of predicted last quarter, we saw a growing number of seven-figure software deals. These are typically ELAs, Enterprise License Agreements. And we're seeing, we only released these offerings about nine months ago. And sequentially every quarter over the last three quarters, we have seen the traction in pipeline with this consumption model growing with our customers. And this quarter, we had a record number of such deals on software and on these Enterprise License Agreements. They are particularly important to us because we can land customers on these deals and over time expand them as they add to their initial subscription. So, generally pretty excited about what's happening with the large million-dollar plus software deals that we are seeing.
Alex Henderson - Needham & Co. LLC: So that's a strong number in the quarter and strong pipeline? Just to be sure I got it right.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Correct.
Alex Henderson - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you. I'll cede the floor. Thank you.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Alex.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rod from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Rod Hall - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yeah, hi. Thanks for the question. I appreciate it. I guess I want to ask kind of a question about the progress of software again. But the real question I have is, when you guys think you might release some KPIs that would help us quantify this so that we can understand either maybe what proportion of product revenue the software sales are or some other KPI that you've got in mind that would help us track actual quantifiable progress on that strategy. So that's, I guess, one question. Another one is related to that, which is deferred revenue, which was flat quarter-on-quarter. And I guess we expect the software products to be pretty small at this point, but that deferred revenue suggests there's not a whole lot of movement in the direction of software yet from the point of view of the overall revenue. So I'm just curious. Is that true or is there a bunch of some more software deferred revenue in there than we think, and if we could see the breakdown, we would see more progress? Thanks.
Francis J. Pelzer - F5 Networks, Inc.: Sure. Rod, it's Frank. Let me take that one. So, on the KPI question, I would say as the business becomes more material, we'll consider certain KPIs that you can continue to track. At this point we're talking about the growth rates that we've experienced in the business, particularly on the software side, as an indication of the strength that we're seeing in that business. I think on your second question on the deferred revenue, it was actually up I think close to 7%, 1.7% quarter-over-quarter but 7% year-over-year. And we talked about that's really still the continued strength that we've seen in the maintenance on the ELA side, and it's just a smaller portion of our total revenue. And so, it really doesn't have a major move yet in the deferred revenue piece.
Rod Hall - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Frank, can I follow-up? The other thing we noticed is APAC and Japan. The Japanese decline was lower. APAC growth is better. Just curious if you guys have any further color on what drove those continued changes and trajectory there. It seems like things are improving.
Francis J. Pelzer - F5 Networks, Inc.: I think it's positive market dynamics, particularly in some emerging economies that we haven't necessarily had as much presence in before, particularly China and India. And so we were really excited to report that kind of growth, and I think we've got a really strong team that's executing quite well.
Rod Hall - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Okay. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason from William Blair. Your line is open.
Jason N. Ader - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yes. Thank you. François, in our VAR checks, we picked up some challenges with ELA pricing with certain large enterprise accounts. Can you talk about how some of the pricing discussions are playing out? I mean, it sounds like you're positive on the progress there. But are there some kinks that still need to be worked out?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Hi, Jason. Let me start with the latter part first. This is the first year of us offering ELAs and subscriptions, and so no doubt there is an element of learning as we go through the first deals and kind of readjust this as we learn more and also as the volume of these deals continues to increase. That being said, there is not a particular challenge on pricing that we've picked up in those deals. In fact, if anything, if we just look at discounting levels, we think the discounting levels in these types of deals are less than in traditional perpetual software deals. So we're pretty encouraged by the early trends around what we're seeing in terms of customer adoption. So there is not a challenge specifically with ELA or subscription deals.
Jason N. Ader - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. I guess what I was talking about is – what I meant by challenges is, we just heard that in some of the – there were some transactions where customers just pushed back on the pricing. So was that it was too expensive, not – it's consistent with what you said, that there's not as much discounting. So maybe we just maybe picked up a couple of isolated instances, but it sounds like you're feeling good about that learning process and adjusting as necessary.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yes, we're feeling very good about it, Jason. There's always an element of course of negotiation with our customers, but we're feeling very good about the pricing, but also the consumption model. Our ELAs are unique in that we allow customers to consume and add sort of consumption or throughput to their licenses during a period of time and then we true it up after that. And once our customers really understand the consumption model that we're giving in these ELAs, they realize there's tremendous value in these ELAs and the adoption is pretty strong. So if your question is, are we losing ELA deals because of pricing? The answer is absolutely no.
Jason N. Ader - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then just one quick follow-up, did you say systems were down 1% year-over-year? Is that what I heard, revenue?
Francis J. Pelzer - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yes, 1.5%.
Jason N. Ader - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And how did that compare to your expectations?
Francis J. Pelzer - F5 Networks, Inc.: It was in line with our expectations.
Jason N. Ader - William Blair & Co. LLC: That's it for me. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Fish from Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
James E. Fish - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hey guys, thanks for the question. I just wanted to first ask on the competitive dynamics because we didn't hear too much about that outside of essentially the stand-alone security space. Can you just give us an update on the landscape there as related to the last question regarding pricing, and especially as it relates to some of the private vendors like Cloudflare and the recent announcement from Cisco and Avi Networks?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yes. Thank you, James. So on the competitive landscape we really like where things are going in the virtual ADC space. In particular, we're very happy with the traction we've gotten with our BIG-IP Cloud Edition. It's just been in the market for one month. We already have a substantial number of wins. And what's happening essentially James is we are offering things that have not been available in the market before. For the first time we are enabling applications teams to self-service on their ADC which is opening up new use cases. We're also for the first time enabling app teams to auto scale their solution. So for applications that are bursty, that's a very important capability, one of the companies I mentioned in the script is an online services company in Asia. They really purchased Cloud Edition because they have naturally a bursty traffic. They have a sort of seasonable demand to their solutions, and so our ability to burst the capabilities and for them to really pay for only what they're using is absolutely critical. And all of that we're offering at the lower total cost of ownership than a traditional VE. And so customers have not been able to get that from a vendor that has both the depth of features that we have and the world-class support that F5 brings to the table. And we see that as a substantial change in the ADC market, so we're very positive on our competitive position. And as I said before in terms of ELA and subscription deals, we're doing well there and we're not seeing a significant challenge from any of the other consumption models you mentioned.
James E. Fish - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Got it. That's very helpful color, François. Just one last one from me on the new F5 Access Manager. Correct me if I'm wrong, you were previously partnering with a leading provider that's cloud-based that essentially F5 was doing the off – the on-premise environment and the partner was doing the on-premise. Is this new product just integrating them more? Or did you come out with your own off-premise solution in this new release?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: This new release, James, is really targeted at customers that want to deploy on-prem or want to deploy across multi-cloud. And so it allows customers to essentially augment their capacity from on-prem to a private cloud or a multi-cloud in a seamless way and really for them to auto scale the capability as they need it. So it's not affecting a particular partner. It's more that we are really truly obsessed with what our customers want to do next. And we're delivering an innovation in the way they want to consume the technology that they had been asking for. And in fact, in some cases, because they didn't have that solution from F5, they were looking at potentially other solutions, either from start-ups or open source players. And we're now seeing that we are intercepting some of these proof-of-concepts and having significant win rate, because, ultimately, they want these solutions from a vendor that they trust and that has the capability to support them across multiple environments.
James E. Fish - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great. Thanks.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, James.
Operator: Our next question comes from Catharine from Dougherty. Your line is open.
Catharine Trebnick - Dougherty & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking my question. Just one question on the service provider market, François. What are the opportunities you're really targeting in 2019? Your revenue's been hovering about 19% to 21% aggregate. And I'm just curious of what you think the opportunities are going forward in the carrier segment.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Catharine. So I'll speak a little bit short-term and longer-term. In the short run, we continue to see a great traction with security, firewall solutions, carrier-grade firewall solutions especially in the service provider market, because the increase in traffic – in mobile traffic in particular, requires the scalability that our hardware, specifically our VIPRION solutions provide. And so that's going to continue to grow. And then, there's a number of use cases that are pretty immediate short-term that are also driving demand for our hardware, things like IoT with their high transactional-type applications drive significant demand for our hardware in the carrier space. If we take a more of a longer-term perspective, a number of carriers are looking to virtualize their infrastructure. And the more they move to virtualization, the more they need solutions for, a) traffic management and, b) security. Those two challenges become more important as they virtualize their environment. And F5 is a leading player in both areas. And so we're taking really more deliberate steps and more strategic investment in these areas as evidenced by us bringing onboard James Feger and some of the announcements we've made around what we're doing in the NFV space really to make sure we are aligned with these 5G architectures, with these virtualized architectures, because our customers are asking for more from F5 as a partner as they evolve their architectures.
Catharine Trebnick - Dougherty & Co. LLC: All right. Thank you. And just a quick product question. Orchestrator's been out for almost two years. Is this a newer feature functionality that you're speaking about today?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: No, that's a great nuance. We've had an SSL Orchestrator solution recently, but there were two things with it. One is it required a significant level of, if you will, professional service or customization from F5 to make the solution work in a specific environment. And two, it was only consumable when attached to an ADC. The solution we're now releasing is going to significantly expand the addressable market for F5 in two ways. Number one, a lot of the customizations that we built with our customers over the last couple of years, we've really now productized all these customization. And therefore, the consumption motion or the ease of deployment is much greater for our customers. And so we would expect to see a lot more velocity in the deployment of these solutions. And number two, we've made substantial changes to the solution with things like ease of configuration, that make the solution consumable by a security buyer not attached to an ADC. And that allows us to address a new part of the market, playing purely with security vendors.
Catharine Trebnick - Dougherty & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark from D.A. Davidson. Your line is open.
Mark Kelleher - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Great. Thanks for taking the questions and congratulations on the year-over-year product growth. I want to ask about that. Have we reached an inflection point where that number should now be increasing each quarter? Another way to ask that, is the software growth now sufficient to outgrow the decline in the systems business?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Well, Mark, a couple of things. One is I think we are – our view is unchanged from what we shared with you in March that our expectation is that in 2019 what we will see – 2019 and 2020, it was said we would see low to mid single-digit growth overall that will most likely be low in 2019 and mid in 2020, in part, because of a, I'd say, small decline in the systems business and continued strong growth in the software business. All the indicators we've seen since March tend to validate that that is what I think we'll see in 2019. One needs to be careful about taking too much sort of conclusions from a single quarter because now that we're disclosing our software number, which is still a relatively – it's only 15% of product revenue, so it's still a relatively small number. Quarter-to-quarter that can be lumpy. We can see a high software growth quarter and a low software growth quarter, but when you look at it on an annual basis, the trends that we've talked are really going to continue.
Mark Kelleher - D.A. Davidson & Co.: All right. And just as a follow up to some of the growth numbers, if we look at Enterprise, Service Providers and Government, if I did the math right, you had a very strong Government quarter, kind of offset the weakness in the other two, which is a reversal of the March quarter. What can we expect in terms of seasonality from those three segments going forward?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: So, Mark, again, I wouldn't take too much from the quarter-to-quarter iterations. Federal has a sort of natural cycle where we see typically stronger Federal in the latter half of the year and less in the first part of the year. Service Provider generally is a segment that's fairly lumpy for us, and I think not just for us but for most vendors that are in that space. I think North American CapEx in particular this quarter was a little soft. I think we're seeing that in our Service Provider numbers, but I wouldn't be able to predict to you where we're going to see seasonality in the Service Provider space.
Mark Kelleher - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Dennis Melton - F5 Networks, Inc.: Operator, can we do one last question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from James from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Meta A. Marshall - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. This is Meta Marshall for James. Sort of following up on Catharine's question in the Service Provider business, typically that's been around 20% to 25% of the business. With kind of the enhancements that you've made, is there a target percentage of the business that you see being Service Provider? And then just second question, the EMEA business was kind of particularly strong. Do you think that that was some of getting past GDPR? Or was there a particular trigger? Or just weak compares? Thanks.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Meta. I'll start with Europe, we're pleased with the growth we had in Europe year-over-year. I think some of that – if you recall, we said last fall that we were making a realignment of our resources in Europe to address where we thought there was better growth opportunities, and I think to some extent we're seeing the benefit of that play out in the growth. And the team in Europe actually has executed very well over the last few quarters. We are cautious about Europe because we're still seeing – the macro uncertainty is not gone completely, specifically with the UK and Brexit. So we don't want to get too carried away with what we're seeing in Europe, but we're pleased with the performance this quarter and specifically the execution of our teams. In the Service Provider space, Meta, we don't have a specific target for a percentage of our business because over time we expect our Enterprise and Fed business to continue to grow, and we expect our Service Provider business to grow as well. The one thing I would say is in the Service Provider space, especially as you go through architectural changes, changes in the amount of business happen over a period of time. And right now we're making I think strategic and deliberate investments in that space that will play out over our Horizon 1 and Horizon 2, especially as it relates to NFV.
Meta A. Marshall - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you.
Dennis Melton - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, everyone.
Operator: Yes, I'm sorry.
Dennis Melton - F5 Networks, Inc.: Oh, no. I was saying that's our last question. Thank you. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-04-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Jason Willey - F5 Networks, Inc. Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc. François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.
Analysts: Jason N. Ader - William Blair & Co. LLC Alex Kurtz - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Rod Hall - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Simon M. Leopold - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Mark Kelleher - D. A. Davidson & Co. Jayson A. Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Jeffrey Thomas Kvaal - Nomura Instinet George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5 Networks' Second Quarter and Fiscal 2018 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion. Also, today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jason Willey, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jason Willey - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. As the operator said, I am Jason Willey, F5's Director of Investor Relations. Francois Locoh-Donou, President and CEO of F5; and Andy Reinland, Executive VP and CFO will be speakers on today's call. Other members of the F5 executive team are also on hand to answer questions following the prepared remarks. If you have any questions after the call, please direct them to me at 206-272-7908 or j.willey@f5.com. A copy of today's press release is available on our website at www.f5.com. In addition, you can access an archived version of today's call from our website through July 25, 2018. You can also listen to a telephone replay at 800-925-8051 or 402-220-3075. In today's call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect, and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized on our quarterly release and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Jason. Q2 was a quarter of solid execution. We continue to see growing momentum with our software offerings, particularly solutions for multi-cloud architectures, and our Services business delivered another quarter of strong revenue and profit. Second quarter revenue of $533 million, up 3% year-over-year, was above the midpoint of our guided range of $525 million to $535 million. GAAP EPS of $1.77 per share was above our guidance of $1.66 to $1.69 per share. Non-GAAP EPS of $2.31 per share was also above our guidance of $2.24 to $2.27 per share. Product revenue of $238 million in the second quarter was down 1% year-over-year and accounted for 45% of total revenue. Software in Q2 was 15% of product revenue and was up 28% year-over-year. Systems revenue declined 5% year-over-year and made up 85% of product revenue. Services revenue of $296 million grew 7% year-over-year and represented 55% of total revenue. On a regional basis, Americas revenue grew 1% year-over-year and represented 55% of total revenue. EMEA revenue grew 8% year-over-year and accounted for 26% of overall revenue. APAC revenue, which accounted for 14% of the total, grew 2% year-over-year, and Japan at 4% of total revenue decreased 6% from a year ago. Sales to enterprise customers represented 66% of total sales during the quarter. Service providers accounted for 21% and government sales were 13%, including 5% from U.S. Federal. In Q2, we had five greater-than-10% distributors: Ingram Micro, which accounted for 17% of total revenue; Tech Data accounted for 12%; and Arrow, SYNNEX and Westcon, each accounted for 11% of revenue. Moving on to our operating results. GAAP gross margin in Q2 was 83.2%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 84.6%. GAAP operating expenses of $300 million were within our $296 million to $306 million guided range. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $264 million. Our GAAP operating margin in Q2 was 26.9% and non-GAAP operating margin was 35.2%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 25% and our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 24.7%. Turning to the balance sheet. In Q2, we generated $185 million in cash flow from operations, which contributed to cash and investments totaling $1.4 billion at quarter end. DSO at the end of the quarter was 49 days. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $9.8 million. Inventory at the end of the quarter was $30 million. Deferred revenue increased 8.7% year-over-year to just over $1 billion. We ended the quarter with approximately 4,385 employees, up slightly from the prior quarter. In Q2, we repurchased approximately 1.1 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $140.82 per share for a total of $150 million. Moving to our guidance for fiscal Q3. Based on strengthening pipeline and discussion with our sales organization, we see momentum building in the business as we enter the back half of our fiscal year. We expect further improvement in our revenue growth rate in the third quarter, highlighted by a return to year-over-year product revenue growth. With this in mind, for the third quarter of fiscal 2018, we are targeting revenue in the range of $535 million to $545 million. We expect GAAP gross margins at or around 83%, including approximately $5.5 million of stock-based compensation expense and $2 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. Non-GAAP gross margins are anticipated at or around 84.5%. We estimate GAAP operating expense of $297 million to $307 million, including approximately $36.5 million of stock-based compensation expense and $0.8 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. We expect a GAAP effective tax rate of approximately 25% for the third quarter and a non-GAAP effective tax rate at or around 24%. And our Q3 GAAP earnings target is $1.79 to $1.82 per share. Our non-GAAP earnings target is $2.36 to $2.39 per share. And with that, I will turn the call over to François.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Andy, and good afternoon, everyone. During the second quarter, we saw momentum across the business. Our software revenue continues to expand, growing 28% year-over-year. This growth was driven by deployments in the public cloud as our customers increasingly look to support and protect their applications across multi-cloud environment. We saw strong demand for our security solutions at our enterprise customers as they embrace our Web Application Firewall, identity and access management and SSL capabilities. Our Services business had another solid quarter with revenue up 7% year-over-year and non-GAAP gross margins above 86%. This group provides customer support that is unmatched by any of our competitors, creating a significant differentiator and driving customer satisfaction and stickiness. The value of our Services capabilities only grows as complexities associated with multi-cloud deployments impact more customers. We had strong execution during the second quarter and we are encouraged by the underlying trends as we move into the second half of fiscal 2018. Our software solutions are gaining traction across deployment environments with strength in public cloud, Bring Your Own License and utility-based consumption. We saw good customer interest in our recently-introduced consumption models, particularly Enterprise License Agreements. The ability to offer more flexibility in procuring and deploying our Virtual Editions is enabling more strategic conversations with customers allowing us to reach a broader set of buyers. During the quarter, we closed several meaningful ELAs, including a transaction with a U.S.-based communication services company, which also included a hardware refresh and service renewal. Through an ELA structure for our Virtual Editions, we were able to meet the customer's need for enabling speed to market for their applications and frictionless movement between cloud providers as they aggressively roll out a multi-cloud strategy. Our ability to structure an ELA at a large U.S. financial technology provider helped us replace an incumbent WAF vendor in an account where we were not historically the primary ADC or WAF. Key to winning this deal was the breadth of our WAF functionality, the flexibility for enabling speed to market for application services provisioning, and the ability for our Virtual Editions to interact with our Silverline WAF and DDoS services. In both transactions, our ability to structure ELAs drove larger overall opportunities for F5. The traction we are seeing in software will be further enhanced by the introduction of BIG-IP Cloud Edition, which we officially announced earlier today. This release allows us to better reach the next tier of applications within our existing customers through improvements in usability and comprehensive per-app visibility, analytics and auto-scale capabilities. The solution gives customers a lightweight option when developing, deploying, and securing all applications at every step in the testing and production pipeline, including use cases designed around public and private clouds. Security is a critical component of an increasing number of our customer interactions. We saw good momentum in our WAF offerings, which delivered a solid year-over-year growth during Q2. We also saw growing customer interest in our identity and SSL solutions targeted at enterprise accounts. A great example of this momentum in security is a competitive win at a U.S. Government agency, driven by the performance of our BIG-IP appliances with our WAF modules. A key differentiation in this deal was our ability to scale well in excess of the competition to meet the customer's need to protect over 100 global web-based applications. Our industry-leading WAF portfolio takes another meaningful step ahead of the competition with the availability of our Advanced WAF offering, an important component of our stand-alone security strategy. We have customized the form factor, features, and user interface in way that enable security teams to focus on getting the information they need to know, when they need to know it. As we outlined in March, we see additions to our security portfolio over the course of 2018 opening substantial new addressable opportunities. Core enhancements with Advanced WAF include bot detection beyond signatures and reputation to block evolving automated attacks, application layer encryption to protect against credential theft and DDoS detection using machine learning and behavioral analytics at layer 7. Advanced WAF supports a variety of consumption and licensing models, including a per-app, perpetual, subscription and utility billing. We are already seeing strong customer interest in the differentiated capabilities provided by our Advanced WAF, which is evident in a deal we won during the second quarter at a large African stock exchange, where our behavioral DDoS capabilities, in-browser encryption, and ability to integrate with our Silverline offering allowed us to stand out from traditional WAF vendors and cloud-native solutions. In a situation where the customer is migrating workloads to a multi-cloud environment, the ability to centralize critical security services and the cost savings versus individual cloud provider offerings resonated with the customer. From an organizational perspective, we are excited to announce Frank Pelzer has agreed to join the F5 team as our new CFO starting on May 21. Frank brings to F5 tremendous software and cloud experience, most recently as the President and COO as Cloud Business Group at SAP. Previously, he was CFO at Concur Technologies, a leading publicly-traded cloud-based travel and expense management solution that was purchased by SAP in 2014. Frank's background makes him an ideal fit for the next phase of F5's growth. We also announced today that John DiLullo, our EVP of Worldwide Sales, will be leaving the company in May to pursue other opportunities. Steve McMillan, our Head of Global Services, will oversee the sales organization, while we undertake a full search to find John's permanent successor. In John's time at F5, he laid a restructuring of F5's sales organization, including evolving our channel program to better address cloud-enablement partners and security opportunities. With a strong set of theater leads now in place, the organization is structured for success, as is evident in our improved execution over the past several quarters. As we outlined at our March Analyst & Investor Meeting, we are evolving from an ADC company to a multi-cloud application service company that will reach every app anywhere. Our conviction that multi-cloud application services will define the next phase of F5's growth is only bolstered by my conversations with our customers. Having spent time with dozens of them this past year in every theater and across a diverse set of industries, not one of them believes the complexities they are facing managing their apps across multiple clouds can be solved by a single generalist cloud provider. They require a focused player who understands the intricacies of enterprise applications. While we have meaningful work ahead of us to achieve the goals we outlined in early March, I am pleased with our execution over the past several quarters. Both in delivering to the near-term financial targets we have laid out and with the progress in prioritizing and accelerating efforts in product development and go to market. As we move into the second half of our fiscal year, we see momentum both in terms of growing our product revenue and in continuing to deliver strong profitability and cash generation. We are focused on executing to the long-term strategy that we outlined in March and we look forward to updating you on continued progress over the coming quarters. Finally, I would like to thank the entire F5 team and our partners for their efforts during the second quarter. In particular, I want to thank Andy for his contributions over the past 20 years as he will be retiring from F5 in May. Andy was a key part of growing F5 into the $2 billion annual business it is today, instilling the structure and discipline that helped drive our enviable margins and cash generation. It has been a pleasure to work with him over the past year. And I know I speak for everyone at F5 in wishing him nothing but happiness and success in his future endeavors. With that, we will now hand the call over for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session for today's conference. Our first question comes from Jason Ader from William Blair. Jason, your line is now open.
Jason N. Ader - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yeah, thank you very much. And, Andy, wanted to wish you my best, and it's been fun working with you over all these years. So, good luck in your next chapter.
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thanks, Jason. Same.
Jason N. Ader - William Blair & Co. LLC: So, my question really is on the – I guess it looks like you're seeing some pick-up on the product side. And maybe it's a combination of infrastructure refresh and some momentum in software. I guess, firstly, is that leading to some larger deals? And it sounds like there may be some ELAs that are starting to get pretty chunky. And then, why do you think you didn't see more infrastructure refresh last year when you had iSeries just coming out and the rest of the industry seemed to be experiencing more refresh? Why do you think there has been this lag?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Hi, Jason. Thanks for the question. I'll start with the latter part. I think what we've seen last year is a number of customers who were considering or reconsidering their architecture, especially looking to move towards a multi-cloud environment and trying to figure out how much they would deploy in hardware, how much they would deploy in software, what would be in public cloud and private clouds and so forth. I think we talked about it last year, saying the decision cycle in some cases was causing some pause in their decision-making. I think to a certain extent that still exists, and we still see that dynamic in the marketplace. But I think we see also a number of customers that have kind of made their decisions on their architecture. And therefore, they're moving forward on their decisions. And whether it's ELAs in software or some hardware deployments, they're just moving forward. So I think that's the dynamic we're seeing in the market. I think in a number of cases we also see customers who have waited to make these decisions. But application traffic and the pressures on traffic kind of catches up with them and, at some point, they have to move forward and make their decisions. So, that's the dynamic in the market. In terms of ELAs, Jason, that's an offering that's only been in the market for us for really only a couple of quarters. And we're really pleased with the traction that we're seeing with this mode of consumption. It just gives a lot more flexibility to our customers to deploy our technologies in a frictionless way across on-prem or public cloud. And both the initial traction and the initial deals that we're seeing are, in fact, pretty chunky.
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: And then, Jason, I'd jump in and add to your question around deal sizes. Overall, we saw our average deal size increase in the quarter over Q1. So, Q1, we were at $113,000, and that increased to right at $123,000. And we also saw in Q2 – for Q2, in particular, a significant step-up in million-dollar deals, which is, for us, a good sign of business, especially this early in the calendar year.
Jason N. Ader - William Blair & Co. LLC: Is that contributing to the visibility for the second half? Is that part of it?
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah, I think in both François and my commentary, talking about momentum and talking with the salespeople, it's definitely a dynamic that we keep our eye on when we're assessing to make statements like that.
Jason N. Ader - William Blair & Co. LLC: Excellent. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you, Jason. And our next question comes from Alex Kurtz from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Alex, your line is now open.
Alex Kurtz - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, guys, for taking the questions here. So, as the sales organization starts moving towards ELA type of sales processes and, obviously, introducing some multi-cloud products that are new to customers and to the sales org, do you see a need to change or to kind of re-factor how the sales organization goes to market or how it's constituted? Or do you feel like the folks that you have in place can execute like a VMware-type ELA consistently every quarter? Or maybe you just don't see ELAs becoming a big part of the business longer term and it's not an issue?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Alex. It's a good question. So a couple of data points, perhaps just to frame the context for this. Software revenues are about 15% of our product revenues today, and largely ELA's applied primarily to our software business. So just to frame how much of a play it has in our current business. In terms of the implications for the sales organization, I'd say, number one, we are largely going after our existing customers so that the same large enterprises and large service providers that have been customers of F5 are the customers that want to consume us in these ELAs. So, it doesn't require for our sales organization to find an entirely new set of customers. We're talking about providing a different consumption model to our existing customers. We have been preparing the sales organization for this, so it's really more about enablement, making sure that the team understands the intricacies of these commercial models, and also making sure we have the right incentives in place. And so at the beginning of this year, we put some incentives in place for our sales organization to make sure that it was attractive for them to sell and market these ELAs. And I think we're seeing the traction as a result of that.
Alex Kurtz - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And Andy, it's a pleasure working with you and good luck with what's next.
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thanks, Alex.
Operator: Thank you, Alex. And our next question comes from Rod Hall from Goldman Sachs. Rod, your line is now open.
Rod Hall - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yeah. Hi, guys. Thanks for the question. Yeah, first of all, Andy, great working with you as well and best of luck in the future.
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thanks.
Rod Hall - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: I just had a couple of questions. One is Japan. The revenue rebound there was pretty substantial. So I just wonder if you guys could comment on the sustainability of that. Is that kind of more back to a normal level in your minds, or what's happening in Japan and how sustainable is it? And then the second question I had was just regarding the ex-Federal growth rate. That number kind of is up quarter-on-quarter, which looks a little bit better. So, I'm just curious what you think the trajectory of that non-U.S. Federal Government revenue looks like through the course of the year. Thanks.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thanks, Rod. I think I'll take Japan and Andy will talk to the Federal piece. Yes, so in Japan, I think generally you should look at that revenue as pretty stable. It's still a relatively small business in the overall picture of F5. So, you may experience a little bit of lumpiness quarter-to-quarter there. But what we're seeing right now, the momentum is pretty stable. I think there were some – cloud providers were perhaps a little late to the Japanese market relative to other markets and we're seeing actually a pickup in demand there with this multi-cloud strategy as well.
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: And then to the Government question, if you set Federal aside, yeah, you're right. It would look like – outside of the U.S. and state and local, it looks stronger, and that's lumpy for us, though, it's hard when we look at non-Federal to really see any determined seasonality, and I think an element of it is lumpiness. Federal, on the other hand, which was okay for Q2, we definitely see the September quarter much stronger with the other quarters kind of around this level. So, that's what I would attribute it to.
Rod Hall - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jim Suva from Citi. Jim, your line is now open.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you very (27:36) much. Can you talk about how we should think about the quarter linearity for this calendar year, the products and services? Kind of how you think about the linearity of whether it'd be seasonal, up, down, any product launch, transitions? How we should think about the products and services and, I guess, also security for this year?
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: So, Jim, you're asking just how are we looking at the linearity this year and expectations for revenue through the year? I'll consider that yes. I mean, I still think the way we see our year lay out, and I don't think we've changed our view on this, is Q1, Q2 are usually slower part of the year for us. And then going in the back half, Q3, Q4, which is our June and September quarters, is where we see strength. And a lot of that is how the sales organization is incented, Federal in Q4. And as you can see in my comments, for Q3, we expect to get back to product revenue growth, which is implied in the guidance that we gave and we think that bodes well for going into Q4 as well. So, generally, that's the view of linearity.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you so much for the information, yeah, that's what I was asking for. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment, please. Our next question comes from Simon Leopold from Raymond James. Simon, your line is now open.
Simon M. Leopold - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: First of all, Andy, congratulations. Best of luck wherever you head next. In terms of questions, two things I wanted to see if we could investigate. One is noticing the substantial deferred revenue, is it possible to quantify some aspect of the mix between software and services in that deferred revenue? I'm assuming that software is getting to be more significant within that. Can you help us quantify the mix?
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah, when you look at the deferred revenue, the vast majority of it today is maintenance contracts. So, you're right that it is building software and deferred related to that, but still the vast majority is the maintenance contracts.
Simon M. Leopold - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Appreciate that. And I wanted to see if we could delve a little bit more deeply in terms of the security mix. My impression is that WAF is really where you lead and sort of where you get much of the attention. I'm not necessarily trying to get a strict break down. But is your security-related revenue strongly dominated by the WAF products or is there a good traction in terms of identity, SSL? I'm looking for some idea of how we should think about the drivers. And in terms of the security market, certainly coming out of RSA last week, it sounds like expectations are that this particular market overall is getting better growth. Are you seeing better growth in security than what you anticipated just three months ago? Thanks.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Simon, I'll take that. So first of all, no, I would say our security traction in revenues is not just on Web Application Firewall. It's actually broader than that. We're getting a lot of traction in identity and access management, as an example, in SSL orchestration, which we've talked about; also in DDoS, with the introduction of our DDoS Hybrid Defender. So, there's a broad range of products that we introduced actually in our Q1 that are getting strong traction. We are talking about WAF in part because we introduced an Advanced WAF product that is very differentiated in the marketplace and allows us to extend our addressable opportunity, because it addresses a number of use cases we weren't addressing before, including things like layer 7 DDoS with machine learning and behavioral analytics, or preventing credential theft and abuse, which essentially we're the only vendor who provide these capabilities today. And so, we're highlighting that introduction, but the traction is pretty broad. Overall, in terms of growth in the security space, I'd say, we did expect to be growing in this area. We have said it was a strong driver and it continues to be a strong driver, and will be in the second half of the year.
Simon M. Leopold - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ittai Kidron from Oppenheimer. Ittai, your line is now open.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thanks. And, Andy, let me add my congratulations and good luck to you. It's been a pleasure. As to my questions, I wanted to focus on the software part of your business. Is there a way you can, if not actually quantify, at least qualitatively talk about how much of that revenue is split between Virtual Editions, Silverline, your as-a-service business and cloud consumption?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Ittai, we'll try and give you some pointers here. I would say, first of all, a majority of our software business is in the Virtual Editions. But a growing part of the consumption of the Virtual Edition is across multiple clouds, including consumptions of Virtual Editions in the public cloud. And so today, our customers buy Virtual Editions for on-prem deployments, but they also buy them to instantiate them in Amazon, or Azure, or Google's public clouds. And that's a growing part of the software business. The other factor, which is going to be, I think, an accelerating factor in that, is the introduction of our Cloud Edition today, really makes the consumption of Virtual Editions in the public cloud a lot easier; A, because it provides a lighter weight Virtual Edition to be used on a per-app basis. And a lot of folks who want to deploy in the public cloud want to do it on a per-app basis. And, B, because we provide with the Cloud Edition a centralized orchestration mechanism that allows customers to turn Virtual Editions on and off, or even to scale the deployment of Virtual Editions across multiple clouds, or across on-prem and public clouds. So, it's a big catalyst for Virtual Editions deployment across multi-clouds.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Got it. Just want to follow-up on that. Are you not concerned that the introduction of this BIG-IP Cloud Edition would kind of cannibalize your more – your existing Virtual Edition volume? And help me think about, as you look at the customers that have been adopting software from you, is there a way to think about what portion of those customers are actually net new to F5 versus software is just a reflection of a different purchasing framework for them?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah, Ittai, so to the first question, are we worried that the Cloud Edition will cannibalize our classic Virtual Edition? The short answer to that is no, we're not, and largely because customers who use the Virtual Editions today, they use it to typically support multiple applications, basically five to eight applications, I would say, on average. And the Virtual Edition is only to be used on a per-app basis. And there are very few customers who use a classic VE on a per-app basis. So, I think the cannibalization will be minimal. The other aspect of that is the per-app Virtual Edition also allows our customers to support and put Virtual Editions in front of applications that traditionally would not have had them. So, it's an expansion of use cases for us, including in security. The Cloud Edition is a great vehicle for our customers to put, for example, a Web Application Firewall in front of all their applications, which increasingly they want to do and, sometimes, they're required to do by regulation. So to the second point around which customers are deploying our software, I would say, it's actually both, existing and new customers. Most of our large customers are considering some form of addition of software to their existing hardware deployments. But we also have net new customers who haven't bought any hardware from F5 and are going straight to a Virtual Edition, either in the cloud or in their own data centers.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Very good. Good luck, guys.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Ittai.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Mark Kelleher from D. A. Davidson. Mark, your line is now open.
Mark Kelleher - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. Andy, congratulations, let me add mine as well. It's been great working with you. I wanted to ask about Silverline, specifically. Can you talk a little bit about how important that is for your sales effort and how big that's growing? And then, along those lines, as your model changes a little bit to more software, more security, how's the competitive environment changing? Who do you see as your challengers there?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Mark, let me start with Silverline. It's actually linked to your second question. What we're seeing is key, both in the Web Application Firewall market and in the DDoS market, which is where the Silverline offering has been focused, is the ability to offer both an on-prem solution and, essentially, an off-prem scrubbing center solution is actually key for a lot of large enterprise customers. And beyond that, the ability for us to signal from an on-prem solution to a customer that they should divert their traffic to a scrubbing center on an automated basis is absolutely a key differentiator. And that's really what Silverline brings to the table, is we have this ability to offer on-prem and off-prem solution and very strong signaling between the two solutions. And that's really the differentiator between us and other vendors that are either purely in a cloud DDoS or cloud WAF space or purely on the on-prem space. In terms of software and security, I think I'd have to separate those two. In security, we compete with basically a number of players and it really depends on the use case and the type of solution. In the space of – in software, really, I think we have perhaps smaller competitors that have an interesting story around nimbleness and agility of deployment. But what we've seen is really what the customer wants is both the agility of deployment and a depth and breadth of features to support critical applications. And I think with the Cloud Edition, we're essentially the only player that really brings both of those things to the market for the first time and we think it's actually going to grow the addressable market for virtual ADCs.
Mark Kelleher - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. Great. Thanks.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jayson Noland from Baird. Jason, your line is now open.
Jayson A. Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Super. My congrats too. Andy, it's been quite some time. François, a question on stand-alone security and coming out of RSA, any incremental thoughts there. And then, what do you expect to see with the split between on-premise solutions and cloud-based solutions from F5? And then, Andy, as a follow up, job postings at F5 have doubled roughly year-to-date. Should we expect a hiring ramp later this year? And I'll leave it there.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Jayson, couple of things. First, on the on-prem versus cloud offerings for F5, I think overall, the message I'd give you is that on-prem deployment for us is still the majority of the business, though, cloud deployments are growing relatively fast and certainly faster than on-prem deployment. The thing, though, for us that is the catalyst is that we're seeing – I would say, not a single one of the customers that I have spoken to in the last six months has articulated to me a strategy that was not a multi-cloud strategy. And so, every one of our customers has plans for evolving their on-prem architectures and potentially growing their deployment and doing some things in one or multiple clouds, and a lot of times they want to replicate their on-prem environment across multiple clouds. That's a big driver for us, because we're, I think, uniquely positioned as a vendor that supports both across their journey. Andy?
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: In line with our commentary about expectations for the back half, returning to product revenue growth, momentum in the business, yeah, the hiring is ramping up a bit. And we'll continue to manage it as we always have and watch the quarters unfold against our expectations on a week-by-week basis and adjust as we need to. But if all goes according to expectations, we should see hiring pick up.
Jayson A. Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thanks, guys.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Jayson.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jeff Kvaal from Nomura Instinet. Jeff, your line is now open.
Jeffrey Thomas Kvaal - Nomura Instinet: Yes. Thank you very much. And I guess, François, to begin with you, could you help us understand a little bit with a little bit more resolution what the cadence of new products may be across the course of the year? We've got some now. You talked at your Analyst Day about some through 2018 into 2019. And then that may segue into the second part of that, which is you'd talked about share gains in both physical and virtual, and if you could update us on that, that would be wonderful. Thank you.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Jack (sic) [Jeff] (43:25). So, what you should see in terms of new products is – so we did announce some of the products in our App Protect portfolio and campaign in February, including the Advanced WAF. We are going to release the Cloud Edition at the end of May this year. In the second half of this year, you should see more security, new stand-alone security products from our portfolio come to market and we'll talk about that at the right time. And then, you will see also from us in the first half of 2019 some exciting announcements, generally, in the software space and cloud solutions. So I think over the next 12 months, we're bringing to market some new solutions that essentially extend our addressable market into new use cases. In the hardware space, we have released a new variant of our iSeries, I think both at the low end and at the high end, first iSeries with 100 gig capabilities, and we're seeing quite a bit of traction with that capability coming up because moving to 100 gig in data centers is – not just in our ADC category, but across a number of other categories, that's a hot topic at the moment. So, that's what's ahead. Your second question was about share gains in virtual ADC and hardware. On that topic, I think what we've said at our AIM conference really stands in that. We feel that, overall, our hardware business, if you look at 2018, we expect that to decline in the low-single digit to flat. I think overall, based on what we see as market forecast, we will gain share, because the expectation of the market is declining at mid-single digits. And the reason I feel pretty good about that share gain is because I feel good about our position with service providers. I feel very good about the use cases that iSeries is enabling and the breadth of use cases that we can attack. And I feel very good about the conversation we're having with customers having made their decisions on architecture. So, I think I stand by what we said at AIM. In the case of the virtual ADC space, it's more of a nascent space, but growing fast. And I think if we maintain the growth rate that you've been seeing for the first half of the year, we clearly will be gaining share in that market.
Jeffrey Thomas Kvaal - Nomura Instinet: And repeating the software break out you gave at the beginning, we literally had a fire drill happening here. I just couldn't catch that.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: You couldn't catch the part on software, Jack?
Jeffrey Thomas Kvaal - Nomura Instinet: The software split at the beginning. I'm so sorry.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: So, the software was 15% of product revenue and the growth rate for Q2 was 28% year-on-year growth.
Jeffrey Thomas Kvaal - Nomura Instinet: Great. Thank you.
Jason Willey - F5 Networks, Inc.: Operator, I think we'll take one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from George Notter from Jefferies. George, your line is now open.
George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC: Hey. Thanks very much and, Andy, best of luck to you. I wanted to ask about the product growth rate. Obviously, it's been a real improvement here from December to March to your guidance for June and the back part of the year. I guess the question, is there a way to sort of apportion that improvement in growth rate by the different variables here, the product refresh, growth in Virtual Editions, maybe it's ELAs or Silverline? Just bigger or smaller than a breadbox type of question, like where do you think the growth is really coming from? Thanks.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, George. Well, if you recall, George, I think it was in our Q4 – at the end of our Q4 in the October earnings call, we shared at the time that we felt pretty good that we would return to product revenue growth in 2018. And at the time, we said the reasons were, number one, we had put the number of initiatives in with our sales organization in terms of some restructuring and some better alignment of our teams against some opportunities. And I feel John and his team have been executing very well against these initiatives and we're seeing that. Number two, we were also expecting to see traction with some new offerings we had put in place, including ELAs and subscriptions. And we are actually seeing that, and that's contributing. And then number three, the offerings that you're hearing, iSeries, what we've done on iSeries and the refresh, some of these new security offerings that we've put in place, all of these are catalysts for enhancement in product revenue growth. And we now have better line of sight to this than we did six months ago. So, all of the above are actually contributing, frankly, in line with what we felt would happen throughout the year.
George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC: Got it. Okay. Thank you very much.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, George.
Jason Willey - F5 Networks, Inc.: I'd like to thank everyone for participating today, and we look forward to speaking with you again over the coming months. Thank you, and have a good afternoon.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes today's conference. Thank you all for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-01-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Jason Willey - Director, Investor Relations François Locoh-Donou - President and CEO Andy Reinland - Executive VP and CFO John DiLullo - Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales
Analysts: Paul Silverstein - Cowen & Company Tim Long - BMO Mark Kelleher - D.A. Davidson James Fish - Piper Jaffray Jeff Kvaal - Nomura | Instinet Alex Henderson - Needham & Company James Faucette - Morgan Stanley Michael Genovese - MKM Partners Jayson Noland - Baird
Operator: Good afternoon. And welcome to the F5 Networks First Quarter and Fiscal 2018 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion. Also, today’s conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I’d now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jason Willey, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jason Willey: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. As Savvy said, I am Jason Willey, F5’s Director of Investor Relations. François Locoh-Donou, President and CEO of F5; and Andy Reinland, Executive VP and CFO will be speakers on today’s call. Other members of the F5 executive team are also on hand to answer questions following the prepared remarks. If you have any questions after the call, please direct them to me at 206-272-7908 or j.willey@F5.com. A copy of today’s press release is available on our website at www.F5.com. In addition, you can access an archived version of today’s call from our website through April 25, 2018. You can also listen to a telephone replay at 866-456-9376 or 203-369-1276. In today’s call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect, and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized on our quarterly release and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. Before we begin the call, we wanted to announce that we plan to hold our 2018 Analyst and Investor Meeting in New York on the morning of Thursday, March 8. More information on the meeting, including a link to where you can register for the event is available on our Investor Relations webpage. I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Andy Reinland: Thank you, Jason. Fiscal Q1 was a quarter of disciplined execution. We delivered Q1 ‘18 revenue and non-GAAP EPS above the midpoint of the ranges we provided in October and executed another quarter of strong gross margin and cash flow. We continue to see strength in our software offerings, particularly deployments in the public cloud and our services business delivered another strong quarter of revenue growth. First quarter revenue of $523 million, up 1% year-over-year was above the midpoint of our guided range of $515 million to $525 million. Driven by the recent U.S. Tax Reform Legislation, GAAP EPS of $1.41 per share was below our guidance of $1.47 per share to $1.50 per share. Non-GAAP EPS of $2.26 per share was above our guidance of $2.02 per share to $2.05 per share. I will discuss the impact of the tax law changes in more detail later in my comments. Product revenue of $227 million in the first quarter was down 5% year-over-year and accounted for 43% of total revenue. Services revenue of $296 million, grew 7% year-over-year and represented 57% of total revenue. On a regional basis, Americas revenue grew 2% year-over-year and represented 56% of total revenue. EMEA revenue grew 7% year-over-year and accounted for 27% of overall revenue. APAC, which accounted for 14% of the total, decreased 5% year-over-year and Japan at 4% of total revenue decreased 12% from a year ago. Sales to enterprise customers represented 64% of total sales during the quarter. Service providers accounted for 20% and government sales were 16%, including 8% from U.S. Federal. In Q1, we had five greater than 10% distributors. Ingram Micro, which accounted for 15% of total revenue, Tech Data accounted for 12%, Arrow and Cynics each accounted for 11%, and Westcon accounted for 10% of revenue. Moving on to our operating results, GAAP gross margin in Q1 was 83.3%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 84.7%. GAAP operating expenses of $294 million were within our $288 million to $298 million guided range. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $258 million. Our GAAP operating margin in Q1 was 27.1% and non-GAAP operating margin was 35.5%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 38.7%, and our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 24.6%. GAAP and non-GAAP effective tax rates were impacted by the recently-enacted Tax Reform Legislation. Our GAAP effective tax rate of 38.7% was primarily impacted by two large non-recurring items; an estimated $7 million tax related to deemed repatriation of undistributed foreign tax earnings, and a $11.6 million impact from the re-measurement of our deferred tax assets due to the change in the U.S. tax rate. Our non-GAAP tax rate of 24.6% reflects the benefits from the reduction of the U.S. tax rate. Turning to the balance sheet, in Q1 we generated $190 million in cash flow from operations, which contributed to cash and investments totaling $1.35 billion at quarter end. DSO at the end of the quarter was 50 days. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $6.5 million. Inventory at the end of the quarter was $29 million. Deferred revenue increased 8% year-over-year to $991 million. We ended the quarter with approximately 4,375 employees, up slightly from the prior quarter. In Q1, we repurchased approximately 1.24 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $120.73 per share for a total of $150 million. Moving to our guidance for fiscal Q2, we continue to see enterprises and service providers adopt our software and security offerings as core components of the next-generation application architectures. While this trend has lengthened sales cycles for hardware-based solutions with some organization in the middle of this transition, it is driving substantial growth opportunity in both private and public cloud deployments, providing a solid foundation for improving product revenue as we progress through the remainder of the fiscal year and beyond. With this in mind for the second quarter of fiscal year ‘18, we are targeting revenue in a range of $525 million to $535 million. We expect GAAP gross margins at or around 83%, including approximately $5.5 million of stock-based compensation expense and $2 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. Non-GAAP gross margins are anticipated at or around 84.5%. We estimate GAAP operating expenses of $296 million to $306 million, including approximately $38 million of stock-based compensation expense and $0.8 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. We expect a GAAP effective tax rate of approximately 26% for the second quarter and a non-GAAP effective tax rate at or around 25%. We anticipate tax rates to remain at or around these levels for the remainder of fiscal 2018 and will continue to update on a quarterly basis and while we are not yet providing tax rate guidance for fiscal year ‘19, it is worth noting that we would expect another small step down in both our GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates in fiscal year ‘19 and beyond, reflecting full calendar year impact from the new tax legislation. Our Q2 GAAP earnings target is $1.66 per share to $1.69 per share. Our non-GAAP earnings target is $2.24 per share to $2.27 per share. As a reminder, we will be hosting our Investor and Analyst Meeting in New York on March 8. And with that, I will turn the call over to François.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Andy, and good afternoon, everyone. During the first quarter, we saw continued momentum with our virtual additions and another strong quarter from our services business. We are increasingly seeing security lead the conversation in new opportunities with customers and our cloud activity is growing as more customers look to our solutions for help in deploying applications across multi-cloud environments. Earlier this month, we released our annual State of Application Delivery report. With over 3000 respondents, the report provides a comprehensive view into the application trends impacting enterprises, service providers and government organizations across the globe. The results show digital transformation is at the forefront of our customers’ minds as they look to optimize their IT infrastructure and evolve how they develop and deliver applications. Multi-cloud architectures are taking on growing relevance as most organizations pursue a best-of-breed strategy for each application deployment. Nearly nine in 10 respondents reported using multiple clouds with over half saying cloud decisions are made on a per application basis. Our customers are increasingly looking to automation and orchestration to realize leaner IT with the goal of reducing OpEx and better scaling applications to meet user demand. Trends around supporting multi-cloud deployments and the growing importance of automation align with areas where we have increased our development investment over the past year. During the first quarter, we introduced per application VE offerings supporting traffic management and web application firewall services, and we made platform enhancements that reduced the boot time and footprint of our software by 50% for public cloud deployments. These offerings are building blocks for enhanced central management and automation capabilities we will introduce later this year that support elastic provisioning of VE capacity. Executing in these areas will extend the number of applications we can address, whether these applications reside on-prem or in the cloud. Taking a closer look at first quarter results, revenue was above the midpoint of our guided range with strength in our software offerings. We saw a rebound in our EMEA theater as initiatives we undertook in 2017 to improve execution in this region are paying dividends. We continued to deliver strong profitability and cash generation even as we accelerate our development and go-to-market investment in software, public cloud and security. We are not satisfied with the current level of product revenue growth, but we are encouraged by improvements in execution and the continued strength in the fastest growing areas of the business. And while we have seen instances of longer sign-off periods for hardware-related sales within some organizations, our overall appliance revenue was in line with our expectations entering the first quarter. We continue to expect the iSeries platform will be a growing part of our appliance mix in the coming quarters. We believe these product family offers compelling performance and customization advantages versus competing offerings, and will enable us to take market share in the appliance segment as we progress through fiscal 2018. iSeries provides advantages and key use cases for customers including efficiently managing encrypted traffic and scaling to support high transactional applications such as IoT. We have several significant customer wins in the quarter driven by the SSL capabilities enabled by iSeries. These include seven figure deals with the government organization and a large financial services organization where our ability to efficiently inspect and re-encrypt SSL traffic was a clear differentiator overcome competing offerings. A large pan-European managed service provider will utilize our hardware, security and IoT protocol capabilities to support the need for securely scaling applications to better manage customer premise equipment and data. These include inspecting SSL traffic, providing DDoS protection, load balancing and authentication of IoT traffic. F5’s ability to innovate around scaling to support bi-directional communication in an IoT environment was a key contributor to this win. During the first quarter, our VE sales grew over 25% compared with the first quarter of 2017. Driving this growth was increased activity within the public cloud from both bring your own license and utility offerings. We are present within all three major public clouds in providing advanced application services and security across multi-cloud deployments is becoming a priority to customers as they move forward with their digital transformation efforts. We accelerate growth within the public cloud. We continue to deepen our partner relationships. In December, we earned Amazon Web Services networking competency designation by showcasing our ability to ensure performance, availability and security for business critical applications hosted within AWS. This follows our security competency recognition by AWS in October. We joined a select group of partners to meet the qualifications set forth by AWS for technical proficiency and customer success in multiple competencies. As we look to extend our solutions to a broader set of our customer’s applications, we are focused on creating more flexibility in deployment and consumption. Over the past six months, we launched our subscription offerings on large scale and launched enterprise license agreements. Initial customer response for these consumption models has been very positive, with a building pipeline, including net new opportunities across on-prem and cloud environments. Our enterprise security momentum remains strong in the first quarter driven by our WAF and identity access offerings. We believe we are uniquely positioned to address our customer’s growing needs around Application Security. Our F5 core is a non-matched level of application fluency with large complex applications. Our security capabilities are increasingly leading the way in opening new opportunities across our customer base. We continue to expand our application security portfolio across private and public cloud environments. Building on our market leading position in WAF, we are partnering with AWS to make our WAF security rules available to our common customers through the AWS marketplace. Today, we announced several new additions to the senior management team. We are excited to welcome Ana, Kara, Ram and Tom to the F5 team. These additions put into action the plans from the business review process we undertook last year and discussed on our Q4 earnings call. Focus on clearly aligning our product roadmap with customer needs through ADC and security business leadership is a key priority that Kara and Ram will drive. Tom will be responsible for driving the business long-term strategy, as well as overseeing corporate development and our incubation areas, which we will discuss in more detail in March. We are pleased with our execution in the first quarter and we are well-positioned to evolve with our customers as they make their digital transformations. To better reach the next tier of applications in the enterprise, we are reducing frictions associated with purchasing, deploying and managing our solutions. We are excited by our growing traction within the public cloud and the role our application security solutions are playing across our customer base. Driving improved product revenue growth remains our top priority and we expect to show progress on this front as we move through fiscal 2018. In closing, I would like to thank the entire F5 team and our partners for their efforts during the first quarter. With that, we will now hand the call over for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Paul Silverstein of Cowen & Company. Your line is open.
Paul Silverstein: Thanks. First one, Andy, from a, I guess, two perspectives, one from a macro in the health and in-demand perspective where it looks like the objective numbers relative to U.S. growth, EU growth, et cetera, have been trending up and [indiscernible] right now to be quite favorable.
Andy Reinland: Yeah.
Paul Silverstein: And so there’s a favorable economic backdrop. And then, in terms of the company specific issues or product market specific issues, especially relative to the product refresh from a year ago that hadn’t transpired and we still don’t see the product revenue growth picking up, the question being, can you give us more insight, more detail on what you’re seeing in terms of customer behavior, their willingness to spend, as well as your particular issues in the ADC market?
Andy Reinland: Thank you, Paul. So, I’ll start, on your first question as it relates to Europe. I think you heard that we had some challenges in Europe in 2017, which we felt were linked both to some macro issues around the environment, Brexit, some uncertainty around regulation, and we also felt that some of it had to do with our own organization and some execution challenges we were having. Over the last, I’d say, two quarters, we felt the number of these have gotten -- have moved in the right direction, so a lot of the macro uncertainties in Europe I think are resolved. There’s more clarity around Brexit, generally the European economies in Continental Europe are doing much better. And so we feel that the macro environment is generally better, and we’ve made some changes in our own formation in Europe. We’ve made some leadership changes. We’ve also realigned our teams towards what we perceive to be the best opportunities for growth. And as a result, we’re doing better. We are really encouraged by the results we saw in Europe this quarter. We’re cautious because we had several quarters of challenges there, but we’re also optimistic about what we’re seeing with our pipeline generally in Europe and our execution. Your second question was on product revenue growth; and generally, the customer behaviors that we’re seeing. There hasn’t been much change on that front since last quarter that -- we’re seeing two things specifically on the iSeries refresh. Number one, the adoption of the product continues to be very strong. It is a very high-quality product. Our customers really see actually new use cases for the product and really love the performance of the product, so we’re continuing to see strong adoption within our customer base for the platform. On the other hand, we’re also continuing to see some delays in decision-making related to hardware, in part because of the complexity of the architectures that our customers are dealing with now. As they move applications across multiple clouds, some in hybrid cloud, some in private cloud, some in public cloud, the variables in the decision-making process are just more complex and we’re seeing elongated cycles of decision-making and that’s one of the reasons. I think the key reason, why we don’t think we’ve seen the growth acceleration that we would have expected at this point in past cycles.
Paul Silverstein: And François, just a quick clarification, if I may, on your commentary about seeing strength in public cloud with respect to enterprises adopting multi-cloud architecture, I know you don’t quantify it, but I am asking you if you would be willing to quantify it for the benefit of all of us, I think it’s awfully important?
François Locoh-Donou: Yeah. So we don’t quantify it, Paul. I think we’ve said it is growing fast. These numbers are still small relative to our overall revenues. They’re growing very fast, and we’ve actually exceeded our own expectations again this quarter in terms of the growth we’re seeing in our solutions in the public cloud. We’ll probably say more about -- overall our public cloud strategy, the solutions we have in there, and the traction we’re seeing in the public cloud at our Analyst Meeting in March, Paul.
Paul Silverstein: And you don’t believe there’s any cannibalization or meaningful cannibalization?
François Locoh-Donou: Actually I do think so, you have to part that into two domains. There are some applications that are -- that we support that are moving to the public cloud and generally we have a very strong attach rate to these applications. But I think in these use cases, it is substitutive to something we would have done on-prem in the past, so that -- there’s definitely an element of cannibalization or if you will, just a change in deployment model of on-prem versus public cloud. But we’re also seeing net new use cases, so we do acquire and we did again this quarter acquired a number of net new logos, so these are companies that have never bought from F5 before and bought for the first time in our public cloud partners AWS, Azure, or Google. And we’re also seeing some types of deployments that we would have not had access to before. So a number of our deployments in the public cloud are utility based. This is where customers are essentially renting F5 Virtual Editions for hours, and we’re already billing several millions of hours of Virtual Edition in public cloud today, and that’s net new incremental for us. That’s not opportunities we would have had access to before.
Paul Silverstein: I appreciate. I’ll pass it on. Thank you.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Our next question is from Tim Long of BMO. Your line is open.
Tim Long: Thank you. Just two for me as well, if you talk about, a little bit about the service line, it was very strong again, a little stronger than expected here, was there any kind of one timers or anything abnormal with seeing the growth reaccelerate there? And then on the telco vertical, a little bit less than normal seasonal in Q4. Could you point a little bit to what might have held that business back and talk a little bit about the outlook for the telco piece looking out the next few quarters? Thank you.
Andy Reinland: Yeah. Tim, so I’ll start with the service line and I think a couple of things is when we tend to see seasonally just based on calendar end contracts align and things like that and that helps drive business. We also had a program in place for really focusing on going after business in Europe that we felt we weren’t focused on enough and actually had a pretty effective quarter in recapturing a lot of maintenance contracts that for lack of a better description slipped through the cracks. So those one-time things helped drive the strength that we saw. So we’ll see that pullback a little bit in Q2 along with normal seasonality but that’s built into the guidance.
John DiLullo: Yeah. This is John DiLullo. Also I can answer the question about the carriers. We saw as per normal a little bit of lumpiness last quarter and it didn’t come exactly where we’d expected. But aren’t reading anything long-term into that and continue to see a lot of activity in both the software and the hardware environments in that vertical.
Tim Long: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Mark Kelleher of D.A. Davidson. Your line is open.
Mark Kelleher: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to go back to the product revenue. I want to probably stick on that a little bit here. The last three quarters we’ve seen continued deceleration and in this quarter despite the iSeries kicking into its cycle and strong Europe, we’re seeing that deceleration again. So what are the headwinds that you’ve been facing that are -- that you see going away that will allow that topline to grow into next year -- this year?
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Mark. So I think actually from an iSeries refresh perspective, we don’t see a change. We think the demand for the product is very healthy. As I’ve said we’re seeing new use cases for the product in IoT, high transactional applications, et cetera, and we think that’s going to continue for the longer term. There are though some product drivers of product revenue growth that we think are kicking in and probably will accelerate in the second half of the year. Virtual editions will continue to grow. We expect our public cloud revenues to continue to grow. We continue to see strong demand for our security solutions, in particular driven by WAF and the increasing trend towards to encryption of all traffic that we deal with. And our SSL capabilities position very well -- position us very well to deal with that. So security, Virtual Editions and public cloud, I think will continue to be a driver in the second half of the year. And then there’s some changes we’ve made, we’ve talked about our realignment during our earnings call three months ago. There’s some changes we’ve made structurally in our sales channels, go-to-market and some consumption models that we have started offering that we expect to have also an impact going into the rest of FY18. So when you factor all of that, I think we feel pretty good about what we’ve said last quarter, which is continued improvement in product revenue performance throughout the year.
Mark Kelleher: Okay. Just as a quick follow up, the -- Europe was very strong but the U.S., the Americas was kind of weak, was there anything particular going on in the U.S.?
François Locoh-Donou: No. Nothing -- I would say nothing in particular. I think the demand in service providers in the U.S. was, it’s typically lumpy but it was weak this quarter. So you factor all that in, it made up for I’d say a decent performance in North America but not particularly strong. I’d say North America enterprise was stronger than North America service provider.
Mark Kelleher: Okay. Great. Thanks.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Mark.
Operator: The next -- I am sorry, the next question is from James Fish of Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
James Fish: Hi guys. Thanks for the question here. Not to keep beating a dead horse but with product down 5% and it looks like actually on a billings basis you guys were down as well for the first time in a little while. At what point do you guys think that as we progress through the year that we could see stability in the product line, if at all and potentially what concerns you on sort of services billings potentially being down then on a year-to-year basis?
François Locoh-Donou: So I’ll take your question on the product and Andy will touch on the services, James. So you know, on the product first, this was an execution quarter for us. The product revenue came roughly in line with where we expected it to be. As you know, we don’t guide product revenue specifically for the other quarters, but the drivers that I’ve just gone through around software, security and cloud, as well as the initiatives we undertook both on the product and the sale side give us good visibility into where we think we’re going to be going into FY18. And we expect our product revenue performance to improve sequentially from what we had in Q1 throughout the rest of FY18. I think that’s what we said three months ago and we still feel pretty good about that.
Andy Reinland: Yeah. And then on the services business, yeah, that -- because most of our services business and revenue is driven by maintenance and renewals, and given where our product revenue has been over the last year and a half, many times we talked about we’re going to see that pull down our services billings overtime, and therefore, the revenue. We think returning to product revenue growth will then pull that back up. So year-over-year we are seeing it pull down a little bit on a percentage basis, it was expected, it’s directly correlated to our products business. That’s just how it is and as François said, as we expect to see that improve as we execute through the year, we’d expect that to see services pull from that as we return to product revenue growth.
James Fish: Got it. And then just a quick clarification, I am not sure if I’ve missed it, but did you guys mention what the average deal size was this quarter, I think last quarter it was about $122,000.
Andy Reinland: Yeah.
James Fish: And then, Andy, any color as to any change in the renewal rates?
Andy Reinland: Yes. So to the average deal size, this quarter it was about $113,000, so still within that kind of band that we see. We think a little bit of that’s seasonality, if you look a year ago Q1, it was $110,000. We’re not seeing any dynamic in the deals combined with that that would lead us to any other conclusion that we’re still in that band and we don’t think it’s pulling up or down deals. And as far as renewal rates, we saw that tick up because of the cleanup in EMEA, but overall I’d say it’s pretty normal.
James Fish: Got it. Thanks, guys.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Jeff Kvaal of Nomura | Instinet. Your line is open.
Jeff Kvaal: Thanks very much. I’d like to change the subject a little bit and get to tax. Part of that, Andy, is for you in terms of what can you tell us about how we should be thinking about the benefits to your free cash flow from the tax reform? And then, François, for you to some extent this gives you an even more powerful balance sheet to work with, what are the triggers that you might consider to deploy that? Thank you.
Andy Reinland: Yeah. So what we expect is we will see -- as we see the benefit of that through the year, the majority of it we think is going to fall through and now it’s still early days. We’re evaluating it against our strategy. But and we’ll talk more about this at AM. But there’s a reality to how we view our business and where -- how we value our business model, and we’re going to take all of that into consideration, and we think by March 8 we’ll be able to talk in more detail about what we’re going to do with that free cash flow. But again, as I started out, we’ll see a lot of that flow through, but reluctant to give anything more specific than that right now.
Jeff Kvaal: I can tell. Yeah.
François Locoh-Donou: And Jeff, on your -- to the second part of your question, so we will talk more about capital allocation at our Analyst Meeting in March, but I would say this, generally, access to capital has not impacted our capital allocation strategies historically and I don’t expect this tax rate to fundamentally impact our capital allocation strategy. And it has been and our view will continue to be that we want to return a fair amount of capital to shareholders and that’s been our practice. I think we have one of the strongest buybacks in the industry. But we’ve also said that when we have opportunities for M&A, we will be disciplined about these opportunities, but if we see opportunities to accelerate things that are strategic to us, we will do that. And that philosophy is not fundamentally changed by the benefit we’re getting from the change in Tax Legislation.
Jeff Kvaal: Okay. Thank you both.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Jeff.
Operator: The next questioner is from Alex Henderson of Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Alex Henderson: Thanks. Two quick questions, one, just looking at the March quarter guide on the revenues, is it reasonable to think that the rate of decline in products has hit the trough in the December quarter is down 5% or is it possible that we could see a similar decline or more in the March quarter given it’s against a tougher comp? And then the second question I had was really on the security side. I was wondering if you could give us some sense of, is WAF the vast majority of what you’re selling in security and if so, it looks like that’s becoming more and more of a feature on most of the security platforms that are out there. Has competition increased and made it more difficult in that space as a result of that becoming a more widely distributed feature on more and more platforms? Thank you.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Alex. I’ll take the first one. John will take security. So, yes, I mean, if you look at our guidance for the March quarter and you -- I think you do a good analysis on the midpoint of the guide, et cetera. Yes, it would imply that we have -- that the product revenue performance in Q2 will be better than what it was in Q1. And in fact, generally, when we look at our -- at the progress we have, the pipeline we see in our product revenue and the execution we see, we actually do feel we are turning the corner on product revenue growth in Q2, and frankly, we would be disappointed if we did not return to product revenue growth in the second half of ‘18.
Alex Henderson: How much is your comps there?
John DiLullo: Answering -- Alex, answering your question on WAF. So this is a really a great market for us and as you know, we have a leading product there. We have also a very differentiated product especially in our installed base, which is still a very large market for us to go after. And then, as it relates to greenfield opportunities with competition, I think we have some competitive differentiators, but we also have a lot of mobility and our product works in a multi-cloud environment and all the public clouds as well, and that’s one of the fastest areas of growth for us, people trying to standardize their security posture across the multi-cloud environment. So it’s mostly been a positive for us.
Alex Henderson: So you haven’t seen any erosion in that market or any increased pressures in it as a result of additional competition?
John DiLullo: No. I’d say there’s a greatly increased demand and some of our competitors are raising awareness and that’s generally been a positive.
Alex Henderson: Thanks for the explanation.
Operator: The next question is from James Faucette of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
James Faucette: Hi. Good afternoon. A couple of questions for me, first, just wondering with the kind of bringing some of the customers through service and maintenance contracts that expired back into the fold, if you will on those. I am wondering if we should think about that potentially hurting the chances that they will upgrade to the newest versions of product or does that help, just trying to think about like how that may impact it? And I guess as part of the improvement in Europe, any evidence from your perspective that the weakening dollar may have helped a little bit either in terms of accelerating close times or expanding product or deal size, excuse me? And then, I guess my last question is, François for -- with the appointing of Ram to be Director of Security, can you talk a little bit about how you would like to have kind of what his to do list is and what impact you’d like to see him have on security and tied to the existing F5 product portfolio, and over what timeframe we should expect that? Thanks a lot.
John DiLullo: Thank you, James. That’s a lot in there. Which is the first question again?
Andy Reinland: Well, I’ll start with the first one on the service and maintenance. Do we think that hinders customers upgrading and John can add on to this if he has additional commentary from his perspective, but really this was a program put in place, because we think we lost a little focus there. This wasn’t anything more than smaller deals were just not getting addressed. We regrouped the team and where they thought they were lost we said they’re not lost, go after them, and get renewals. And when we renew, we can capture the revenue for the period of time that’s gone by between the expiration of the contract and the renewal and we think that was the main driver there, not anything that you could correlate that that’s directionally how they might be thinking about upgrading their equipment.
John DiLullo: But I would add to that that it’s very powerful from a sales go-to-market perspective to continue to have that commercial relationship with those customers. It doesn’t inhibit future sales. In fact, it gives us lots of visibility in the challenges our customers are having and really sets up the next generation sales, so it’s hugely positive to have a high renewal rate for us.
Andy Reinland: Yeah. And then on the foreign currency, could that be helping us, I mean, clearly because we bill internationally primarily in U.S. dollars, it makes our equipment more affordable. Anecdotally, I am not hearing anything that would say that’s driving business. I would contend this really is more about projects that were delayed as they worked their way through everything going on from Brexit to GDPR and it’s getting to the point where it’s freeing up again. So I wouldn’t correlate those two things personally.
François Locoh-Donou: And then to the second part of your question, James, so Ram and his priorities. Firstly, on his background, RAM has a long experience in the security industry, both with more traditional security companies and more sort of next-generation cloud-oriented security companies. And so he has a very broad perspective of the industry and that is going to be very valuable for us, because in security we have no shortage of opportunities, and a key part of the mission for Ram is to really prioritize the opportunities that we go after. One of the immediate elements of what Ram is working on is we have been quite successful selling security attached to our ADC and we see opportunity more and more, and demand from our customers to take on some of our standalone security offerings that would appeal more to a sec ops buyer. And so Ram’s looking at what’s the best way to capture that opportunity and which offerings should be first versus offerings that would follow on later, and that’s an immediate priority. And then more broadly, in the space of application security, we’re seeing a lot of new complexities emerge. Those were validated again by the research we did in our State of Application Delivery report, where we’re seeing that, as people adopt more and more multi-cloud environments, their confidence in security solutions is actually decreasing. And really, there’s an opportunity to emerge as a partner to solve these new complexities. Where we start in this journey to multi-cloud application security, again is a set of priorities and investments that RAM is going to define for us.
James Faucette: That’s great. Thank you so much.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, James.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Genovese of MKM Partners. Your line is open.
Michael Genovese: Thanks a lot. Can you help us quantify some of these things in your security, for instance, security appliance attach rates? Do you have any kind of metric we can track there and even more importantly, standalone security sales as a percentage of revenue, and are we targeting that to grow over time, what can you share with us there? Thanks.
François Locoh-Donou: Hi, Mike. And so the last question is easy. Yes, we are targeting standalone security offerings to grow over time. To the first part, no we don’t break that out. I can tell you an important portion of our security or even of our ADC business is driven by security and I would say qualitatively that that portion of the business that’s driven by security is growing every quarter. The other data point I’d give you is that, as our public cloud business grows, the security attach rate in the public cloud is about double what it is on-prem and that’s because of the complexities of securing applications in the public cloud. So that’s as far as I’ll go as far as quantifying our security business, generally the trends are up and more important for us.
Michael Genovese: Okay. That’s fair. Thanks, François. And then you just hired a new Strategy Corporate Development Manager and so my question is how do you think he and his team can help you drive the topline growth in the company and do you think security will kind of be over weighted portion of that?
François Locoh-Donou: Yes, Mike. So there are multiple responsibilities for Tom Fountain who’s joined us last week as our Chief Strategy Officer. One is we have initiated a number of incubation initiatives where we’re looking at new developments that would have potentially long-term growth opportunities for F5 and these are under Tom in part, because Tom has also a background in venture capital and can help us provide the right oversight for this part of the business. Tom also owns our Business Development Group and our relationships with a number of companies with whom we have partnerships in the IT space. And these partnerships are actually quite important for the topline, because we co-market, we co-sale, we do certifications, we are integrated in their environments, whether it be SDN environments or next-generation IT architectures. And so those partnerships are key to short-term revenues and Tom’s going to help drive that with the Business Development Group. Then the last portion of Tom’s responsibilities is in fact corporate development and in that Tom has the experience to help us with the build versus buy decisions that we think we will be making as we assess opportunities in security and elsewhere around developing our portfolio.
Michael Genovese: Okay. Thank you, François.
Jason Willey: Operator, I think, we’ll take one more question.
Operator: Certainly. The next question is from Jayson Noland of Baird. Your line is open.
Jayson Noland: Okay. Great. Thank you. François, I wanted to ask about your comment on architectural change causing decision-making delays. Public cloud isn’t new and SaaS isn’t new, so maybe there’s an inflection point that’s happened of late, but could you talk to that statement a little more?
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. So what we’ve seen is a number of customers are when they’re making decisions and this comment was specific to the refresh cycle on iSeries, and specifically, on hardware purchases, where we’re seeing a number of customers before making these decisions as part of the decision-making cycle undertake a review of what assets do they want to have where. You will see that one thing that has changed year-on-year and we’ve reported on that in this State of Application Delivery report, is that customers are embracing multi-cloud and as part of that they’re having a sort of best cloud for the app strategy. So they’re making decisions on where an app is going to reside on a per app basis in cloud versus non-cloud. And as they go and make these decisions and have to make significant commitment on infrastructure assets, that decision-making cycle is elongated. Cloud is not new. You’re correct about that. But I think multi-cloud and per app decision-making around multi-cloud is a trend that we are seeing becoming reality. For us, frankly, while this has given I would say short term headwinds specifically on hardware and as we said, I think, last quarter, we didn’t see on hardware the uptick that we would have seen at this part of the cycle. Overall, we think over the long run it bodes very well for us, because we feel that we’re probably uniquely positioned to serve these needs across multi-cloud environments with our hardware, on-premises, our software on-premise and increasingly our software in the public cloud with multiple consumption models across all these environments. There aren’t -- there isn’t any other company that really has this breadth of offerings for supporting these multi-cloud strategies.
Jayson Noland: Okay. And then to finish things up you’ve called your growth areas cloud, security and then Virtual Editions. Is -- which of those is receiving the most investment or which offer has the most opportunity across those three?
François Locoh-Donou: So that’s a good question. So there are different stages of growth. I would say our Virtual Edition software is already a meaningful business for F5 and we continue to shift more investments in that direction. Security also I think is at scale for us at F5. Public cloud is more nascent. So in terms of growth in investment, public cloud probably has the highest growth of investments in these areas, but the two other areas are if you will larger to-date and with increasing investments year-on-year.
Jayson Noland: Okay. Thanks a lot, François.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you.
Andy Reinland: Thank you everyone for participating today. We hope that we see many of you in New York in March. Good afternoon.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-10-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Jason Willey - F5 Networks, Inc. Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc. François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc. Ryan Kearny - F5 Networks, Inc.
Analysts: Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Alex Kurtz - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC Michael E. Genovese - MKM Partners LLC Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Jayson A. Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Tal Liani - Bank of America Simon M. Leopold - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5 Networks Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion. Also, today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jason Willey, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jason Willey - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. As Lawrence said, I am Jason Willey, F5's Director of Investor Relations. François Locoh-Donou, President and CEO of F5 and Andy Reinland, Executive VP and CFO will be the speakers on today's call. Other members of F5's executive team are also on hand to answer questions following the prepared remarks. If you have any questions after the call, please direct them to me at 206-272-7908 or j.willey@F5.com. A copy of today's press release is available on our website at www.F5.com. In addition, you can access an archived version of today's call from our website through January 24, 2018. You can also listen to a telephone replay at 888-566-0574 or 402-998-0680. In today's call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized on our quarterly release and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. Before we begin the call, we wanted to announce that we plan to hold our 2018 Analyst Investor Meeting in New York on Thursday, March 8. More information on the meeting will be available shortly on our Investor Relations Events webpage. I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Jason. We ended our fiscal 2017 on a solid note, with record revenue and earnings for the fourth quarter. With solid growth in our virtual ADC offerings, particularly in public cloud environments, and continued strength in sales of our security offerings. Fourth quarter revenue of $538 million, up 4% from the prior quarter and 2% year-over-year, was above the midpoint of our guided range of $530 million to $540 million. GAAP EPS of $2.14 per share was well above our guidance of $1.64 to $1.67 per share. Non-GAAP EPS of $2.44 per share was also above our guidance of $2.23 per share. I will discuss these strong EPS results in more detail later in my comments. Product revenue of $249 million in the fourth quarter was down 2% year-over-year and accounted for 46% of total revenue. Service revenue of $289 million grew 6% year-over-year and represented 54% of total revenue. On a regional basis, Americas revenue grew 1% year-over-year and represented 58% of total revenue. EMEA revenue grew 7% year-over-year and accounted for 24% of overall revenue. APAC revenue, which accounted for 14% of the total, increased 1% year-over-year, and Japan at 4% of total revenue, was also up 1% from a year ago. Sales to enterprise customers represented 64% of total sales during the quarter. Service providers accounted for 19%, and government sales were 16%, including 7% from U.S. Federal. In Q4, we had four greater-than-10% distributors; Westcon, which accounted for 15% of total revenue; Ingram Micro, which accounted for 15%; Tech Data, which accounted for 13%; and Arrow at 10%. Moving on to our operating results, GAAP gross margin in Q4 was 83.2%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 84.5%. In Q4, we undertook a comprehensive business review and analysis of our strategy. Through this process, we took measures to better align resources around our strategy for growth. In particular, we will be accelerating investment in our roadmap and route-to-market efforts in the fastest growing areas of our business, cloud and security. As a result, we took a $12.7 million restructuring charge that is reflected in our GAAP OpEx results. GAAP operating expenses of $299 million were above our $283 million to $293 million guided range as a result of the restructuring charge. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $248 million, in line with expectations. Our GAAP operating margin in Q4 was 27.7%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 38.4%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 11.8% and our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 26.8%. During the quarter, the company repatriated $86 million of cash to the US. As a result, the company was able to utilize the cumulated foreign tax credits, which resulted in a one-time GAAP tax and EPS benefit of $21 million. We view this gain as a one-time occurrence resulting from proactive initiatives associated with executing our ongoing tax planning strategy. Both GAAP and non-GAAP effective tax rates also benefited from year-end adjustments related to our mix of profits recorded in lower tax rate jurisdictions. Turning to the balance sheet. In Q4, we generated a record $213 million in cash flow from operations, which contributed to cash and investments in totaling $1.3 billion at year-end. DSO at the end of the quarter was 49 days. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $7.5 million. Inventory at the end of the quarter was $30 million. Deferred revenue increased 11% year-over-year to $964 million. We ended the quarter with approximately 4,365 employees, down 150 from the prior quarter. In Q4, we repurchased approximately 1.26 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $119.06 per share for a total of $150 million. After the end of the quarter, the Board of Directors authorized an additional $1 billion for the company's share repurchase program. For all of fiscal 2017, revenue was $2.1 billion, up 5% from fiscal year 2016. Product revenue of $965 million grew 2% from the prior year and accounted for 46% of total revenue. Service revenue of $1.1 billion grew 7% during the year and represented 54% of the total. GAAP net income for fiscal year 2017 was $421 million or $6.50 per share, and non-GAAP net income was $543 million or $8.38 per share. For fiscal year 2017, cash flow from operations totaled a record $740 million and capital expenditures were $39 million. Moving to our guidance for Q1, we remain confident in our position in the market and growth opportunities for the business, with solid momentum in the cloud and security space. While we see continued impact on near-term spend by customers evaluating their application architectures, the long-term trend toward multi-cloud environments is a strong and fundamental growth driver for our solutions. With this in mind as well as factoring in our normal seasonality, for the first quarter of fiscal year 2018, we are targeting revenue in a range of $515 million to $525 million. We expect GAAP gross margins at or around 83%, including approximately $5.5 million of stock-based compensation expense and $2 million in the amortization of purchased intangible assets. Non-GAAP gross margins are anticipated at or around 84.5%. We estimate GAAP operating expenses of $288 million to $298 million, including approximately $38 million of stock-based compensation expense and $0.8 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. We anticipate a GAAP effective tax rate of 33% for the quarter and a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 31%. Our Q1 GAAP earnings target is $1.47 to $1.50 per share. Our non-GAAP earnings target is $2.02 to $2.05 per share. Finally, as has been our practice, we want to provide you with broad modeling assumptions for the fiscal year. For fiscal year 2018, from the base of Q1, we anticipate sequential revenue growth throughout the year. We anticipate non-GAAP gross margins in the 84% to 85% range for the year. We expect non-GAAP operating margins in the mid-30s range for the first half of the year and increasing through the second half. Stock-based compensation is anticipated to be in the range of $175 million to $185 million for the year. Capital expenditures are expected to range from $8 million to $10 million per quarter for ongoing infrastructure investments and smaller facilities projects. In addition to these costs, we anticipate approximately $30 million to $40 million in CapEx cost related to our previously announced move of our corporate headquarters to F5 Tower in downtown Seattle as we ready the space for occupancy in calendar 2019. We expect our effective tax rates to average approximately 32% to 34% on a GAAP basis and 30% to 32% on a non-GAAP basis for the year. These effective tax rates do not factor in potential impact from federal tax reform initiatives. As Jason mentioned, we will host our Analyst Investor Meeting on March 8 in New York. With that, I will turn the call over to François.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Andy and good afternoon everyone. We ended fiscal 2017 by delivering record revenue, non-GAAP EPS and operating cash flow for the quarter and the full year. During the fourth quarter, we saw strong momentum in our virtual addition and advanced application security offerings and solid performance in our services business. We are excited by increasing customer interest in our software-based solutions, and we expect this area of the business to be a key long-term growth driver. In Q4, we undertook a comprehensive business review with the goal of examining both the near- and long-term strategy for the company. The process solidified our belief in the long-term growth opportunity within our core application services market, enabled by the growing importance of application security and emerging consumption models for ADC technologies. We see customers increasingly adopting a multi-cloud strategy, with a wide range of applications hosted across on-premise, private, co-located and public cloud infrastructure. This multi-cloud world allows customers to more easily develop and deploy applications, but it also brings new challenges in application delivery and security to the forefront. We are confident that our breadth of application knowledge and our depth of product capabilities position us to be the key partner in helping customers solve these growing complexities. Commitment to this strategy is already evident in the solution offerings we are bringing to market, which are focused on more flexible purchasing models for virtual editions and making our offerings more lightweight, more scalable, and easier to manage. In the planning process for our fiscal 2018 year, we prioritized R&D and go-to-market resources, the key focus areas of cloud enablement and application security. We are also in the process of strengthening our senior leadership team around these competencies. As we move forward, we expect to invest aggressively in hiring and resourcing high-priority areas, while ensuring that we manage our operating expense levels to continue the company's track record of delivering strong profitability. We look forward to sharing more detail on our long-term strategy and introducing several new additions to the F5 leadership team at our Analyst Meeting on March 8. Taking a closer look at fourth quarter results. Revenue was above the midpoint of our guided range and we saw strength in our software offerings, including virtual editions and security modules and in solutions for the service provider vertical. Our services business delivered another solid quarter in Q4, with key business metrics including renewal rates, attach rates and pricing in line with historical trends. In the fourth quarter, we saw several meaningful examples of customers moving forward with projects that have been on hold, as they evaluated their application architectures. We saw a local technology company that had been delaying purchases as they evaluated a cloud-only strategy move forward with our solutions in a hybrid deployment approach as they realized not all their applications were best supported by a public cloud environment. In another example, after an extended evaluation of various cloud options, a large financial services customer moved forward with F5 solutions in conjunction with Equinix and a public cloud provider. This decision was driven by our ability to allow the customer to replicate their security posture across a multi-cloud environment. In the fourth quarter, we saw continued momentum from our web application firewall offerings. We closed the deal with a major U.S. credit union consisting of appliance, software, and professional services solutions that was driven by the capabilities of our WAF offering to address specific threat requirements. During the quarter, we received a strong third-party validation of our leading WAF solutions. Industry analyst firm Gartner placed our WAF offerings in the leader section of their Magic Quadrant. As part of a more focused security strategy, we see WAF playing an increasingly important role as more customers realize the need to deploy this layer of protection in front of an increasingly large number of applications. This sentiment was echoed to me in a conversation I had with a large European bank, where their internal policies are migrating to require a WAF in front of all applications. We also had strong results from our advanced firewall manager, where we see growing interest from mobile and fixed line service providers. In the fourth quarter, we saw meaningful follow-on orders from a leading U.S. mobile operator looking to better manage and secure rapidly expanding data traffic and deployments at a large media and technology company to support high-volume traffic for internal applications. Our advanced application security offerings are proving a key competitive advantage for on-prem deployments and as customers look to migrate applications to the cloud. We believe application security is more essential in the cloud, and we are finding our security capabilities are leading the conversation with customers as they consider shifting workloads to the cloud. This is evident in the stronger attach rates we are seeing for our security solutions in public cloud transactions. Growth in our virtual editions remained strong during Q4, with sales up over 35% year-over-year for the quarter and for the full year. Revenue from our public cloud, Bring Your Own License and utility offerings more than doubled in the fourth quarter compared to the prior year. This demand is being driven by a combination of existing customer's lifting and shifting applications and customers new to F5. Our advanced application, delivery and security solutions are now available across all major public cloud providers. We view these vendors as important partners as we look to help customers manage and protect their critical applications no matter where they reside. Recently, we have enhanced our relationship with Amazon Web Services, earning certification for their Security Competency program and launching with the Gulf cloud marketplace. As part of our increased focus on cloud migration and enablement initiatives, we are excited to be involved in several AWS initiatives around the channel, including AWS's Marketplace Channel Incentive Program and its Channel Opportunity Registration Program. We believe the scalability, feature set, and reliability offered by TMOS, our iSeries platform, and our application security solution remain essential for customers as they look to support mission-critical applications and begin to explore multi-cloud environments. We are committed to making these solutions available for a variety of purchasing models to meet our customers' needs, including subscription, Enterprise License Agreements and consumption-based pricing. As we look to FY 2018 and beyond, we are excited by the emerging opportunities across the application services market, and we are well positioned to grow our share in both hardware and virtual solutions. In closing, I would like to thank the entire F5 team, our partners and customers for their support throughout our fiscal 2017 year. With that, we will now hand the call over for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. The first question on the line is from Ittai Kidron from Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thanks. I guess, François, maybe you could help me kind of figure out some of the mixed messages I'm kind of getting, or this is just my interpretation, like on one hand, guidance, it's the third time in a row that I think that you are taking down guidance relative to where the Street is. Yet it sounds like you're very optimistic and you feel comfortable providing visibility to fiscal 2018, that you will be able to grow sequentially through every quarter. Maybe two questions here. One, what gives you the confidence about your ability to grow starting with the first fiscal quarter of 2018 through the rest of the year? Number one. And number two, can you help us better understand your realignment? Clearly you reduced head count, but at the same time, we talked about high rank. Was it not a head count that could be repurposed, or for what product areas you kind of pulled back resources, where are you putting them back in? Help us understand where the dollars are going?
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Ittai. Good questions. Both are actually related. I'll start with the first one on the confidence we have going into 2018. Look, what we're seeing is, there is potential great drivers of product revenue growth that are actually long-term drivers for the company where we are doing very, very well. And that's the case for what we've seen in the virtual ADC market, with our virtual addition, we grew 35% both quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year for the full-year 2016 versus 2017, and we think that's a long-term trend. Our business in the public cloud more than doubled both year-over-year and also in the quarter, and we continue to see very strong growth in our security offerings. So these drivers, we think, are emerging trends that are becoming meaningful and are longer-term for the company, so we are very excited about that. That is actually linked to your second question around the realignment of resources that we made in the fourth quarter. Essentially, we decided to raise the intensity and focus on these areas that are growth areas for the company. And so we're doubling down on our investments in public cloud and in security. We're also doubling down in our investments in the virtual ADC space. And so these are realignments that we made both in our product groups, essentially in our R&D function, but we also made some adjustments at the front-end of the business. So in the global sales organization, we made some adjustments to focus more resources on our cloud enablement partners and also add security specialists. We're doing similar things with our marketing organizations focusing on these programs that target potential growth in the cloud. And so the timing of these adjustments is why you're seeing a sequential decline in head count, but we are going to be aggressive about hiring in these areas where we see potential growth.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: As you look into your virtual addition and cloud business, is there any way for you to tell or track how much of this is just revenue that's moving from an on-premise deployment into just a different consumption model, versus something that drives incremental consumption, revenue upside somewhere, somehow down the road? How do I think about – because those numbers will grow quite some time as your customers move from on-premise to cloud. But how do I get a sense whether those are incremental and additive to the overall picture versus just a trade from one side to the other?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: I think what we look at, Ittai, is when we look at our public cloud business, there are two components to that. One component is essentially existing customers that are migrating workloads with us to the public cloud. And generally, we have a very strong attach rate. When our customers are migrating workloads where we have been supporting them, we have a very strong attach rate than when we were migrating to the public cloud with them. But we also see net new customers that go and start buying from F5 directly on our virtual addition in the public cloud. And when I mentioned growth earlier in my comments, both areas of our public cloud business have been growing. The other area that we'll look at is, as we make our virtual offerings more scalable, lighter weight, and we continue to enhance the management and orchestration story around these offerings, we think we're going to be able to address more applications within our own customer base that we are not supporting today. And again, that's an incremental business opportunity for F5.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Very good. Good luck, guys.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Ittai.
Operator: Our next question on the line is from Jim Suva from Citi. Your line is now open.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks very much, François. It's Jim Suva from Citi. I believe last quarter, you saw a pause in, I think it was the EMEA region with some delays due to roadmaps and pushouts and Brexit and such. Can you let us know has that continued to linger or have those come back? Because it looks like as it hasn't snapped back. I mean, it was growth, but I'm just wondering if it is fully resolved or still kind of lingering there? And then I'll probably have a follow-up.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Hi, Jim. Generally I would say there were two aspects of the situation in Europe that we mentioned last quarter. One was more macro, and I think we also said there were some elements that were linked to what we felt was our own execution in the region. On the macro environment, which included the Brexit situation and also some regulatory uncertainty, there hasn't been a fundamental change. Some of these regulations we think get taken care of in the first half of next year. But we still think at a macro level there is quite a bit of uncertainty in Europe. In terms of our own execution, as part of the realignment that we mentioned, we did indeed make substantial changes in the formation and shape of our resources in Europe. And we have started to see some benefits from that. We think we had good execution in Europe this quarter. So we're cautiously optimistic about how we're executing in Europe, but we're still going through some changes. So we want to be cautious about what we see in the next few quarters in the region.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. And then my follow-up is on your guidance, both for the December quarter and then your longer-term guidance. Can you help us understand kind of the difference between the product revenues and the service revenues? You'd mentioned sequential growth every quarter. Was that kind of for both of them or is there some lumpiness or some transitions we should model for services versus products?
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: No, and we generally don't give guidance on product and services, but I will say to the earlier question of our confidence, our services business as we look out, we feel pretty good about. I mean, we think that's going to be a key component of that sequential growth off of this Q1. Beyond that, there's nothing I would give you to model. Yeah.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thanks so much for your details and I'll cede the call.
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thanks, Jim.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Jim.
Operator: Our next question is from Alex Kurtz from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Alex Kurtz - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Yes. Thanks. Just two quick questions. Maybe you could talk about the importance you see in sort of the FPGA and the hardware acceleration you guys have traditionally had in the technology and how that's evolving as you guys put more applications in the cloud with your virtual instance. Do you see that as a point of increased R&D focus? Or is that going to flatten out over time? And just sort of how that fits into the competitive landscape. And then for Q1 in the guidance, just, Andy, if maybe you want to talk about how you see the different verticals growing year-over-year maybe, just a little bit of context of where you think the growth could be across the three main sectors. Thank you.
Ryan Kearny - F5 Networks, Inc.: All right. So thanks, Alex, this is Ryan. So I'll take the first question. Regarding FPGAs, FPGAs has definitely been a focus area for F5 and continues to be. In fact, it's one of the major drivers of the iSeries platforms actually that we've launched over the last year. And it's helping significantly in the price per performance generally on those platforms. Everything we do is software based, and then we look at accelerating different parts of the workload. And so on our iSeries, and on our hardware, it's definitely been a significant benefit to the iSeries platforms. Now, as some workloads are moving into software and even bit more specifically to public cloud, at the moment we don't make use of FPGA and specific hardware technologies in those environment, but we definitely can in the future. And it's definitely one of the things we are looking at to accelerate workloads in these software and virtual environment.
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: And then on the verticals, generally, we don't guide on that, but what I will say is, if we look at government and in particular Fed, that was a little bit disappointing to us this quarter, given what we normally do in a Q4. And I wouldn't expect that to repeat again as I look out to next year. We have some good initiatives in service provider, that I think as we look out, could have very positive impact in that area and both on a roadmap side as well – we'll talk about that probably more in March, both on that side as well as just go-to-market. In the enterprise, we continue to feel good about is our lead story. So...
Alex Kurtz - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: All right. Thanks, guys.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Alex.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Notter from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC: Hi, Thanks a lot, guys. I guess, I was just curious about, François, you mentioned other consumption models for customers. I think you referenced ELAs, usage-based models. Can you kind of talk about sort of the industrial, I guess, logic behind doing that? And when might you implement that? And how does that kind of washout for F5 financially, as you move to some of these models? Is it a net positive, neutral, negative? Just give us a sense there. Thanks.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah, thank you, George. So, George, just in terms of timing, to start with that, we have made available our subscription offerings to our customers on a large scale in Q4, and we're doing the same with our Enterprise License Agreements now. So we're pretty excited about offering this new type of consumption of our technology for our customers, because essentially it gives them more flexibility. And what we're hearing from our customers is they want more flexibility in the way they deploy and scale our technologies and also the way they pay for it, because for some applications there is uncertainty around how fast these applications are going to scale, how much throughput they're going to need, how long an application is going to be in production for. And giving them more flexibility just allows them to put our technology in front of more applications. So the real, the industrial logic for us is twofold. It's one is serving the needs of our customers and, b, is the opportunity potentially to serve more applications in more places, that includes on-prem, in private clouds and in public clouds. We are seeing this issue of multi-cloud become a big issue for our customers and we're doing a number of things to enable them to consume security and ADC offerings across multiple environments, and we see that as a big driver of adopting F5 as a solution.
George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC: And then just, Pat, on that, the impact of that. So if we take subscription, the volume of that ticks up rather quickly than, yeah, that could have an impact. Generally, you'd see us start talking more about deferred revenue and total contract value, those types of things. As we model out fiscal 2018, we think we're going to see that ticking up through the year, but the incremental value that it's going to create, we think offsets. But we're going to watch that very closely, and we'll update you if we feel – we think that's going to impact our longer-term model. The end goal, of course, is that over the lifecycle of a customer and looking at how long our customers utilize our technology, we believe it actually over time has significant increase to the overall dollars realized from each of those customers. So hence why deferred revenue and total contract value will come into play. On the utility model, we see that as purely incremental, right? It's our technology out in the public cloud where people can pick it up and use it just using a credit card, and that is something we've never offered before. So, small dollars still, but seeing that growth there, seeing it utilized in those environments, we just think adds incrementally to us.
George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC: Got it.
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: The other thing, George, just for clarity, the subscription offerings then the utility offerings are available only for our software and solutions. So think about that available for virtual additions either on-premise or in the public cloud, but it only applies to that portion of our business.
George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC: Yeah. Okay. Fair enough. Thank you.
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thanks, George.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question on the line comes from Michael Genovese from MKM Partners. Your line is now open.
Michael E. Genovese - MKM Partners LLC: Great. Thanks a lot. I just was wondering if you have a view either from yourselves or from industry analysts on what the TAM rate of your business is, specifically ADCs. How much do we think about them growing that market over the next year or two? And then secondly, in the past, we always heard you talk about the product revenue growth as a key kind of strategic priority for the company and just didn't hear as much conversation about that on this call. So, is that still a key priority? Do you have any kind of target for that? And any additional words or strategy on how you plan to achieve it?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Hi, Mike. Let me start with your second question. Is product revenue growth a priority for the company? Absolutely. And some of the investments and realignments that we've made in the quarter are all about making sure that we maximize the resources that we're putting in front of the highest growth opportunity areas for the company. And essentially what we've done is, we're not changing our operating model. We have strong profitability and we continue to drive that. But we are moving significant investments toward these high-priority areas for product revenue growth. So that absolutely continues to be a priority. In terms of your first question around addressable market and growth in the market, depending on what sort of market numbers you look at, I think the general view of the market is that over time, the hardware market is expected to decline slightly and sort of mid-single digit growth and then the virtual ADC market is going to experience very strong growth, both for on-prem environment and in public cloud environment. And depending on how these segments are accounted (38:00) et cetera, you end up with, in aggregate, sort of mid-single digit growth. I would say that, of course, our aim is over time to do better than the market in each of the segments in which we participate. And then in security, there's a lot of security market segments over there. We participate in a few key segments. I mentioned the web applications firewall in our prepared remarks. That is absolutely a focus area for all of us. And we are seeing very strong attach rates for our WAF offerings, especially in our cloud implementations. And we're getting a number of customers that want to put WAFs in front of more and more of their applications. So that's a big driver, and I expect that market, the WAF market in particular to grow at more than double-digits over the next few years.
Michael E. Genovese - MKM Partners LLC: Very helpful. Thanks, François.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vijay Bhagavath from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes. Thanks. Good afternoon. My question is around the guidance and how to extrapolate it from a product refresh point of view? And I think where I'm coming from is, given the guidance is weak versus expectations, I'd like to better understand which of the product portfolios in your view are outperforming or are underperforming versus your own expectations? And what's going on in the field? Like, what's the field asking for in terms of product refresh from F5? So, it helps us better understand the product cycle dynamics on a going-forward basis, at least, over the near-term. Thanks.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Hi, Vijay. I would say, the first is the areas that are outperforming for us, I think we mentioned, but in security, we have had a very strong year and a very strong quarter, both in enterprise and in service provider vertical, very strong demand there. Our virtual additions, again, very strong demand. You saw the growth numbers, 35% year over year. And then in the public cloud, we also are outperforming, more than doubling the business over the period. And specifically, I would say in the public cloud, we have a very strong security attach rates because folks, just (40:35) these applications. The problem application security in cloud becomes a real issue. The one area where I would say we didn't see the lift that we expected to see this quarter is on our iSeries and appliance – actually in the total business for appliance. iSeries in terms of the refresh, it continues to track with the refresh we had last cycle. So the customer adoption is very strong. What we are seeing from the field, to your question on the field, is actually interesting in that not only we're involved in a number of refresh and upgrades, but we're also seeing new applications for iSeries, because iSeries has some capabilities specifically around encryption and SSL that are pretty unique. And so we're seeing customers in the field want to deploy iSeries in front of new applications, even within an existing customer. But the one area where we feel we have underperformed relative to our own expectation this quarter is the total amount of business we expected to see from appliances as part of the refresh. We continue to think that the refresh is actually a driver of product revenue over the next few quarters, as we have more and more of our installed base on the iSeries. But for this quarter we're a little cautious, because we didn't see the lift we expected to see from appliances this quarter.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Certainly (42:00) François, that's very helpful. Quickly as a follow-up, on the telco side, I'd like to get your views on how strategic is the telco piece of your business for you? And the reason I ask is telco spending has been quite weak. I mean, we saw Juniper's guidance yesterday. So any thoughts on becoming more of an enterprise-focused company versus having both enterprise and service provider in the portfolio? Thanks.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you. Vijay, there are dynamics in the service provider environment that are good catalysts for F5 and we've seen that in 4G. We think we're going to see a potential, even bigger effect in 5G. A lot of these unlimited mobile data plans drive a lot of IP flows that need to be protected and need to be properly managed, and the scale, this is an area where the scale, the acceleration of our hardware, the performance of our security solutions, our carrier-grade firewall is very unique. And so, no, we consider the service provider segment of F5's business to be strategic, and in fact, in part of the realignment that we had in Q4, we enhanced the number of resources in that market because we feel that we are potentially under-distributed relative to the opportunity we have in the service provider space.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question on the line comes from Jayson Noland from Baird. Your line is now open.
Jayson A. Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you. I wanted to come back to the WAF market. The Gartner report you mentioned has F5 in the upper right, but also makes a point to say the market is moving away from standalone appliances to cloud-based WAF models, which makes sense for the DDos applications. I guess, the question is why are you a winner with a shift like that and competitors out there like a Cloudflare or an Akamai or an AWS?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Well, so, on the WAF specifically, we do believe that it's moving to the cloud, and I think as I said, our attach rate as a data point for you, our attach rate with WAF solutions in the cloud is double the rate that we're seeing in on-premise applications. And so, that's why for us, cloud and WAF is actually a very interesting driver of growth. In on-premise, we are also seeing potential for growth in the WAF space. One of the customers I mentioned in the prepared remarks, one of the large European banks, essentially told us that they have tested a number of WAF solutions, they've standardized on F5, largely because we have the best bot detection capabilities. We have excellent performance on false positive, which is a key criteria for them. We also have the ability to see a lot of the traffic, which allows us to implement a set of policy decisions for WAF that others cannot implement. And today, they see roughly 10% to 15% of their applications having a WAF in front of them, and they want to move to having 100% of their applications with a WAF, which is a great catalyst for us, both for their on-premise applications and some of them on the public cloud. So, we actually see the ability to have both present as a key advantage relative to some of the players you have mentioned. And the last point I'd mention on that is that, we also have a hybrid offering with our – we just launched WAF Express on our Silverline capability. We have WAF on-premise, and the ability to offer both in a combination and to signal between the two is a very unique capability that F5 brings that we don't see any other pure cloud players offering, and that makes a big difference.
Jayson A. Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay, thanks for the color. And then a follow-up on U.S. Fed that was down by our math over 25% year-on-year into the fiscal year-end. Was that in line with expectations, and any additional color you can provide there?
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: No, it wasn't. In fact, as we dissect it, we kind of see two dynamics in that area of our business, which we had a late approval of budget, which seem to impact the extensive process of getting POs through. And then unique to the Fed space is, once the fiscal year ends, the process has to start all over again. It's not like rolling into next quarter. And then generally, just the buying environment seems – there's enough uncertainty there that we were seeing that impact the business. Hopefully, we will see things firm up there that we won't see a dynamic like that next year. But you're right in your percentage down, and we were disappointed in that.
Jayson A. Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Andy.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Jayson.
Operator: The next question on the line comes from Tal Liani from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Tal Liani - Bank of America: Hey, guys. Thanks very much. Maybe part of my question was answered, but I'm trying to understand, your commentary is very positive, but at the end of the day, product revenues were down and you also have a weak guidance, so there is an issue. And if you can elaborate on the weakness, where is it coming from? And what are you specifically doing in order to address the weakness? And a related question is whether virtual solutions are deflationary to the market. If you're really strong, if you're selling – I think the first question asked it in a different way, but if you're going to grow dramatically, let's say in virtual solutions, does it mean it's going to be deflationary and the market may actually shrink for you or not? I'm trying to understand the dynamics there, too. Thanks.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Tal. Let me start with the second part of your question on whether virtual additions are deflationary overall. I would say that we believe over a period of time, the software, the virtual ADC market opens up more applications and growth in the market in terms of dollars, both in terms of volume and in terms of dollars in our market. And that's essentially because it allows us to get in front of way more applications in way more places to consume not just our traffic management capabilities, but also our security capabilities, our analytics capabilities, and a number of application services that we intend to bring to market. So, that's why, over a period of time, we think it creates growth in the market for us. To your point on where there is a weakness, I think part of the reason you're hearing positive commentary from us is, we had a record revenue quarter and full-year in terms of revenue, and we're excited about areas of the business that are very strong, that bode very well for the long term of the business. In the quarter specifically, where we've seen some weakness and actually where we're being a bit prudent and cautious about Q1, is specifically in our appliance hardware business, where we expected to see more of a lift in Q4 in our total appliance sales than we have seen as part of our refresh. And I think that's the area of the business that is under-performing relative to our own expectations right now.
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: And one thing I would add, Tal, is to the discussion around this transition to software impacting, we grew 35% this year, and interestingly enough, through the year our average order size has stayed pretty consistent. In fact, in Q4, it went up from last quarter, it was $115,000 up to $122,000. So we still see this dynamic where if they go with software, though the price point for the software is lower than maybe the appliances they were looking at, they tend to buy more instances of the virtual addition, and we see that offset. So and that's coming through in the average order size. So we'll see how this plays out as we go forward, but that's what we're seeing so far.
Tal Liani - Bank of America: And maybe just one follow up on the answer on the appliances. So, is that weakness going to stay? Meaning, there is a signal from the market that there is less demand for hardware and the market migrates to software. What drives the change? It may take you a few years to migrate the portfolio. At the end of the day, you're an appliance company, although you have virtual solutions, you're still an appliance company at the core. Most of revenues are probably coming from appliance sales and most of the installed base is appliance sales. So does it mean this quarter trends, does it mean that the transition may take a long time? Or what can you do in order to reverse the product trends?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah. So, Tal, I think couple of things. In terms of the product trends, number one for us is, as we've said, is doubling down in our investments, raising the intensities in these areas where we're seeing very strong growth, cloud, security, virtual additions. In terms of our appliance, the portion of our business that's appliance based, we've actually said we think we're going to perform. I mentioned earlier that the market was – overall, the market numbers were expected to decline over time at mid-single digit rates. We think we're going to perform better than market; a, because we're actually seeing great customer adoption of iSeries as part of the refresh; b, because we have very strong traction in the service provider space with both our appliance and chassis-based solutions; and c, because we believe that a number of our customers are deploying our hardware solutions in front of new applications. So we can't quantify that in terms of giving a specific guide on hardware for FY 2018, but we do think that we'll do better than the market with our appliance solutions.
Tal Liani - Bank of America: Got it. Thank you.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Operator, I think we'll take one more question.
Operator: Thank you. The question is coming from Simon Leopold from Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Simon M. Leopold - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thank you for taking my question. I first just wanted to see if we could get a little bit of clarification on the segment trending. Historically, we've never seen a sequential decline in the December quarter of services. And I assume there are seasonal reasons in terms of your customer behavior, why services would grow sequentially in December. I'm just wondering whether or not that pattern is different this year and you would see services sequentially decline?
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah. You know, we don't generally break it out, but I wouldn't assume any different pattern than we've seen historically with services in December.
Simon M. Leopold - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great, I appreciate that. And then the bigger trending question I have is really the availability of two alternate options for enterprise customers. One is just what do you see is the impact of hyper-converged infrastructure? The enterprise is deploying that technology, how does that affect your market opportunities? And then the other one is Microsoft's Azure introduced load-balancing functions in September. So that's a new cloud option. Wondering how you see that affecting your overall business? Thank you.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah. Simon, I will take the Microsoft question, and then Ryan will address your question on hyper-conversion infrastructure. So Microsoft's load-balancing is no different from our perspective than other sort of load-balancing solutions that are offered by native cloud providers like Amazon, also Google. And our view on it is fairly simple. We think there is some basic applications and requirements that will take advantage of these solutions, but the market we go after for large enterprise customers, there are two things that we believe they'll continue to look for from F5. Number one is, for a number of application, there is a feature of richness and depth, both in traffic management capabilities and in security capabilities that are quite differentiated as an offering from F5. And that's not going to change. And that's why we see such a strong win rate for us when our customers are migrating applications that we support to the cloud, it's because of that feature depth that they want. And then the second aspect is cloud portability or multi-cloud capabilities. F5 offers in a number of ways we allow customers to deploy their applications across not a single public cloud, but multiple public cloud and/or on-premise. Things like being able to manage their applications from a single pane of glass across all these environments. Things like the ability to manage licenses across multiple clouds. Things like that, things like having the same security posture across multiple clouds. All of those things are mission-critical for large enterprises, and this or that offering from a native cloud provider does not change that requirement. So, that's where we play and where we see a strong difference. Ryan, and on the hyper-conversion infrastructure.
Ryan Kearny - F5 Networks, Inc.: Sure, Simon. Yes. Regarding hyper-conversed infrastructure, we actually partner with a variety of hyper-converged infrastructure vendors, and we can actually run adjacent to those technologies, because hyper-converged infrastructure still need availability, still need security, and still need services that we offer. So whether we're running adjacent to the converged infrastructure or within the converged infrastructure, we actually partner with many of those infrastructures. And it's basically a benefit to us and our technologies. So...
Simon M. Leopold - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thank you.
Jason Willey - F5 Networks, Inc.: I'd like to thank everyone for participating today, and we look forward to talking to you again at the end of next quarter. Thank you. Have a good afternoon.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes today's conference call. Thank you very much for your participation. You may now disconnect at this time. Have a great day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-07-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Jason Willey - F5 Networks, Inc. Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc. François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc. Ryan Kearny - F5 Networks, Inc.
Analysts: Jess Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Brian J. White - Drexel Hamilton LLC Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Paul Silverstein - Cowen & Co. LLC Rod Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC Troy D. Jensen - Piper Jaffray & Co. Meta A. Marshall - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jeffrey Thomas Kvaal - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Alex Henderson - Needham & Co. LLC
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the F5 Networks Third quarter and Fiscal 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion. Also, today's portion is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to Jason Willey, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jason Willey - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. As Eve said, I am Jason Willey, F5's Director of Investor Relations. François Locoh-Donou, President and CEO of F5; and Andy Reinland, Executive VP and CFO, will be the speakers on today's call. Other members of F5's executive team are also on hand to answer questions following the prepared comments. If you have any questions after the call, please direct them to me at 206-272-7908 or j.willey@f5.com. A copy of today's press release is available on our website at www.f5.com. In addition, you can access an archived version of today's call from our website through October 25, 2017. You can also listen to a telephone replay at 800-964-4650 or 203-369-3682. In today's call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized on our quarterly release and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Jason. For the third quarter of 2017, our revenue of $518 million was up 4% from the third quarter of fiscal 2016, but below our guided range of $520 million to $530 million, driven primarily by lower-than-expected results in EMEA and Japan. GAAP EPS of $1.52 per share was above our guidance of $1.47 to $1.50. Non-GAAP EPS of $2.03 per share was within our guidance of $2.01 to $2.04 per share. Product revenue of $235 million in the third quarter was up 2% year-over-year and accounted for 45% of total revenue. Service revenue of $283 million grew 7% year-over-year and represented 55% of total revenue. Looking at revenue by theater, Americas accounted for 57% of the total, up 6% from the third quarter of fiscal 2016. EMEA, which represented 23% of revenue, grew 4% from the third quarter of last year. APAC accounted for 15% of revenue and grew 3% year-over-year. And Japan revenue representing 4% of the total declined 8% from a year ago. Sales to enterprise customers represented 65% of total sales during the quarter. Service providers accounted for 20% and government sales were 14%, including 6% of total sales from U.S. federal. In Q3, we had three greater than 10% distributors: Westcon, which represented 19.1% of total revenue; Ingram Micro, which accounted for 16.8%; and Tech Data, representing 12.2%. Our GAAP gross margin in Q3 was 82.7%. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 84.1%. GAAP operating expenses of $289 million were within our target range of $286 million to $296 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $250 million. GAAP operating margin was 26.9%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 35.8%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for Q3 was 31.1%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 30.3%. Turning to the balance sheet, cash flow from operations was $163 million. In Q3, we repurchased 1.2 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $129.37 for a total of $150 million. $324 million remains authorized under the current share repurchase program. We ended the quarter with over $1.2 billion in cash and investments. DSO at the end of Q3 was 51 days. Inventories were $31 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $7.5 million. Deferred revenue increased 10% year-over-year to $944 million. We ended the quarter with approximately 4,515 employees, flat with the prior quarter. As we review Q3 and look to the fourth quarter, in Q3, we saw iSeries adoption rates continue to previous appliance refreshes, which resulted in healthy sequential growth from total appliance sales. Security continues to be a driver of our overall business, both the Gi firewall in telco and application security in on-prem and cloud environments. Also, we saw no change in the competitive landscape during the third quarter and our win rates remained strong and in line with historical levels. Conversely, we're not assuming immediate improvement within the EMEA theater. We believe the short-term spending environment remains negatively impacted by Brexit, forthcoming GDPR implementation and general macro uncertainty. Our current federal pipeline and sales activity are in line with seasonal expectations. However, there is uncertainty in the timing with the federal budget that could impact sales cycles. And while we are very encouraged with the trends and sales with our customers that have more mature cloud architecture strategies in place, we continue to see delays in projects with those customers who are still evaluating their application architectures as they relate to hybrid and public cloud deployments. With these comments in mind, for the fourth quarter, our revenue target is $530 million to $540 million. GAAP gross margin is anticipated at or around 83%, including approximately $5.5 million of stock-based compensation expense and $2 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. Non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be at or around 84.5%. For Q4, we anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of $283 million to $293 million, including approximately $38.5 million of stock-based compensation expense and $0.8 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. We are forecasting a GAAP effective tax rate of 33% and a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 31%. Our GAAP EPS target is $1.64 to $1.67 per share. Our non-GAAP EPS target is $2.20 to $2.23 per share. We believe our cash flow from operations will be at or around $200 million. Product revenue growth remains our number one priority, and we remain committed to delivering strong profitability and cash generation. With that, I will turn the call over to François.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Andy, and good afternoon, everyone. While we delivered year-over-year growth of 4% and strong profitability in the third quarter, our product revenue performance fell short of our expectations. The reacceleration of product revenue growth remains our number one priority, and we believe we are well-positioned to deliver on this over the coming periods. Customer adoption of our recently introduced products remains strong and our revenue is increasingly coming from more diverse sources, including Virtual Editions, public cloud solutions, and application security. On the overall demand environment for our core ADC solutions, the cloud continues to cause some degree of pause while certain customers evaluate their application architectures and deployment options. Our conversations indicate many organizations are still trying to assess the true benefits of the cloud balanced against the true cost. Additionally, some customers remain undecided about how to work with large cloud service providers and avoid lock-in with one vendor, which we believe is increasing the exploration of hybrid and multi-cloud deployment. Over the long term, we believe the complexities and security risk of multiple deployment environments play to our strength. They require the types of advanced application services we excel at providing. As customer needs evolve, we are accelerating our efforts to meet their requirement for our solutions across various deployment environments and consumption models. While we have already made significant progress on these fronts, we recognize the need to move even faster to ensure we provide our secure application services in the way customers demand now and in the future. Taking a closer look at third quarter results, the EMEA theater again underperformed relative to our expectations. Conditions in the UK did not improve during Q3, and we saw headwinds in this market from a further slowdown in government activity. In addition, we are seeing several European-wide regulatory initiatives around data protection and usage creates short-term disruption in spending. We have taken a number of steps to ensure our resources are properly aligned to growth opportunities across territories and customer verticals. Our security solutions delivered solid growth in the third quarter. We saw strength in our firewall offerings into the service provider vertical where we believe we continued to gain market share. We saw additional purchases from a large U.S. service provider who is deploying VIPRION Gi firewalls across their mobile switching centers, as they provide significant scalability and performance over the customer's legacy vendor. In North Africa, a major telecom provider building out its LTE network is utilizing a VIPRION deployment to support multiple features, including Gi firewall, DDoS and application security. Within the enterprise vertical, attach rates for security modules remain high, and we had a number of wins around our web application firewall offering. This includes a large North American IT services management company that is implementing our WAF solution across iSeries appliances to protect against layer 7 attacks and provide compliance with security audits and PCI. As mitigating application level threats and ensuring policy consistency takes on increasing priority for our customers, security has become a key driver for F5. As it relates to supporting customers that have begun to make architectural decisions around moving workloads to the cloud, we are encouraged by the early signs. It is clear from our conversations with customers that they value the programmability and flexibility that TMOS and iRules provide. During Q3, we completed a deal with a large U.S. federal agency as a part of their process to lift and shift some of their applications to the public cloud. This involved the purchase of a significant number of VE licenses as the customer transitions some of their applications from our hardware ADC platform to our virtual offerings, both on-prem and in the public cloud. During the third quarter, we introduced several exciting new solutions aimed at helping our customers manage their applications in a multi-cloud world. These solutions give customers the freedom to deploy any application anywhere with consistent application services and enterprise-grade security. Key new releases included BIG-IP Virtual Edition for the Google Cloud Platform. This release means that organizations can now deploy F5 services in all major public clouds with Bring-Your-Own-License offers for instances ranging from 25 megabits per second to 5 gigabits per second. Container Connector supports the easy deployment of application services in containerized environments and simple integration of capabilities into management and orchestration systems. Application Connector inserts application services from the edge of the public cloud and securely connects any public cloud provider to the customer's interconnection or data center. In the case of AWS, Application Connector can automatically discover workloads for application services insertion. I want to take a moment to share some of my impressions from my first four months at the company and my thoughts on the significant long-term opportunity I see for F5. Since joining in early April, I have spent considerable time meeting with customers across verticals and theaters. Throughout these conversations, customers told me F5 is a key partner as they evolve their application architecture to support emerging hybrid and public cloud environments. They value F5's ability to enable consistent application services across environments, ensure applications are fully secured and compliant and protect them against cloud lock-in. One of the changes we are seeing is the demand to consumer technology in multiple deployment models, including private cloud, public cloud, software-only and various subscription and pay-as-you-go models. I believe these new environments and consumption models for application services will create a meaningful opportunity for growth in our market. As a company, we have already begun to refocus our energies around supporting the varied application deployment environments and consumption models our customers are demanding. This focus is evident in our recent product introductions that help customers better navigate a multi-cloud world. It is also evident in the new subscription pricing for Virtual Editions we introduced at the beginning of July. By putting more structure around our subscription offering, we can better engage customers across a spectrum of potential consumption models. Improving the ease of consuming our solutions is expected to open new customer opportunities and we are encouraged by the initial response. We are at the early stages of an evolution from a largely appliance-based ADC company selling perpetual licenses to a diverse secure application services company with a breadth of hardware, software and subscription-based services. While this evolution will not happen overnight, ensuring we are taking the necessary steps to remain the clear leader in delivering application services is where I am devoting my time and where we as a company will be devoting our development and go-to-market resources. Before concluding, I want to recognize the contributions of Julian Eames, F5's Chief Operations Officer and Executive Vice President, who will be retiring after the end of our fiscal year. Julian joined F5 in 2000 when the company boasted just over 500 employees and became part of the executive team in 2001. Julian has been a driving force behind developing a world-class services organization that now stands at over 1,200 people and generated over $1 billion in revenue in fiscal 2016. Julian will remain actively involved in his day-to-day operations until his retirement, and we have begun the process of finding his successor. I know I can speak for the entire F5 team in expressing my gratitude for Julian's contributions and wishing him the very best in his retirement. Finally, I'd like to thank the entire F5 team, our partners and customers for their support last quarter. With that, we'll now hand the call over for the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from Jess Lubert of Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open.
Jess Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Two questions, actually. First, for François, I was hoping you could provide some additional details to help us understand. How come at this point in the cycle we aren't seeing better product growth? And given the shift to workloads to the cloud likely to present a longer term market dynamic, I was hoping you could help us understand what gives you confidence product growth is likely to improve over the next few quarters. What needs to happen for that to occur? And then, for Andy, in the past, you suggested that if product growth didn't reaccelerate with the current cycle that you would potentially consider other ways to unlock shareholder value. So I was hoping you could update us on to what degree now might be the time to look at more aggressively buying back stock, paying a dividend or potentially even considering strategic alternatives.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Jess. Look, I'll take the first one on product growth. So where we are in the iSeries refresh cycle, we're about three quarters into the cycle. And typically, in the past, we've seen an acceleration in product growth once we are further into the cycle and iSeries represent a higher percentage of our sales. We are tracking – as you look at the percentage of our appliance sales that are represented by iSeries, we're actually tracking to prior growth cycles or prior product cycles. And that's part of what gives us the confidence that we can have product revenue growth in coming quarters.
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah. And Jess, on unlocking shareholder value, I think it's fair to say that, as an organization, we've always been open to looking at different ways to give back be it buyback or dividend, but we've always considered our self a growth company. And so, specific to your question why – is now the time or not the time, I think you'll find that under François' leadership, we'll continue to be that organization that assesses that. But, to his comments, we still feel very positive about our future opportunities in this space. And as we look out at our discussions with our customers, we talk a lot about this pause impact that we're seeing and we've seen that in previous cycles. We still think these complex workloads demand the services that we bring to the table and we continue to attack the market with that in mind. So, will we look at those alternatives? Definitely, and we'll continue to discuss them with the board. And I think you have to assess everything that also comes at you at the same time. But our focus is on driving the top line growth as we said, still managing for strong profitability and cash flow and executing to the best of our ability with these opportunities in front of us.
Jess Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Can you perhaps touch to what degree the shift to virtual is changing the dynamics of this product cycle and our legacy offerings falling off faster than we've seen in the past product cycles, because historically, as we moved into this point in the cycle, you are seeing acceleration. So I'm just trying to kind of understand what's holding it back, given the iSeries is doing well.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah, Jess. I think the shift to virtual isn't necessarily what we think is holding us back. As it relates to this quarter in particular, we didn't have the performance that we expected out of a couple of geographies; EMEA and Japan, but EMEA more specifically. And that's fairly specific to some macro environment challenges in the EMEA, some to do with the regulatory environment, specifically in the UK and more pronounced in the finance vertical. So that's what really, for us this quarter, led us to not be in the range that we expected in revenues. But, generally, our appliance sales are tracking as we expected it to be. We continue to see growth in our Virtual Edition offerings, both because of private cloud and now increasingly because of public cloud. And as we get further into the cycle, our expectation is to continue to see product revenue growth.
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: And Jess, in our comments last quarter, we talked about, we think of the timing of the rollout when we compare it to past cycles, we kind of message, we think if this is going to take off the way we've been talking about the end of Q4 and then going out stretching over the next 18 to 24 months. So we think it's playing out as we anticipated it would. We do see some headwinds that might mute the impact of it in this quarter, but we see the uptake in line with previous cycles. We like what we're hearing from our customers and our salespeople about how the new platforms are being received. And it's up to us to execute and get the revenue up.
Jess Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian White.
Brian J. White - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Yeah. François, I'm wondering if you could just get us straight here on what's happening in the cloud. We're talking about a pause. Do you feel like F5 is being marginalized as workloads go to the cloud or do you feel like this is something that you're going to – their customers are going to come back and they're going to go through refresh and they're going to purchase F5 products? The other thing is, I don't hear this. I don't really hear this pause from other IT vendors. So maybe if you could just explain why this is unique maybe to the ADC market at F5. Thank you.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Brian. So, a couple of areas. So, first of all, let me comment on the pause and then I'll come back to your comment on marginalization. No, we are definitely seeing that some deals are getting pushed out as some of our customers think through their architectures. And we have customers across the spectrum, so we have a number of customers who 9 or 12 months ago would have said, hey, we're moving everything to the cloud, and it created a significant pause in the their spend. And they've now made that decision, they've moved to the cloud and come back and their spend is actually healthier with us than it was prior to them going through the cycle. We have a number of customers and we're seeing more of them that are now going through the cycle and, as a result of that, are pushing decisions because they're revisiting their architecture decisions. In a number of cases, these are not deals that we're losing. We have visibility into these deals, we're not losing them, but they're being pushed out. And that's why we're using this term that we're seeing a pause. As it relates to marginalization, to your point around do we feel F5 is being marginalized, I don't think so. And I think you have to parse the market a little bit. For the customers that we have typically served and, typically, those customers have large and complex workloads, when they're moving to either private cloud environment or a combination of private cloud and public cloud, we are involved in the conversation, and we feel we have a very strong win rate and we have relevant offerings to support them. So I don't feel that there's any marginalization going on with our existing customer base. There are, however, a number of applications that are being basically bought in the cloud, but created directly in the cloud that are perhaps typically less complex workloads than we have served. These are, for us, significantly new opportunities, as the world goes more digital, more and more applications. And I would say, yes, in that environment, we are not yet participating to the degree that, eventually, I would like us to participate, but that's essentially an opportunity for us to extend our addressable market that we are going to look at how we can execute against that.
Brian J. White - Drexel Hamilton LLC: So is it reasonable to assume since this is a pause that we can see an acceleration in revenue not next quarter but, say, a year out, within a year?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Brian, we're not guiding for next year. But I would say we're pretty confident we will see product revenue growth in 2018.
Brian J. White - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Jim Suva of Citi. Your line is now open.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks very much. And just following up on your statement about some product push-outs, Europe has been a challenge and Japan for several quarters now and you've got to think about how long can you keep pushing and pushing and pushing to where you wonder is there something structural or fundamental with the sales process or the product itself. So it sounds like you believe that people are just pausing. Are you making changes to your go-to-market strategy or it sounds like you said that you expect product growth to continue into next year. How can you be sure, how can you be confident that it's truly not something more structurally in nature?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Jim. So, I think there are two effects in Europe from what we're seeing. One is a bit of the uncertainty that the regulatory environment is creating. There are things like regulation around data protection and all the regulatory, specifically, in the finance vertical, that is causing folks to think about location of data centers, what their hybrid cloud environments are going to look like, et cetera. That's the macro environment and we don't control that or how a real prediction into that other than we know that a lot of this regulation should be settled in the early parts of 2018. There are also some things that we believe have more to do with the execution of F5, so the more internal. And on those aspects, yes, we are taking actions. We believe that, in some cases, we have probably too many people in some geographies where there's not enough opportunity and not enough people and geographies where we see growth opportunity. So we are realigning our resources against the best geographies and verticals. I think as I said on the last call, because it's Europe, this typically takes a significant amount of time. It's not – it doesn't happen overnight. And we're also making sure that we're enabling our teams in Europe, both enabling and training our teams in Europe for the new opportunities that we're seeing around hybrid cloud environments, for an example. So, there are some things we're doing internally that we believe will help and contribute. And then the macro environment, we think, for the next six to nine months, we don't expect a significant improvement in the macro.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And then my follow-up question is on your guidance, specifically on sales. Since the results came in even below the low-end of your guidance, have you reassessed the process or reassessed your discounting or how you're rolling up your guidance so we can just kind of see how much credibility there is behind the guidance for the September quarter after the shortfall this quarter which was pretty noticeable?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: We have a pretty strong process that goes bottoms-up against pretty much every geography and vertical, and we continue to be thorough about it. We're being a bit more cautious about EMEA this quarter. We're not expecting, as I said, any improvement in the region, and so we've factored that into our guidance. But the process has been quite thorough as it had been from prior quarters. The other area that I would flag is in the federal space, there's a bit of timing uncertainty linked to the delay in the budget approval here in the U.S. And we have factored that uncertainty in the federal space as well in our guidance.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you so much for the details and clarification. That's greatly appreciated.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Jim.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Silverstein of Cowen & Company. Your line is now open.
Paul Silverstein - Cowen & Co. LLC: Guys, I have just a couple of very quick detailed questions. I'm hoping you'll bear with me. But, first off, François and Andy, I appreciate the questions about U.S. federal, but when I look at the numbers, if I'm looking at the numbers accurately, it looks like your non-U.S. federal is actually down a little over 7% year-over-year and down 11% sequentially. It's been an area historically that's been a fairly strong, albeit obviously not the largest bucket of revenue. But I'm curious what's going on there, if anything, in terms of secular versus transitory issues. And then specific questions that speaks to forward business. Andy, if you said it, I apologize, but if you didn't can you update us on average deal size, large deal activity? And if I recall, I don't think it's come up recently. But, historically, you had cited Virtual Edition impact, I think, as being 80% in general on average of the ASP of hardware, obviously, better gross margin in that it would net out as a wash in terms of bottom line or operating profit impact. Can you update us on that and what percent of revenue today is virtual? I appreciate that. Thanks, guys.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: I'll start on the – Paul, on your first question. Andy will take the second one. On the non-U.S. federal, I think in the UK, we also saw this quarter some delays. Well, I mentioned the delays in certain deals earlier. In the UK, we had some government deals that were delayed a little bit. Our non-U.S. federal number isn't very large, so there'll be an element of ebbs and flows quarter-on-quarter. But, specifically, this quarter, I think that was a factor.
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah, Paul. And then on a couple of your other questions; so our average deal size, we actually saw it pull back a little bit. Last quarter, it was around $125,000. And this quarter, it was $115,000. But, really, we didn't see anything in that. We've kind of been in this band for two to three years that would say is in this $110,000 to $125,000 range. So nothing jumped out at us there. Our large deals – our largest deals were good in that they were a little bit larger, but there was a pullback on the number of them. If we look above $500,000, we think that we'd like to see more than we had in the quarter, but I wouldn't describe it as a major issue that's been highlighted. We just have been watching that. And then the software versus hardware trade-off, there's two ways that we look at that. We don't break it out other than talk about software generally. But if we're talking VE versus hardware, the way they're priced, if we look at the different levels of throughput against the different appliances that we think is the trade-off, in gross margin dollars, we think it's pretty much neutral. We do see – if you also look at it from the perspective of just when people buy software only versus hardware, does that bring the average deal size down? And in the broader context, usually, we see them buy more iterations of software so it can be net neutral. We have seen though some outlying deals that are just smaller deals of less VEs that has brought it down, but we believe that will lead to more VE deals later. And in fact, as François talked about, if we can leverage those into more licensing type deals, we think we can accelerate that even quicker. So...
Paul Silverstein - Cowen & Co. LLC: Andy, if I may very quickly because I think this is really important. Speaks to what you guys are talking about. If we look at close rates, to your point that there's been this pause as more and more companies or a meaningful number of companies evaluate public cloud. If we look at your close rates, both measured by number of deals and by the timing – the timeframe of going from opportunity to close, can you give us any quantification that speaks to these delays?
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Just in terms of how long the cycle is?
Paul Silverstein - Cowen & Co. LLC: Yeah, how long the cycle is. And I trust it's probably already quantified, but if I looked at your pipeline, if you said you're making the argument that the deals are still there, but they're just not closing. If we looked at your pipeline, any quantification you'd give us?
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah, I think I'd approach it more from just a qualitative perspective and talk about visibility, right? And we do believe these deals that we see slip out – it's hard to say that while we're just seeing a shift from 90 days sales cycle to 150. And so that's how it will work through. I couldn't give you strong metrics like that to rely on. I just look at it in terms of visibility. And as we meet and talk with our sales teams over specific deals and watch how they're executing, we know that the verbiage around them in a lot of cases revolves around them still assessing how they believe they want to leverage cloud or hybrid and what they're going to do, and it does make it a longer selling cycle with less visibility and when the PO's going to come in the door, and that's this pause that we're talking about.
Paul Silverstein - Cowen & Co. LLC: I appreciate it. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Rod Hall of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Rod Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Hi, guys. Thanks for the question. I guess I've got one question and then I'll have a follow-up too. But I was just looking at Westcon plus Ingram. And the quarter-on-quarter growth there is, if you add the two together, like 12%. Those two were down 3% last quarter. So it feels like they're kind of bucking the trend. And I wonder is that sort of quantitative evidence of this cloud trend that you're talking about? In other words, that smaller deals are doing fine, but maybe big enterprises that you have more direct relationships are not doing as good or can you just help us understand what's going on with channel versus non-channel growth? And then, like I said, I've got a follow-up to that.
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah. So, the reality is, if we look at our top four distributors, Arrow is also another distributor that rolls in and out of our top 10% distributors. And really, we don't – we're not seeing any correlation to any broader issues to make there than just other, the ebb and the flow and lumpiness of business quarter in and quarter out with the geographies. If you look at Westcon, which this quarter peaked at 19%, I think, roughly two years ago, there was a quarter where they were at 19% too. And we've seen Ingram strong, so nothing that I would draw from a correlation there.
Rod Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So you don't see these – when you add the distributors up, you don't see the same acceleration pattern you see from the stuff you disclosed to us?
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: No. No.
Rod Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks for that. That's helpful, Andy. And then the other thing I wanted to ask you is, you – earlier, I think, in response to Jess' question, you said you're three quarters the way through the product refresh. But then you also made this comment that you guys still have pretty high hopes for the refresh looking forward. Can you juxtapose those two things just kind of clarify what you're seeing there? It sounds like you're quite a way through the product cycle from your point of view, but then again, you still have a lot to look forward to. So where are we exactly in that cycle from an outsider looking in point of view?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Rod, yeah, just a correction, what I said was that we were three quarters into the cycle not three quarters of the way through. And it's typically eight quarters – six to eight quarter cycle. So we haven't reached the midpoint of the cycle yet. We've just actually crossed the point where iSeries this quarter represented more than 50% of our appliance sales. In the past, we've typically seen that acceleration when we're closer to the 80% mark of our total appliance sales. So, to be clear, we think it's an eight-quarter cycle and we're about three quarters into it.
Rod Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And François, just on that, you guys had – I know you had released these products closer together. Thanks for the clarification, by the way, because I misunderstood what you said. You had released products closer together to kind of compress the cycle, but it sounds like you're thinking that this cycle is kind of more of a normal link at this stage. Has that thinking changed over time or is it, from your point of view, things still more compressed than they would have been maybe the last time you refreshed?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: I think if you look at how this cycle is tracking and we track that fairly closely in terms of what percentage of our total sales are with the new platform. It's tracking very, very closely to what we saw in the prior cycle. So it looks to be taking the same shape. There are some differences in the – obviously, in the environment. Last time we did a refresh, ACE replacement actually happened – the Cisco ACE replacement happened in the similar timeframe and so that gave us an additional boost. That's much less the case here. And also, as we've said before, we're saying that some of the deals getting pushed out as a result of the evaluation of cloud architecture. So, there are some things in the environment that are different to what we had a few years back. But in terms of how the cycle is tracking relative to what we've done in the past is very similar.
Rod Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from Troy Jensen of Piper. Your line is now open.
Troy D. Jensen - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Yeah, thanks for sneaking me in. Quick question for, Andy. Did you say in your prepared remarks that the head count was flat for the quarter?
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah. Quarter-over-quarter, we were essentially flat.
Troy D. Jensen - Piper Jaffray & Co.: So was your intention coming into the quarter to hire 100-plus?
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: No, I think we guided up to 60 and we just would assess it as we went along. As we executed on the quarter kind of two dynamics happened. We had some strategic investments we wanted to make that made us pull back a little bit on the head count. And then, as we were executing through the quarter, we just – as we were watching what was going on around the world we pulled back and were a little more cautious in managing expenses, and that resulted in people choosing to pull back on head count.
Troy D. Jensen - Piper Jaffray & Co.: So I apologize if I missed it, but did you say what your intentions are for hiring in the September quarter?
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: No, I actually didn't put it out there because it was flat. But like we do every quarter, we're going to watch how we're executing and bring people on board as we can. And I think if you go to the website, you'll see that we're hiring against a healthy pipeline of head count out there, and it will give you an indication of our activity.
Troy D. Jensen - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. I guess my thought would be that kind of the lack of hiring kind of doesn't really correspond with your thoughts if there is growth in the industry and investing for growth anymore. So, it would just...
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: I actually – no and I can get – totally understand, Troy, why you're asking the question. But I would counter that with discussion on the way we've always managed the business and with the focus on profitability as we've executed against revenue. And I think more you're seeing a short-term dynamic here than a long-term belief about this space.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: And the other thing, Troy, is you're looking at an aggregate number. You heard me talk about Europe, and I said we're realigning resources against opportunities. When we talk about the evolution of our offering towards subscription, virtual environment, et cetera, again, that requires some alignment of resources towards these opportunities. So don't mistake the total number in quarter for a lack of activity around hiring folks on what we believe are some very exciting growth opportunities for the company.
Troy D. Jensen - Piper Jaffray & Co.: All right. Understood. Good luck, gentlemen.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Troy
Operator: Our next question is from James Faucette of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Meta A. Marshall - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. This is Meta Marshall for James. A couple of questions. Have you during the refresh seen kind of any realignment of customers who might have opted for best last time opting for kind of good or better this time? And second question, just you mentioned that the transition to cloud is kind of an inhibitor right now or just that decision-making process. Are there any partnerships or acquisitions that you guys have looked at to kind of help customers speed that transition or decision process? Thanks.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Meta. On the first question, yes, actually, we are seeing a higher demand for best bundle than we would have in prior cycles, and that's largely because securities is important and increasingly important. One of the things that the cloud does is it dissolve the perimeter, and our solutions for security are application centric; they're not perimeter-based solution. And that's actually one of the reasons we're doing well with security and seeing more and more opportunities. So, the best bundle is actually the – we're seeing higher demand for that, which you can translate into we're seeing a higher security attach rates to our solution, which we actually think is a very good growth driver. As it relates to partnership and acquisitions, look, our philosophy about this has been and frankly is going to be, we want to have very strong organic plans for addressing the high-growth opportunities in our market, which essentially revolve around the cloud and security. And part of the resource shift that we talk about really relates to how we accelerate our execution organically against these opportunities. That being said, if we believe there's opportunities to accelerate that inorganically that makes sense for us, whether it's partnership or acquisitions, we will do that. We have a number of partnerships in place already in the ecosystem both with cloud providers and a number of IT – other IT players that help us, but we won't roll out doing some things in the marketplace if and when we see an opportunity.
Meta A. Marshall - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Kvaal of Nomura Instinet. Your line is now open.
Jeffrey Thomas Kvaal - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Yes. Thank you. And perhaps, gentlemen, I might return to the cycle question. Would you mind running through what it is exactly you mean by the iSeries tracking in line with prior cycles because I think it would be easy for us to sit here on this side and say, okay, well, F5 isn't quite delivering on the revenue expectations that you would all like to be delivering on, and so it seems at some level it's a little bit behind. So if you could clarify that a little bit for me that would be wonderful. And as part of that, I'm hoping that you could tell us why the 80% rate is where the inflection has come in prior cycles.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Sure, Jeff.
Jeffrey Thomas Kvaal - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Does that make sense? Yeah.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah. No, it makes sense. I understand the question. Couple of things. So, the reason we're saying it's tracking after prior cycle is really a key metric for iSeries is the adoption of the product in the customer base as in do our customers see good reasons to adopt this new platform and refresh their environment? And the best way for us to measure that is to look at the percentage of our total appliance sales that come from this new platform. And when you look at that percentage quarter-on-quarter, we're tracking pretty much exactly with prior quarters. Now, to your second question, which was...?
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Why 80% is the level we focus on.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Andy. That's largely because, in the past, that has been the point at which customers have made the initial deployments of this new platform, they've done the necessary software upgrades and test and proof-of-concept, they're a bit unfamiliar with the platform and they get into the mode of more repeat purchases and that's where we typically see an acceleration. That's what we have seen in the past and that's why we've looked at that 80% marker as a good indicator of the point in the cycle where we see this. As I said, again, the environment is different now than it was in the past, but if you look at these metrics we're tracking. The only thing, Jeff, that I would add is, whilst we look at the refresh cycle as a growth opportunity for F5, I think we also want to be clear that that is not solely what we see as the medium to long term growth driver for the company. And I want to be very, very clear with that, that we see the number of applications being deployed in private and public cloud and specifically in virtual ADC market, we see that as a growth market. And a big priority for us is to make our solutions easy to consume, remove any friction there is in consuming our solutions in different environments because we believe that is going to open additional opportunities for us, specifically, in the virtual ADC space. And that I see as a growth driver for the company. The other important growth driver is application-centric security. It is a bigger issue. We're seeing more and more attach rates to our solutions. We're seeing more security stand-alone opportunities. We have best-in-class web application firewall capabilities. We're seeing strong demand for that. And we think, with the cloud, there's going to be even more of a need for application-centric security. So, beyond the refresh, I see these two as important drivers for the medium to long term for us.
Jeffrey Thomas Kvaal - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you, gentlemen.
Jason Willey - F5 Networks, Inc.: Operator, I think we'll take one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Alex Henderson of Needham. Your line is now open.
Alex Henderson - Needham & Co. LLC: Sneaking in under the wire. So, just to be clear, when you're talking about disruption in Europe relative to data protection, that's not the GDPR initiatives? That's where they put their data centers, correct?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: So GDPR is one of the elements that we've seen as uncertainty – yes, creating some uncertainty in Europe.
Alex Henderson - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. So, the second question, if I could, the sales force, you're seeing any acceleration in churn in your sales force or other operational staffing levels as a result of the recent choppiness in your performance?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: No. Attrition are in line with historical levels. In fact, attrition is much better than it was even a couple of years ago. So, no, we're not seeing that.
Alex Henderson - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. Then one on the technical side. So, micro segmentation, containerization, is that causing any change in the way people are thinking about how to deploy your products, particularly as they try to look to single binary code architectures? And does that impact your business on that – as that transition happens to more of a DevOp delivered orientation? And then, second off – hanging off of that on the security front, almost every security company is talking about the importance of platform and, on the other side of the coin, talking about the importance of large data sets in order to do advanced analytics, can you talk about your positioning on those two subjects, please?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yes. So, I'll take the security question and Ryan Kearny will talk about what we're doing about containers. So, yeah, the position that we have that's actually quite unique in the security space is, as I said, number one, that we – unlike a number of other players, we're not a perimeter security company. We're more of an application security player. And one of the benefits that that gives us is we have the ability to see data in the line of the application of between the user and the application. And because of the capabilities in BIG-IP in terms of scale and throughput, we also have an ability to analyze the in-line data in real-time. So that gives us the opportunity to do some interesting things with the data, which we think is important and probably will play into our future. Ryan, on the containers?
Ryan Kearny - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah, sure. Yeah, Alex, good question. Container – containerization in micro-service environments have definitely been a hot topic and have shifted many customers' future architectures of their applications into these environments for some of the obvious benefits. One of the things François mentioned in kind of the opening comments is two major releases, two major technologies we released actually this quarter to actually address container and micro-service environments. One of them was the application services proxy, which sits inside micro-service environments to link those micro-services together, and then also, the container connector, which sits inside those environments, which is able to orchestrate effectively F5 technology, BIG-IPs in the north-south footprint, right? So, this quarter, we made some pretty major technology releases to address these environments that we've seen customer demand over the last – definitely over the last year for. I will mention one thing though about at least the micro-service environment. There's a lot of the – a lot of our customers are in architecture stage or development stages, and we've not seen production, we've not seen significant production environments in micro-service environments, but I do see that is coming. It's definitely coming and there's a major interest in it from our customers and is a major focus of our product development, technologies and road map.
Alex Henderson - Needham & Co. LLC: Given we got only a couple of minutes left and you said you were going do this last question, maybe I'll stick one in if I can on a really much broader subject. So, this company slowed down to a snail's pace, it's in the middle of the major product cycle and it's barely growing what it declined in the year ago. Get it that you want to say that there's accelerated growth. But you've always focused on being 100% oriented to being a pure ADC play in this one area. When companies slow down, sometimes you need to change your strategy. If you were to look at your second strength, which is your ability to deliver a great brand name and super distribution reach, why not become a little mini Cisco in the application layer, which is where Cisco would like to be and start to be – use your acquisition and your cash position to acquire companies that would then be able to leverage through your sales force to reinvigorate your growth rate? That's something that obviously happened at Ciena. Ciena wouldn't be where it was today if it wasn't for the acquisition of the Nortel MEN network.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Alex. Good reflections. Listen, one of the – I think where you are correct is, one of the key, I'd say, intangible assets of F5 is our understanding of applications and the concentration of application networking talent that exists at F5 is – I think is unparalleled in the industry. And you've heard me say before that I believe we have an opportunity to expand the breadth of application services that we offer. And security is actually one of these domains. Our philosophy around this is that we have to have strong organic plans to do that and there's a number of things we're doing organically that we've started executing on that we'll be able to discuss at a later stage, not today. But we're doing a number of things organically to expand our addressable market beyond perhaps the traditional solutions that we offer today. If and when we see some good opportunities to extend that inorganically, as I said, we will not rule that out. But it's got to start with some organic execution. And we have a priority, as I said, to grow the top line. We said that's our number one priority. We do see product revenue growth next year and we've got a number of exciting organic propositions that we're executing on that we believe will contribute to that.
Alex Henderson - Needham & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks for fitting me in.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Alex.
Jason Willey - F5 Networks, Inc.: So thanks, everyone, for their participation today, and we look forward to talking to you again in three months.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-04-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Jason Willey - F5 Networks, Inc. François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc. Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc. John D. DiLullo - F5 Networks, Inc.
Analysts: Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Jess Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Jeffrey Thomas Kvaal - Nomura | Instinet Jayson A. Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Simon M. Leopold - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Mark Moskowitz - Barclays Capital, Inc. George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC Alex Henderson - Needham & Co. LLC Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5 Networks' Second Quarter and Fiscal 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer portion. Also, today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jason Willey, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jason Willey - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. As Robert said, I'm Jason Willey, F5's Director of Investor Relations. François Locoh-Donou, President and CEO of F5; and Andy Reinland, Executive VP and CFO, will be the speakers on today's call. Other members of the F5 Executive Team are also on hand to answer questions following the prepared comments. If you have any questions after the call, please direct them to me at 206-272-7908 or j.willey@f5.com. A copy of today's press release is available on our website at www.f5.com. In addition, you can access an archived version of today's call from our webcast through July 26, 2017. You can also listen to a telephone replay at 800-518-0087 or 402-998-0052. In today's call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized on our quarterly release and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. I will now turn the call over to François.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Jason. I'd like to begin by echoing my welcome to everyone on this call. Thank you for joining us today. I'm thrilled to be taking the helm of F5, a company that represents such a strong platform for growth and innovation. My confidence in F5 has only been bolstered by the time I have spent with our teams, our customers and our partners this past month. Part of the major appeal of joining F5, in the first place, was its broad array of industry-leading products that customers love and its long record of successful execution in both sales and service. But I can say that my early insight into F5's position is also defined by the technical depth of talent and world-class operations and systems that I see here. I have the luxury of a fresh perspective to see just how deep the passion and loyalty run at F5. And I say that coming from Ciena, where the team's focus rivals F5 in terms of innovation and customer service. Beyond the company's core assets and its people, F5's core expertise in application services is a critical differentiator. With the speed at which this digital economy runs, the number of business-critical applications and the services they need will only increase. This insatiable demand for more applications and more application services bodes very well for F5. Because we stand in front of more applications than any other company in the industry, we understand better than anyone how to make those applications perform and how to secure them. In the near term, I intend to build on the foundation laid during John McAdam's tenure as CEO, and my immediate priority is maintaining our focus on the plans outlined in last November's Analyst and Investor Meeting. Those execution priorities are closely aligned with my own view of trends in customer demands and the opportunities ahead. Specifically, we will continue to expand the breadth of application services, including security, that we offer our customers. And we will accelerate our efforts to make our solutions easily deployable in the combinations our customers choose: in the public cloud, private cloud, co-location facilities and our own cloud-based platform, Silverline, as well as in the data center. I want to conclude by thanking the global F5 team, partners and customers for their incredibly warm welcome in my first month on board. And in the months to come, I look forward to connecting with F5's wider analyst and investor community, as well as reacquainting myself with those of you with whom I have worked in the past. I'd now like to turn the call over to Andy for a review of our second quarter.
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, François. With François new to F5, my prepared remarks for Q2 are a bit expanded and will flow as follows. I will open with high-level comments on the quarterly results, next share a number of Q2 customer wins, followed by an update on products for Q2. Then, I will give more detail on revenue and other selected financial results, as is normal, and conclude with commentary on new products and functionality being introduced in Q3, combined with our Q3 outlook. F5 delivered revenue of $518.2 million in fiscal Q2, reflecting year-over-year revenue growth of 7%. The majority of this growth came from sales strength in the U.S., highlighted by strong enterprise and service provider sales, offset by continued weakness in EMEA and lower-than-expected services revenue. We were particularly pleased to see product revenue growth accelerate to 7% year-over-year in Q2, up from 2% year-over-year growth in the prior quarter. GAAP EPS was $1.43 per share for the quarter, while non-GAAP earnings per share was $1.95. During Q2, we had a number of large wins that helped drive product revenue growth and reflect our continuing focus on opportunities in security and the cloud. To cope with the explosive growth of traffic resulting from its unlimited data plans, a large U.S. service provider is deploying VIPRION Gi firewalls across mobile switching centers, which will support over 100 million subscribers nationwide. VIPRION's superior scalability and high-performance enable the customer to replace its existing firewalls on a smaller footprint at significantly lower cost. As part of its Cloud Edge strategy, a top U.S. financial institution needed to provide secure access to third-party affiliates such as mortgage companies and credit card processors. Their decision to deploy VIPRION in an Equinix based co-location facility provided an extensible platform that can be used to lock their third-party affiliates to specific applications. The VIPRION solution also enables millisecond response times as they build and access applications in the cloud. In EMEA, a large government agency launched a project that includes plans to go digital in every court and tribunal. This involves initially moving three key services and later expanding to 20 to the Microsoft Azure Cloud Platform. The agency has license virtual additions of LTM, AFM and ASM, allowing it to operating applications seamlessly between on-prem and the cloud ensuring the same level of security. Closer to home, a large beverage retailer and a Silverline DDoS customer expanded its Silverline services with the new three-year contract that includes Silverline's WAF protection as well. Under the new contract, both the DDoS and WAF services will also be extended to the company's workloads in Azure. These another major wins during the quarter, as well as significant opportunities in the pipeline continue to validate F5's ability to deliver products that meet the increasingly varied and complex needs of our customers, as they migrate towards hybrid infrastructures. Contributing to stronger product revenue growth, the entire family of new iSeries appliances was available for the entire quarter. Customer response has been positive, and we continue to be happy with the uptick of the new platforms which was in line with prior appliance refresh cycles. We launched TMOS 13.0 during Q2, which includes a number of important new features. Among them, enhancements to enterprise and service provider protocols, including DNS, HTTP, and TCP and the addition of MQTT support, which is specific for IoT workloads. We also introduced new security features and functions, including OAuth 2.0 identity support and improvements to Behavioral DDoS, bot detection and fingerprinting. Also included with the launch of the TMOS 13.0 is the new, high-performance 40-gig version of our Virtual Edition. In addition, we continue to see steady demand for a 100-gig VIPRION blade, which now includes availability of our vCMP functionality. Other new security products introduced during the quarter include our new Herculon product family, which allows our sales force to sell DDoS Hybrid Defender and SSL Orchestrator in a stand-alone form factor or as solutions on BIG-IP. And, finally, we made our WAF solution available as a utility offering in the Microsoft Azure marketplace. Switching gears to detailed results for the quarter. Product revenue of $241.1 million grew 7% year-over-year and represented 47% of total revenue. Service revenue of $277.2 million also grew 7% year-over-year and accounted for 53% of total revenue. Revenue from the Americas accounted for 56% of total revenue during the quarter, up 7% from the second quarter of 2016. EMEA contributed 24% of revenue, up 4% year-over-year. While APAC contributed 15% of revenue, reflecting year-over-year growth of 16%. And Japan, at 5%, was down slightly year-over-year. Enterprise customers represented 65% of total sales during the quarter. Service providers accounted for 22%. And government sales were 13%, including 4% of total sales from U.S. Federal. In Q2, we had four greater than 10% distributors: Westcon, which accounted 17.9% of total revenue; Ingram Micro, which represented 16.3% of total revenue; Tech Data, formerly Avnet, representing 12.6%; and Arrow, contributing 10.5%. Our GAAP gross margin in Q2 was 83%. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 84.6%. GAAP operating expenses were $291.8 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $252.8 million. GAAP operating margin was 26.7%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 35.8%. And our GAAP effective tax rate for Q2 was 33.4%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 32%. Turning to the balance sheet. Cash flow from operations was $175.3 million. In Q2, we repurchased 1.1 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $138.16 for a total of $150 million. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.2 billion in cash and investments. DSO at the end of Q2 was 51 days. Inventories were $32.5 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $9.6 million. Deferred revenue increased 10% year-over-year to $929.6 million. We ended the quarter with approximately 4,515 employees, an increase of 55 from the prior quarter. Moving on to new products and outlook for Q3. In Q3, we will introduce new products and functionality that further extend our opportunities across on-prem, public cloud and private cloud architectures. First, we will introduce our support for BIG-IP in the Google public cloud. We will also be releasing App Connector 1.0, which enables our customers to connect the public and private cloud application infrastructures, effectively extending their private cloud workloads into the public cloud. In addition, we will launch a set of technologies that enable microservice environments, including our Container Connector, which orchestrates BIG-IPs with microservice environments; and a new Application Services Proxy, which links components within microservice environments. And we will release the next version of BIG-IQ, which further increases it's scalability and will provide our customers with enhanced visibility and analytics. As we look to the back half of the year, we continue to foresee momentum from the business drivers we outlined at the beginning of the year. The continued adoption of our iSeries products, accelerating sales of software solutions and F5's growing relevance in cloud environments, all serve as a foundation for continued product revenue growth. While, we are pleased with the uptick the products introduced in the first half of the year and excited about the opportunities the continuing influx of new products represent, we feel that the ongoing uncertainty in EMEA merits prudence as we approach our outlook for Q3. With this in mind, our revenue target for the third quarter of fiscal 2017 is $520 million to $530 million. GAAP gross margin is anticipated to be in the 83% range, including approximately $5.5 million of stock-based compensation expense and $2 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. Non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be at or around 84.5%. We anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of $286 million to $296 million. This includes approximately $38.5 million of stock-based compensation expense, and $0.8 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. For Q3, we are forecasting a GAAP effective tax rate of 34% and a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 32%. Our GAAP EPS target is $1.47 to $1.50 per share. Our non-GAAP EPS target is $2.01 to $2.04 per share. We plan to increase our head count by up to 60 employees in the current quarter. And we believe our cash flow from operations will be at or around $170 million. We would like to thank the entire F5 team, our partners and customers for their support last quarter. And with that, we'll now hand the call over for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, speakers. Participants, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. Speakers, our first question will come from the line Ittai Kidron of Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thanks. And François and Jason, good luck to you on your new roles. Andy, I guess, you're going to be the speaker for tonight. Maybe we can dive a little bit into what's going on in Europe and on the weakness that you're seeing there. First of all, is there a way for you to kind of quantify to us how much you missed over there? I'm just trying to gauge, if your report have been fine, where do you think you would have landed relative to your original guide? And then, is there any color you can give about that weakness, whether it be enterprise, service provider, ADC, security, North Europe, South Europe, UK, FX-driven, competitive-driven, anything that you can give would be greatly appreciated?
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah, yeah. So two things I'd highlight there related to guide. I'd be reluctant to quantify, but EMEA combined with the shortfall that we saw on services, which – we had talked last quarter about services continuing to decline, but then through the year we'd see it shallow out and then start to grow again. It ended up dropping a little more than we anticipated, and that was us just misreading the tea leaves on some end-of-life products, so to get that out there. Coming back to EMEA, the combination of those two, yeah, they would've had impact on the number we think. So that's why we're highlighting it, and it has our focus. And then, in terms of what we're seeing there, John, did you want to?
John D. DiLullo - F5 Networks, Inc.: Well, this is John DiLullo, so we have a very experienced team there. And I think they're doing well, but we're definitely seeing a few delays in a couple of areas. I think some of that is connected to some macro conditions. People are trying to understand exactly what it means, what Brexit means, from a data residency perspective and then, also, some of the new data protection regulations that are coming out. And I think that's pausing things for us and that's what's causing a bit of the delay there in order flow. And we have a couple of execution problems too that we're working through. We've put some new leadership in the UK and in Germany. And we're doing a lot more to map the teams to some of the public cloud growth opportunities out there, and also doing a lot more training. But I think we're making progress.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Okay. Andy, just a follow-up on that. On your outlook, you've mentioned it conservative just given the issues that you're seeing. Can you give us a little bit more color about your working assumptions into Europe specifically for the next quarter, or are you assuming no improvement whatsoever in the region? How do we think about your level of conservatism with regards to that region?
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah. I'm not sure conservatism is the word I'd use on this, because I think we've been talking with the sales organization, evaluating the pipeline, looking at the business. We've highlighted this for a number of quarters now. This really isn't a new dynamic for us. And I think taking it all in collectively, we looked at the picture that we thought we could expect from the business at this time and factored that into the guidance. And that's resulted in the guidance we gave you today.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Very good. Good luck, guys.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jess Lubert of Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Jess Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. And, François, welcome to the team. Couple questions. Maybe just first, can you talk about linearity in the quarter, average deal sizes and the percentage of revenue from new appliances? And then, in past product cycles we've typically seen a fairly healthy acceleration in product growth in the quarters following the big initial launch. So I was hoping to understand if you think we'll see a similar trajectory in the second half of this year.
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah, Jess. And you might have to help me if I miss one of your questions, but I think you started with linearity. And actually, early in the quarter, we felt pretty good about our start in January. As we got through the first month, we felt pretty good about it and then started to see it taper off. It was similar to the prior quarter, in that middle month kind of pull back and then landed okay, I would put it. And then, to your question on our product refresh. One thing we talk about a lot is the uptake in the product refresh, and I think at times we don't draw the conclusion we want you to draw when we make these comments, because we talk about – in the first full quarter, we want to see roughly 25% and we see that increasing over four quarters to 80%. And so, when does that really kick in for us is a driver? And if we look back historically, really it's when we start to get into the higher percentages of the sales being represented by those new appliances that we really see the full driver. So we did feel we saw some good wins this quarter and it did impact the product revenue growth that we saw. But we think we're going to see that get through Q3 and start to build after that.
Jess Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And then, average deal size, and I guess would love it if you could touch on just kind of how the public cloud is playing into the results you're seeing and what gives you confidence the public cloud can be an opportunity and isn't the cause of some of the weakness you're seeing here?
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah. So on the average deal size; I think last quarter we were at right around $110,000. This quarter it moved up a little bit, $125,000. So one of the things that is giving us confidence is seeing the average deal size move up a little bit. But our $1 million plus size deals were actually pretty strong across the rest of the world. And when we evaluate our business, that's an important metric for that. And then, for cloud.
John D. DiLullo - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah. On the public cloud, Jess. I think what we're seeing is that customers are at varying stages of their cloud adoption strategy, where when customers haven't made their decision on public cloud migrations or really their architectural decisions, and they're a little bit hesitant. That's not as good for us. When they have made their decisions and they are actually embarking on a cloud strategy, then we're seeing multiple catalysts for us. In fact, we've done some analysis around that. And we're seeing that those customers who have moved to the public cloud that were F5 customers before actually tend to spend more with us once they've made those moves. So that's kind of a catalyst for us. Silverline is a catalyst for us as our own proposition in the cloud. So we're seeing sort of multiple catalysts emerge. But really, for us, it's really good when customers have made their architectural decision and they actually have moved to the cloud. That's when things accelerate for us.
Jess Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jeffrey Kvaal of Nomura Instinet. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Thomas Kvaal - Nomura | Instinet: Thank you very much. François, let me add my voice to those congratulating you on the seat. I know that the people on Ciena certainly miss you. And, Jason, I am looking forward to working with you as well. Let me begin, maybe Andy, by digging into your commentary on the product refresh being in line with the prior one. The prior one was a little bit more diffused in terms of its timeliness, this is a little tighter. And yet the product revenue was still able to get up to about 20% growth year-over-year for a few quarters. Is that the kind of in-line that you were referencing, or if you could put some more color around that I'd appreciate it?
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah. Specifically, my in-line was the uptick of the appliances in sales. So not necessarily the – I don't know that I can verify your 20%. I mean it definitely did, when it got to full steam, drive very solid revenue growth. And so, when we look at it internally, we look at the uptick and start to watch when it gets – we're in the second quarter, it's in line in terms of percent with what we've seen previously. Your comment's very fair, it was more elongated before. So we're trying to factor that in and then looking at how it's going to drive product. And as I said, we have our guidance and we think we'll see that really start to kick in as we exit Q3.
Jeffrey Thomas Kvaal - Nomura | Instinet: Okay. So would it be fair to say then it will be the June and September quarters where you should see the peak year-over-year of comparables, and that should be materially higher than where we are today?
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah. Well, you have our guidance for June, right? So I'm going to let that stand as it is. Then, I think as we go into Q4, which is our calendar Q4, has its own dynamics. And I think we'll see it play in there. And then really as we expand out 18 months to 24 months and if you look historically, that's when we've seen it be a real strong driver.
Jeffrey Thomas Kvaal - Nomura | Instinet: Okay. And then, lastly, the gross margin. Obviously, very good. Again, are you seeing any reasons why that would drift up given the rising mix of software?
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah. We always talk about that as software becomes more prominent in our business, that naturally is going to carry up to gross margin. Historically, we've looked look at that as an opportunity to derive top line growth. Probably the most prominent example recently is investments in Silverline. And I think we'll continue to do that and balance that trade-off of investment against higher gross margin.
Jeffrey Thomas Kvaal - Nomura | Instinet: Thank you very much. Talk soon.
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thanks. Okay.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jayson Noland of Baird. Your line is open.
Jayson A. Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you. François, I wanted to start with you and ask your initial thoughts. I know you haven't been in the seat long. But maybe if you could add some color and then any adjustments you see necessary to make here regarding areas of focus? I heard you mentioned security in your prepared remarks.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yes. Thank you, Jayson. Well, sort of early observations. As I said it in my prepared remarks, really, really excited to be here. And I thought before joining and even more now that F5 has a very significant opportunity and has a big platform for growth, largely because of this insatiable demand for applications. And that sort of application networking talent here and understanding around what it takes to make applications perform better, go faster, be more secure, that talent and that understanding is unparalleled. And so, really for us the focus and the things that I want to make sure we execute on is, making sure we remain in the critical path of applications wherever they are, private cloud, public cloud, data centers. And the company has already started executing on that. But there's a ton of things that we can do to even expand the number of applications that we support. As an example of that, just yesterday we were meeting with one of our large Fortune 500 customers. They have over 4,000 applications, and we're only sitting and supporting a fraction of those applications. And as they move to both their private cloud and some public cloud implementation, we've got an opportunity to expand the number of applications that we support for that customer. And so, I'm really excited about that opportunity. And then, the other access of potential growth for us is expanding the number of application services that we offer. Security is one of them. And we've already made a lot of headway in adding security capabilities to the ADC, but there are other things that we can do. And so, I see those two areas are important vectors for the company. And the priority right now is to make sure that we execute on these vectors.
Jayson A. Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay, thank you. And maybe a follow-up for Andy. You've mentioned $400 million run rate in software as an expectation exiting 2017, is there upside or downside to that or are right on track?
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: I think we're right on track.
Jayson A. Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Simon Leopold of Raymond James. Your line is open.
Simon M. Leopold - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much. Given that the moving parts here – and, by the way, François and Jason, both welcome as well. Let me extend that to you two. I imagine you'll hear this over and over again. But wanted to see if you could talk about the past historical seasonal patterns for the company, in that you've previously indicated operating margin in the second half of the year tend to move back towards the high-30% range versus sort of mid-30s in the first half of the year. Wondering if you're comfortable reiterating that perspective at this point, even if you're not guiding for the balance of the year on revenue?
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah. I think specifically what we say, and this on the October call, is we gave general guidelines of guidance. And we have said pretty consistently over the last three or four years that we expect op margin with seasonality to pull back in Q1 and Q2, because it's important for us to not slow the machine down on our investing and head count to try to overly – I'll use the term overly manage op margin. And then, on strength of revenue see that increase in the back half. So I believe that plays out on revenue strength again. And you have our guidance, as I said, for Q3. And then, we'll give guidance for Q4 and see where that takes us.
Simon M. Leopold - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. And then, in terms of a product trends, I'm looking for some indication of how to think about the Herculon family. I know it's new and you're just coming come into market. But what kind of expectations do you have in terms of contributions. And I think part of the thing I'm struggling with is, with security you're entering a market that's relatively mature with lots of competitors. And, historically, it's been difficult I think for F5 to sort of break out from the ADC market. And you certainly have had security features within your platforms, but now you have the security appliance. I'd like to see if you can help us level set, basically get a good expectation of how much contribution we should expect from specifically Herculon products maybe one year out? How should we think about that as a contribution? Thank you.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Simon. It's François here. So you're correct, in that we have made some enhancements to the ADC platform that include a number of security offerings. If you look at our overall revenue growth, we had actually very strong growth, let's say, north of double-digit year-on-year growth in the security space overall in our portfolio in the second quarter. And that's primarily driven by security add-ons that we've put on top of the ADC platform. The Herculon product is just out in the market now. It's really early days. So we don't expect it to have really meaningful contribution for several quarters. And you're right, it is effectively our first family of purpose-built platform for security. And so, there's an element of learning in the market that we're going through over the next few quarters. But we also believe that it addresses an important pain point and a growing pain point for a number of our customers. So longer term, we actually think we have a very compelling proposition, and that there's going to be strong demand for the platform. It's really early days for us to quantify the contribution it will make to the business overall.
Simon M. Leopold - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thank you. Good luck with it.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jim Suva of Citi. Your line is open.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you very much. You mentioned some challenges in Europe, ranging all the way from Brexit to regulations and all the type of things. Can you help us understand, is there going to be the need to change your go-to-market strategy, your sales force, realign things? Do you feel you got the right efforts in place? And is the majority of the shortfall in Europe under your control, or are you saying it's more regulatory Brexit uncertainty that's going on there? Thank you.
John D. DiLullo - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah. Jim, it's John DiLullo. So I think it's definitely under control and some of these macro issues feel more like pauses rather than systemic issues. The team that we have there is a very experienced team that was setting records just four, five quarters ago. So we think it's a temporary collection of macro elements that we need to work through.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And then, the resolution time you think will be, when?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: So this is François here. Well, on the macro issues, yeah, I think it's several months because, as you know, these macro issues, there's both issues around data residency and sort of regulation that's being passed in Europe. There has also been macro issues around the political environment. And as you know, we're going through, specifically in Continental Europe, a number of elections. And a number of large projects, frankly, have been delayed because the uncertainty surrounding these elections is probably greater than it's ever been in Continental Europe. So that I think kind of works itself through as we get the results of these elections and the political uncertainty goes away. In terms of the things that we control which are more around the sort of realignment of our resources with the right opportunities, as John was saying, we have some things in motion already. But you probably know this and I know this with experience having spent a lot of time in Europe that these issues take a long time to fix, because they're not – moving resources in Europe isn't as simple and straightforward as it might be here in the United States.
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: And this is Andy. Just one thing to add that we're not seeing – and I think it's important to highlight and was within John's comments was, the competitive landscape there for us hasn't changed. And obviously with the comments we're putting out here just around the theater, I mean we spend a lot of time talking with sales management making sure we understand what's going on. And the one area that we came away feeling good about is, competitively we feel as strong as ever. And that's why John was highlighting that we saw deals pushing, not deals losing. And we think that's important to highlight. So we are readdressing everything from the structure, and how we're aligning resources and the view of the market coming through in our guidance, but I think that's worth highlighting on a positive note.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you so much for the details.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line Mark Moskowitz of Barclays. Your line is open.
Mark Moskowitz - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes, thanks. Good afternoon. Just trying to get a sense here if we can kind of try to figure out what the extrapolation is with the guidance. And it kind of implies pretty much single-digit product revenue growth already so soon here with this product cycle. Does that mean we're going to actually potentially see you guys decline next year from a product revenue perspective or are we missing something? And then, I just wanted to see if you could talk a little more about market share momentum and your confidence just given that Amazon, AWS, keeps taking share in pretty short order here. If that continues, how can you still grow longer term?
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah. Yeah. So I'll take the first part of that question, which is our view on growth and product. And, yes, if you back into our guidance with what we give you, that might look like it's pulling back a little bit. But, broadly, we think we're going to be pushing hard on the top line and we think we have every opportunity with the drivers we have in place. We're talking about the Shuttle series and a lot of the other products. Our viewpoint is not that. I wouldn't comment on next year, up or down, but we believe we're a growth company. At our scale, what does that mean? We'll see. We provide guidance quarterly, but that's our number one priority to push the top line, and we're going to focus on execution and work to make that happen.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: And, Mark, as it relates to AWS, we're confident we can continue to grow over time and actually maintain or grow share. If you look at the dynamics in the marketplace, the overall ADC market is growing, the hardware ADC market is probably flat to down, whilst the virtual ADC market is growing fairly rapidly. Within the growth of the virtual ADC market, there are use cases that potentially are best addressed by a simple implementation with the AWS solution. So if a small enterprise has a single use case that doesn't require a lot of application services, but just simple load balancing, then that's a scenario where there's a good fit for a WAF-type solution. But there are a large number of use cases in the virtual ADC space that are well addressed by our Virtual Edition, and we're seeing actually very significant revenue growth on our Virtual Edition and generally in software as a percentage of our revenues in general. So we're pretty confident that with what we've done and a number of the things we talked about today in terms of our road map, that we're going to continue to see growth in our Virtual Edition, included in a number of use cases in the public and private cloud. So we're pretty confident that we address a large number of use cases, and we can continue to grow.
Jason Willey - F5 Networks, Inc.: Take the next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of George Notter of Jefferies. Your line is open.
George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks very much. I guess, I wanted to ask a question to François. Obviously, you're new to the company, you're taking a fresh look at the business. I guess, I'm wondering if there is any thoughts of looking at the capital allocation strategy of the company, any new views on M&A, anything you could talk to on that front would be great? Thanks.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thanks, George. And, hi. So let me start with capital allocation. Look, I think, I will start by saying that we see a great opportunity for F5 as a platform for growth and, therefore, we're going to manage the business for long-term growth. And as we do that, that may or may not require a change in how we allocate capital going forward. At this stage, it's too early to say whether that may or may not be the case. But for the short-term, there isn't going to be a change in our capital allocation model, that – I can say that definitively. When it comes to M&A, George, as you know, I come from experience with an organization that has been quite acquisitive over the years. And from my experience, M&A actually can be very effective for growth in the technology space. And a number of these opportunities can help a company a lot, but they can also go very wrong under the right circumstances. So, for me, it is going to be all about discipline in the case of M&A, really being disciplined about our build versus buy choices, really understanding why in some cases certain assets may be more valuable inside of F5 than outside of F5, and making sure that we have the right expertise in the company both to assess these opportunities and to make them successful if and when we pull the trigger on some acquisitions.
George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Alex Henderson of Needham. Your line is open.
Alex Henderson - Needham & Co. LLC: Sneaking under the wire. So I was hoping we could get an angle on your expectation for Verizon's optical transport business in the core optical market for metro?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: No comment, Alex.
Alex Henderson - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. So since we can't do that, and as an alternative, I was hoping you could give us a little bit more granularity on what your revenue expectations are for the growth rate in software-only and the growth rate in public cloud-only, as well as in security-only? And if software is increasing as a percentage of sales, should we be expecting that to have a positive implication for the longer term gross margins, because I assume that that's a higher-margin product? Thanks.
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah. I think, generally, we look at the broader trends that we're seeing across software security. François highlighted that our security had strong growth year-over-year, continue to expect that from software. We're not going to guide it specifically, but the trends are there and we like what we're seeing. And as it relates to gross margin, we talked about it a little bit earlier. Yeah, it could push up gross margin. We're not guiding that. We talk a lot about reinvesting that back in the business, and we'll continue to evaluate that on a quarterly basis as we see the opportunity present itself to us. But, broadly, the trends are there going in the right direction, and we like where we sit.
Alex Henderson - Needham & Co. LLC: Could you give us any more color on the rates of growth as opposed to, yes, it's nice. I mean, that's a pretty anemic way of describing the numbers relative to what you could provide?
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Well, Alex, I think we can say that the three areas that you've mentioned, security, software/virtual additions and public cloud, are all growing faster than our overall revenues. In this case of security, I did mention earlier that we saw very strong double-digit growth in the quarter. In the case of the public cloud, I think we've said before, it is actually growing even faster than security, but from a very small base to start with. But I actually have some color for you, Alex, having been here just a few weeks. One of the areas of surprise for me was – a pleasant surprise – was to see how much we, as a company, are already doing in the public cloud on the various models, perpetual licenses, subscription, also the number of customers buying our Virtual Edition by the drink (47:44) as a utility, by the hour. And the number of hours we're billing in the public cloud is growing extremely rapidly. So these are all areas of growth with – right now, some more meaningful than others. I'd say, probably of these three overall software, as you know, as a percentage of our business is pretty large. So that's a meaningful contribution. Public cloud isn't yet a meaningful contribution. And security is growing and kind of in between those two.
Alex Henderson - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Jason Willey - F5 Networks, Inc.: Robert, I think we'll take one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Simona Jankowski of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you very much. And, Francois, my congratulations to you as well. Andy, I was hoping you can expand on the weakness you saw in services. I was a little surprised to see it flat sequentially and, looking back, you guys have never had a flat sequential quarter in services before. And when we chatted at a conference in mid-February, I think you were still seeing at that point consistent attach rates and renewals. So maybe just give us a little more detail on what happened with the end-of-life products that you were referencing there and how we should think about that going forward?
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah. And actually the way to look at this is, we're modeling it is, sequentially it was basically flat, up $0.5 million. We think off of this new base we start to go to more normal growth rates again. And really the driver to that is, we did end of life a number of older boxes. I think they averaged over 7 years old and they did have strong attach rates to them, still renewal rates. The impact of it, frankly, I just – I missed the modeling on it and the impact was bigger than I anticipated. So that's where we ended up.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: So maybe just to be clear on that because I think you've said before that you've got something like 40,000 units in the installed base that are over 5 years. So of these over 7-year-old end-of-life products, are there any additional ones that might stop maintenance in the coming quarters? And has that now been factored into the expectation that this is the bottom?
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah. I don't think we're going to see anything in the short-term, and we'd advise you of that. I would highlight surrounding this discussion that our deferred revenue was pretty strong in the quarter. So we saw that go up 10%, and the majority of that is annual maintenance. So I would look at that too to balance the expectations. But as I said, when we started, we now think, off of this new base, it's a bit of reset, but we're going to start sequentially growing again at least in rough dollar basis consistent with what you've seen in the past.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. That's very helpful. And then, just a quick one. I might have missed it. But did you say what percent software was as a percent of total revenue this quarter?
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: No. We didn't break that out. No.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. All right. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thanks, Simona.
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yes. Thank you.
Jason Willey - F5 Networks, Inc.: All right. Thank you. We'd like to thank everyone for joining us today. And we look forward to talking to you again in three months. Have a good rest of your day.
François Locoh-Donou - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, speakers. And that concludes today's conference. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-01-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: John Eldridge – Director-Investor Relations Andy Reinland – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer John McAdam – President and Chief Executive Officer John DiLullo – Executive Vice President-Worldwide Sales
Analysts: Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer Jess Lubert – Wells Fargo Securities Mike Genovese – MKM Partners Mark Keller – D.A. Davidson Jason Ader – William Blair Jeff Kvaal – Instinet Vijay Bhagavath – Deutsche Bank Matt Robison – Wunderlich Meta Marshall – Morgan Stanley Paul Silverstein – Cowen and Company
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5 Networks’ First Quarter and Fiscal 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be able to listen-only, until the question-and-answer portion. Also, today’s conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I’d now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Eldridge: Thank you, Sam, and thanks to all of you out there for joining us for today’s call for the first quarter of fiscal 2017. John McAdam, President and CEO of F5; and Andy Reinland, Executive VP and CFO, will be the speakers on today’s call. Other members of our exec team are also on hand to answer questions following John and Andy’s prepared comments. If you have any questions after the call is over, please direct them to me at 206-272-6571. A copy of today’s press release is available on our website at F5.com. In addition you can access an archive version of today’s call, live webcast from the events calendar page of our website through April 26 from 4:30 P.M today until midnight Pacific Time, January 26, you can also listen to a telephone replay at 866-479-8682 or 203-369-1542. In today’s call our discussion will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our quarterly release and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. And now, I’d like to turn the call over to Andy Reinland.
Andy Reinland: Thank you, John. F5 delivered solid results in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 setting the stage for sequential year-over-year growth through the remainder of the fiscal year. Revenue of $516 million was within our guided range of $510 million to $520 million and F5 present from the first quarter of fiscal 2016. GAAP EPS of $1.44 per share exceeded our guidance of $1.40 to $1.43. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.98 per share also exceeded our guidance of $1.92 to $1.95. Products revenue of $239.5 million in the first quarter was up 2% year-over-year and accounted for 46% of total revenue. Service revenue of $276.5 million grew 8.5% year-over-year and represented 54% of total revenue. Accounting for 56% of the total revenue from the Americas was up 7% from the first quarter of fiscal 2016. EMEA, which represented 25% of revenue grew 2% from the first quarter of last year. APAC accounted for 14% of revenue and grew 4% year-over-year. And Japan revenue representing 5% of the total grew 9% from a year ago. Sales to enterprise customers represented 65% of total sales during the quarter. Service providers accounted for 21% and government sales were 15% including 5% of total sales from U.S. Federal. In Q1, we had four greater than 10% distributors. Westcon, which represented 18.8% of total revenue; Ingram Micro, which counted for 16%; Avnet representing 12.3%; and Arrow which accounted for 10.1%. Our GAAP gross margin in Q1 was 83.5%. Our Non-GAAP gross margin was 85%. GAAP operating expenses of $293.2 million – within our target range of $285 million to $294 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $251.2 million. GAAP operating margin was 26.6%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 36.3%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for Q1 was 32.7%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 31.5%. Turning to the balance sheet, cash flow from operations was $189.3 million. In Q1, we repurchased approximately 1.06 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $142.11 for a total of $150 million. $624 million remains authorized under the current share repurchase program. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.2 billion in cash and investments. DSO at the end of Q1 was 55 days. Inventories were $33.7 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $14.1 million. Deferred revenue increased 9% year-over-year to $914.2 million. We ended the quarter with approximately 4,460 employees, an increase of 65 from the prior quarter. Moving on to our outlook for the current quarter, as we discussed at our Analyst Investor Meeting in November, Q2 will be first quarter, which our BIG-IP iSeries appliance family shifts for the entire quarter. Initial uptake of iSeries in Q1 was solid and more than met our expectations and we expect to see that trend continue in the current quarter. We also saw strong business for our 100-gig blade across service providers. In addition, we will be launching two stand alone security products DDoS Hybrid Defender and SSL Orchestrator on our Herculon platform purpose-built to simplified the deployment and enhance the performance of these services. We will also begin shipping the new 40-gig versions of our software only Virtual Edition products, which quadruple the performance of the prior versions. Early demand trends for these new products is robust and as a result, we anticipate continued product revenue growth. Although, we expect to see some continued slowing in our service revenue growth, in the short-term related to the product revenue deceleration we saw in fiscal 2016 with continued product revenue growth acceleration, we would expect this trend to begin to normalize over the back half of the year. With this in mind, for the second quarter, our revenue target is $518 million to $528 million. GAAP gross margin is anticipated at/or around 83%, including approximately $5 million of stock-based compensation expense and $2.6 million amortization of purchased intangible assets. Non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be at/or around 84.5%. For Q2, we anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of $290 million to $300 million, including approximately $39 million of stock-based compensation expense and $0.7 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. We are forecasting a GAAP effective tax rate of 34% and a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 32%. Our GAAP EPS target is $1.41 to $1.44 per share. Our non-GAAP EPS target is $1.95 to $1.98. We plan to increase our headcount by 60 to 80 employees in the current quarter. And we believe our cash flow from operations will exceed $170 million. As a reminder, this amount reflects the impact of two Federal Tax Payments that we normally incur during our fiscal second quarter. With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
John McAdam: Thanks, Andy, and good afternoon, everyone. I was very pleased with F5 team’s performance in our first quarter of fiscal 2017. We delivered year-over-year revenue growth of 5% the strong profitability and operating margins. The highlight of the quarter was a return to product revenue growth, which will remain our number one financial clarity throughout fiscal 2017. We continue to make good progress on sales execution fueled by the vast array of new products that we introduced in the second half of fiscal 2016 and the first quarter of fiscal 2017. Product sales in our Americas region continue to improve with another quarter of year-over-year sales product growth. Product sales in our APAC region were once again up year-over-year. And the start of the quarter was our Japan region with a very solid year-over-year increase. Product sales bookings in EMEA however, were again done year-over-year, driven by weak sales in the UK and Germany. Software revenues were very solid in fiscal Q1 driven by strong growth in virtualization software sales and strong growth insured security solutions. If we maintain our current growth momentum, we should exit fiscal 2017 on a $400 million annual trajectory for software sales. In security, we saw a sharp rise in the number of SSL interset project wins as well as some large multimillion dollar Gi Firewall competitive displacements in the service provider market. These trends resulted in double-digit year-over-year Q1 growth rates within our security product portfolio. We had some excellent sales wins in our service provider business last quarter with several significant NFV and Gi LAN, IoT and large firewall security win. We also saw a solid demand for our 100-gig blade sales in Q1. The 100-gig blade product is proving to be very popular with customers that require massive scalability. Once again our services business delivered strong results and excellent profitability with year-over-year revenue growth of 8.5%. As Andy mentioned, we are seeing as expected slowing year-over-year services revenue growth related to the slower product sales in FY 2016. We expect our services revenue growth trends to begin to normalize in the second half of the year as product revenue continues to grow. In mid-November, we announced the second phase of the iSeries product range of appliances known internally as the Shuttle series. The initial customer reaction to the announcement has been excellent. And sales in Q1 have exceeded our expectations. Initial sales of the new iSeries products are tracking slightly above the trends we have seen in previous product refresh scenarios and we believe this bodes well for fiscal 2017. Last quarter we talked about several emerging market conditions that have increased the appeal of our products with service providers and the enterprise customers. We gave examples of new opportunities including the explosion of SSL encrypted traffic and the need to intercept, inspect and orchestrate encrypted traffic at speeds and volumes never before required. We also spoke about customers emerging desires to have consistent security policies across traditional on-premise data centers as well as private and public clouds, as the movement of application workloads to cloud architecture accelerates. We experienced many project wins last quarter, which reinforced our view of these expanding opportunities. For example, a Fortune 100 insurance company leveraged a new F5 iSeries 5000 platform to deploy the next-generation private cloud infrastructure. This implementation allowed them to instantly orchestrate, provision and dismantle ADC resources and concert with our existing Cisco infrastructure. This customer also deployed F5’s ASM product ensuring WAF functionality was available to on-premise applications as well as a private cloud data center assets. A Fortune 500 discount retailer with a large online and mobile clientele required an improved security perimeter for its online web presence. They also required a solution to deal with the onslaught of encrypted ECC traffic triggered by the recent adoption of this encryption method by companies like Apple, Google and Microsoft. This customer deployed six VIPRION chassis in combination with a Silverline deployment and this was anti-DDoS an encrypted traffic management solution. In a 5 million plus transaction, a large Asia Pacific Telco operator initiated a 5 year program to virtualize 100% of its IP transport network and chose F5 as its primary ADC provider. This deployment leveraged many cloud-based orchestration and automation technologies including OpenStack and KVM. The solution consisted of F5 virtualization software licenses as well as our carrier-class firewall, our WAF and access management software modules. We will be demonstrating this solution as well as many others at Mobile World Congress next month in Barcelona. We are continuing to experience momentum in our customers’ effort to lift and shift from traditional on-premises to private and public cloud environment. This past quarter one of our long-time North American customers, a leading learning management system provider began such a transformation. Working together with AWS, F5 crafted a dynamic and secure traffic management solution utilizing F5’s WAF and firewall capabilities in the AWS computing environment. This enabled our customer to easily repurpose many of their legacy data center applications to the public cloud without compromising the mature security capabilities they enjoy with F5. In recent quarters, we have seen growing interest in our Internet of Things capabilities and have enjoyed successes with several Fortune 500 customers. In Q1, one of the largest global manufacturers of home appliances invested in F5’s VIPRION platform to help facilitate machine-to-machine communications within their massive base of install products. The F5 solution leveraged a full stack of traffic management and security offerings including dynamic service chains and a highly scalable SSL deployment. F5’s leadership and scalability, programmability and diverse protocol support is ideal for managing complex IoT requirements. From a product roadmap perspective, you should expect to see F5 continue to introduce several exciting new products through fiscal 2017. Today we announced the addition of several new offerings to our security portfolio. The new Herculon product family with purpose-built hardware and the simplified user experience, lets security administrators quickly deploy solutions that overcome specific application security obstacles and threats. Herculon products provide improved visibility and control over application behavior and solve difficult industry challenges in a straightforward easy-to-deploy manner. The first two offers available in the Herculon portfolio are the Herculon SSL Orchestrator and the Herculon DDoS defender. The Herculon SSL Orchestrator provides improved insight for customers experiencing growth in the volume of encrypted application data. Today most web traffic is now encrypted and attempts to address application security using traditional methods alone are both inadequate and costly. The Herculon SSL Orchestrator provides leading cryptographic capabilities contacts aware dynamic chaining, service chaining and native third-party integrations. Herculon SSL Orchestrator can significantly increase performance while significantly decreasing infrastructure costs by eliminating the need for redundant encryption and decryption capabilities. The Herculon DDoS Hybrid Defender offers customers an unparalleled multilayered defense against volumetric and pervasive DDoS attacks. This is accomplished by developing high performance hardware on-site and enriching its capabilities with intelligence gathered from our cloud-based Silverline scrubbing centers. This hybrid approach improves time to mitigation in scenarios where website and application availability are crucial to customer interactions. The product provides comprehensive DDoS coverage through behavioral analytics, subsecond attack mitigation, and visibility into sophisticated application-layer attack. Also announced today is our Silverline WAF Express service as more and more of our customers prefer a web application security as a service approach to attack mitigation. We are introducing a preconfigured offering that leverages our cloud-based Silverline platform. By their very nature WAF deployments can be complicated. With WAF Express customers can protect applications with a point-and-click simplicity, while our security operation center experts monitor, analyze and mitigate attacks as they occur. We also announced today that we have added security and incident response team services for all F5 customers to help them more quickly identify and neutralize threats and to help protect their critical business operations. We plan to ship TMOS 13.0, known internally as the Daytona release, in this current quarter. Daytona is a major release with a host of new functionality, including our high-performance 40-gig virtualization; a sophisticated but easy to install iApp for our SSL Orchestrator; VCMP support for the 100-gig blade, which should extend the 100-gig blade solutions to enterprise customers; and IoT/MQTT protocol support. We also plan to deliver our unique application connector solution in Q2. Our application connector enables customer applications to seamlessly access multiple public cloud infrastructures directly from private clouds in on-premise and/or co-lo data centers. This provides a truly flexible and elastic hybrid cloud solution to our customers. Finally, we are planning to deliver the first release of our container micro services based solution, internally known as Project Velcro. Velcro includes two products that work together, the container connector and the application services process. We have been beta testing Velcro in several micro services environments and we are excited by early indications that it will enable an entirely new category of F5 solutions with our new application services process. We believe this product will play a pivotal role in accelerating our customers’ ability to adopt emerging mode two and container-based architectures in both private and public cloud environments. As far as the fiscal Q2 outlook is concerned, Andy outlined our guidance for the current quarter. We have made good progress in all our key strategic initiatives. The vast array of new products delivered in the second half of fiscal 2016, combined with the exciting roadmap of additional products planned for this quarter, should drive solid business for F5 during the year. I believe we are poised to see increased growth in year-over-year product revenue in Q2 and we have every opportunity to build in that momentum for the second half of fiscal 2017. In conclusion, I’d like to thank the entire F5 team, our partners, and customers for their support last quarter, and with that we’ll now hand the call over for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Ittai Kidron with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Ittai Kidron: Thanks, a couple of questions from me. First, Andy, just to clarify your commentary on the service slowdown and your expectation to normalize. Does normalize mean stable or go back to double-digit year-over-year growth? I just want to make sure I get this right.
Andy Reinland: Yes. So historically when we’ve talked about it, we’ve talked about services following product, but in an more elongated fashion, and so I think when we say normalized, we are going to see that kind of shallow out through the year with the product revenue growth, and then that product revenue growth will start to pull it up as we continue executing.
Ittai Kidron: So at some point, the product growth – so I guess the services revenue growth should kind of stabilize at a certain figure, and you would expect the product revenue growth to eclipse that of services somewhere in this fiscal year?
Andy Reinland: Well, you’re kind of putting words in my mouth.
Ittai Kidron: I just want to make sure I’m interpreting – when you said pull it higher, it implied it needs to be higher than services, yes?
Andy Reinland: We said we expect it to continue – services revenue to slow again this quarter, and then with product revenue growth, we’ll see it normalize and then start to pull up. So you can interpret that how you like.
Ittai Kidron: Okay, very good. And John, regarding the business, I’m looking at the different parts of your business. It looks like the only part that was really down on a year-over-year basis was service provider. So, A, did it deliver to your expectations? Was there any lumpiness in there that made for that? You sounded pretty confident about the list of opportunities you have growing there. And then, second, maybe just from your experience from previous product cycles in the past, you’ve talked about how the iSeries so far is trending above your historical patterns, but maybe you can remind us how many quarters from introducing a new refresh in your portfolio you really kind of hit peak performance from a growth standpoint?
John McAdam: Okay. Yes, good. On the first one, on service provider, actually I felt really good about service provider last quarter, especially in Americas. We had a really, really solid performance there where we saw a lot of wins with the GI firewall replacing the existing – and I’m talking multimillion-dollar type wins. We saw across the board the 100-gig board had a real big jump up in terms of the number of cards shipped from the previous quarter, and then I talked about things like IoT where we think that’s pretty good, and we’re looking forward – we are actually going to have quite an exciting event at Mobile World Congress, showing a lot of customer-type solutions and partner solutions. EMEA did have a tough-ish quarter in service provider and that went hand-in-hand, quite frankly, with the overall toughness we’ve seen, but I was pretty happy with the results. In terms of the product refresh, I think I caught the question, but if I didn’t, Andy, excuse me, will correct me. But as we’ve said in the past, we tend to see in the first few quarter of shipping, 25% of those – that product type to be the new product. This is looking very good for that to happen. As we said in the script, we’re very, very happy with the way that – the reception from customers, A, from the ones that we announced towards the end of Q4, and then for the ones that we announced at the end of Q1. We even saw quite a strong pickup towards the end of December across the board, and I know that the field are quite excited about it.
Ittai Kidron: Very good. Good luck, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jess Lubert with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Jess Lubert: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on getting product growth back into positive territory. I also have two questions. First, maybe just following up on Ittai’s, I was hoping you could touch on linearity and to what extent the business strengthened as customer awareness of the new products built and how you are feeling about pipeline deal sizes, product momentum early here in the March period. And then, the second question, you mentioned you expect to achieve a $400 million annual software run rate by the end of the year, so I was hoping you might be able to help us understand where you are relative to that level now. What drives the improvement, so we can kind of get a sense of what that could potentially mean for the model?
John McAdam: Yes. Let me go with the software, first of all. I mean, we’ve talked in the past quarters about the percentage of product revenue being something like 77%. So, I think we’ve sometimes said 78%. And if you do the math in that, you can see I’m probably being reasonably conservative in the $400 million number because that’s typically in the 90s. So that was really just a measure to give everybody a feel for how much software we’re actually doing. The first question?
Jess Lubert: When you asked questions about deal sizes and what we’re seeing there?
John McAdam: Linearity, yes. The linearity last quarter was interesting. If you look at it at face value, it was fairly normal; however, what we did see was a little bit of a lull in the middle of the quarter, round about the announcement – before the announcement of the new VIPRION products. I don’t know if that was a slight amount of Osborne or not, who knows. But we saw that picking up to normality, so no real big – not much to talk about there.
Andy Reinland: And then on deal sizes, Jess, we’ve been in this range between $110 million and $120 million for – at least through fiscal 2016 and now, and that continued. We were at the low end, though, at right around $110 million, but I think worth highlighting that we saw this quarter was the strength in our large deals was up. And we’ve talked a lot in the past that we watch large deals in particular just to measure how we feel about the macro, and we felt really good about how many million-dollar plus and even 500 to $1 million deals, it was a strong outcome there.
John McAdam: And then when we look at the pipeline, we think we’re going to see much of the same as well.
Jess Lubert: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mike Genovese with MKM Partners. Your line is open.
Mike Genovese: Great. Thanks very much. I have a question about – kind of a higher-level question, which related to dev ops, because while you didn’t talk about it today I’ve heard you talk about dev ops as a business driver in the past, and I’m somewhat struggling to understand that because it seems to me that if developers in the enterprise need to be responsible for how the applications run on the network that that would actually take away some of your opportunity that you may have had before. So does that question makes sense to you where you could cut me straight on that or give me any color on whether dev ops is actually a driver or an inhibitor for what you guys do, I would appreciate it. Thank you.
John McAdam: Yes. No, no, DevOps is and – when I – this is John. When I talked about some of the new products of ruling for example a big one related to DevOps is that is a Velcro. That’s an internal name of our product. And that’s the micro services version of our ADC and Watson container architecture typed a scenarios. That’s really, really aimed at the DevOp community and I mentioned about F5, we’ve got bunch of beta test going on. So we think that’s an opportunity moving forward. To note only get the main serves of the DevOp community, but also to be able to drag other products along with it, software module security solutions, et cetera. And then also in the past we’ve talked about what we’ve been doing with iRules, with iRules LX and with iApps LX, again is very aimed at the DevOps community. So that in fact, we effectively the programmability is right in their center of excellence in terms of anyone to do that. So that those more and more solutions on the F5 platform, which so long story short, I think we do see DevOps is an opportunity. Do you want to share anything Ryan?
Ryan Kearny: Yes. It’s Ryan. So I just I had mentioned DevOps is something that drives our roadmaps and is a big focus area for F5 in our technology and the ability to support automated in – automation and orchestration ecosystems with open APIs and very flexible extendibility of the product and simplicity and usability are critical things. And that includes new technologies just like John said our container, conductors and our support of micro services, which we’re launching this quarter. Our pretty big focus areas and things were really going to be enabling many more kind of DevOps, architectures and environment. So we haven’t kind of past so.
Mike Genovese: Great. I appreciate that. Maybe I’ll just ask one other question and then pass it on. Just John can you give us your most recent thoughts on how long you may wanted be there, work before we see retire again just any thoughts there. I would appreciate that.
John McAdam: I bet as a lot of people smiling that one, everybody seems to smile when we talk about retire again. I mean just to give you an update on that, I’m not going too much detail here because obviously the sales process is the responsibility of the Board and the sales committee have involved in it, but it’s their responsibility. But the process is actually progressing really well. Obviously we’ll let you know ASAP when we get something to an own, but meanwhile my focus by a mile is focusing on the business and delivering another quarter, this quarter, another good quarter.
Mike Genovese: Thanks, again.
John McAdam: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mark Keller with D.A. Davidson. Your line is open.
Mark Keller: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. I was wondering if you may talk a little bit about the Silverline products. You mentioned that in your script, how is that progressing? Is there a trend now towards cloud deployments? How does that figure in the competitive environment and maybe kind of give an update on how the competitive environment is on both security and the ADC side.
Edward Julian Eames: So this is Julian. We saw a good quarter last quarter with good growth. We saw deals all over the globe, so we’re pleased with that. We saw one good large deal in North America. We released – so we’ve been offering anti-DDoS and our WAF service now for about nine months. We released as John said in his scripts, a WAF Express, because we felt that would be more competitive with some of the other vendors out there. We released our right at the end of the quarter and we took our first deal right in the last week of the quarter as well. So the competitive nature of us we like to see more, but we’re seeing good growth so far.
John McAdam: And then the other things Julian, asking about Silverline, I think you missed in this script was, we’re very much using Silverline as a competitive advantage, just against cloud based solutions and other service solution. But also by integrating with your firewall and our WAF capability initiating intelligence, we think that a massive differentiator for us. Because of our installed on premise base, installed base so big we can get more and more intelligence for the cloud-based solution.
Mark Keller: Is there way to size the cloud based solution as a percent of revenue?
Edward Julian Eames: Yes.
John McAdam: It still equates more, but growing I mean I could give you a very big growth number, but that would be, it quite still equates more. And I think what we said and we suppose taking to this is as I guess bigger the Fed revenue in particular from a subscription point of view, we’ll start talking about it.
Mark Keller: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jason Ader with William Blair. Your line is open.
Jason Ader: Thank you. John, I wanted to ask you just on the product cycle. I know we’re in a very different world today with the cloud, et cetera and some of the secular evolution in your market. How do you think about this product cycle relative to the previous cycle in that context?
John McAdam: Yes. I mean this is – I’m going to give you an answer. It’s a little bit dangerous, because as an assumption you can’t take us to the bank. However, everything we have seen right now is telling us, this is going to be a very, very similar product cycle previous ones. We’re seeing excitement in the customer base, we’re seeing quite take up of the new products. We think we’re going to be very, very similar from a percentage point of view, I mentioned in terms of this current quarter versus the previous ones. So we’ll see, but so far, so good.
Jason Ader: And when you mentioned in the first full quarter usually you are at 25% of product revenue from the new product. When do you get to sort of let say more than half is that?
John McAdam: Typically, I might be wrong. It typically starts at 25%, gets up to about 80% by the end of the year.
Jason Ader: By quarter four, a full shipment?
John McAdam: Yes. So you see four quarter.
Jason Ader: Okay. Thank you very much.
John McAdam: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeff Kvaal with Instinet. Your line is open.
Jeff Kvaal: Yes. Hi, gentlemen. Thanks very much for taking the question. I guess not to put too fine of a point on it, but it does seem as though we all had a couple million more in our expectations for the March quarter. So it may well be that we as a group were too optimistic for March, but I also wanted to ask, is the iSeries being ahead of pace, does that mean that the older products are falling off a little faster than you had thought as well, so it’s a bit of a wash? Or is the iSeries incremental growth – incremental to the growth of the whole company?
John McAdam: There’s two things we’re looking at, and I think hopefully taking a conservative view is that EMEA has seen a few tough quarters here, so until we’re confident of success there, we’re going to take a conservative stance on that. Obviously, we mentioned services, and until we start to see the product growth coming back – there the main areas, but no – in terms of looking alone at the product stream, when I look at what I’m very happy about, it’s software sales, the VE sales, the cloud sales starting to rise with Amazon and Azure. Security was double digit and we feel reasonably good about that. But they were the two main areas that we took into account.
Jeff Kvaal: Okay, perfect. Thank you. And then, the UK and Germany weakness that you spoke about, do you think that is economic related or do you think other folks are seeing that, too, or is that specific to you folks at this point in time?
John McAdam: I think, frankly, it’s probably a combination of macro and we could probably improve execution in certain areas, probably both.
Jeff Kvaal: Okay. Well, great. Thank you very much.
John McAdam: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Vijay Bhagavath with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Vijay Bhagavath: Yes. Thanks. Good afternoon. Question is on your iSeries product refresh cycle. We hear a lot about it from clients. I’d like to understand what’s the legs or the timeframe approximately of the product cycle? Would it be a few quarters out? Would it be a few years so that we get kind of an understanding of the timeframe in terms of modeling? And then, also, as your customers move to containerized applications, how relevant would be your product refresh cycle when that customer moves to more of a container application framework? Thank you.
Andy Reinland: Yes. So on the new products, Vijay, I think, as John said, usually we see the uptake by the end of the year. It’s about 80% of our sales. I think we’ve talked a lot over the last year that we see this as a driver of our business, so we’re excited for that, and we’re usually on about a three-year cycle for upgrading our hardware platforms and so I think you’ll see us work against that kind of timeline again.
John McAdam: And then in terms of the micro services type opportunity, we see that as – it’s mostly going to be east/west type traffic. It’s going to be in container architecture. We see that as an additional area to where we are today with our core business, which obviously is mostly north/south traffic, mostly application – optimizing applications in that environment. So, I don’t think there’s going to be a clash here. I think it’s more of an additional market type opportunity.
Vijay Bhagavath: Perfect. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Matt Robison with Wunderlich. Your line is open.
Matt Robison: Thanks for taking the question. I was curious if you saw any particularly notable budget flush from your customers that may have had calendar-year seasonality? And if you could – given the events of the day, if you could maybe talk a little bit about how you guys interact, if it all, with application performance management and the analytics provided by it?
John McAdam: On budget – budget flush is always a tough one to actually measure. I did mention that we saw a little bit of a lull, which could have been linked to the iSeries announcement, and then we saw a strong close at the quarter and some of that can be budget flush, but I wouldn’t say it was – it wasn’t incredibly significant. I’m sure we saw some, but I wouldn’t factor it as a big factor in the quarter. And then, the second question?
Matt Robison: Yes, it was a little more arcane, given the dynamics of – Cisco, and just if there’s any kind of – if you guys are able to work with those kind of providers to kind of close the loop for application control, if that’s part of your activity?
Andy Reinland: Yes, so just a couple quick comments on app dynamics themselves. One thing I want to make just clear is we’re definitely not a competitor. Actually, application analytics companies in general, we actually – are a significant amount of our partners, so the amount of analytics and metrics and visibility that our technologies and products have because they’ve stayed in that strategic kind of control point between clients and the applications is incredible. We see a lot of the information about applications, and so we have a significant amount of technology and functionality that extends and feeds analytics applications externally.
Matt Robison: Thanks for answering the question. That’s it from me.
John Eldridge: Sam, we’re going to take two more questions and then wrap it up.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Meta Marshall: Hi, this is Meta Marshall on for James. A couple of questions. First is just if you could speak to if there is a higher security attach rate on some of the refresh as you go forward with the iSeries. Are you seeing higher take rates with some of the security products? And then, second, you had mentioned in the past that some of the standalone security products would be targeting more security-specific resellers, and I just wanted to know what the progress on that was. Thanks.
John McAdam: Okay. On the first one, I did mention that we had a pretty solid quarter last quarter with the security software solutions, which obviously is attach rate as well. In fact, I talked about double-digit growth, so we felt very, very good about that. We expect iSeries definitely to give us more attach rate; the performance is designed to do that. We’ve taken a number of restrictions, especially towards the bottom end of the product line that should help out as well, so generally we would expect that to be the case.
John DiLullo: This is John DiLullo. I can comment on some of that as well. The restrictions that John talked about allow us to run more security modules on the lower-end products, so that’s been very positive. And then, that’s also helped with our appeal to some of the emerging security partners that we’re recruiting and developing, and we have a pretty aggressive enablement and campaign to make them even more capable with our products, which seems to be going very well.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question is from Paul Silverstein with Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Paul Silverstein: I love being last. Several questions, it’s my mic, sit back. First, Andy, just a clarification, can you repeat what the pro forma OpEx, the guidance is? My apologies.
Andy Reinland: Yes. It is – hold on a second, I’ll get that for you.
Paul Silverstein: That, or I can get it off-line, my apologies. While you are looking for that, John, I apologize. I’m sure you were thrilled to get through this call without anybody asking you about what we ask you about every quarter in terms of the impact from public cloud, AWS, et cetera, so my apologies. But I do want to ask you – I assume there’s no change, but I want to ask the question. What, if anything, are you seeing?
John McAdam: Yes, I mean, we have become more and more positive, Paul, over the last year in particular in terms of the opportunity of the public cloud. I mean, one of the things that has been becoming very obvious, too, is when our customers – remember, we have a very, very large Fortune 500 customer base – when our customers are doing lifts and shifts to the public cloud, whether Azure, whether it’s Amazon, et cetera, that almost 100% of the time our products are going with that and that product being, it could be classic TMOS with programmability and iRules already included. It could be additional products like the WAF for protection or firewall or access policy management. And that’s one of the reasons we’ve been giving a lot of customer examples on that basis. So we’re working in the field with the AWS folks in the field; we’re doing the same with Microsoft. We’re viewing it as an opportunity, and in fact, I highlighted it as one of the three emerging opportunities that…
Paul Silverstein: I heard the prepared remarks, but, John, to be clear, you would argue that the net impact when we take into account the average size of the equation and then the positive side, SSL and the other security aspects, they didn’t itself, have positive impact. Is that the bottom line?
John McAdam: Yes. And also remember the studies we’ve done in terms of hybrid clouds, I mean, hybrid clouds is all over the place from the customer perspective. I can’t remember the exact percentage; I think it was in the 80 – but it’s a very high percentage of the responses we got where the large customers that we sell to are going into hybrid cloud environment. That gives us a massive opportunity, A, to make it happen and, B, to take advantage of it as we take our security and our mature products and make sure they are on the public side of that.
Paul Silverstein: Two other quick questions, U.S. Fed outlook, is it too early to talk about what the outlook is for the fiscal year for U.S. Fed…
John McAdam: It is, and it’s usually September where we have a very strong , I mean, what we’d say is we’re very, very happy with the sales execution over the last couple of years in federal. So we expect it to be strong, but this is far too early.
Paul Silverstein: All right. And I assume it would be a similar response, Andy, with respect to the extent that tax policy hasn’t even been set yet in terms of both – in terms of particularly with respect to incentivizing manufacturing in the U.S. and penalizing manufacturing abroad. So that said, we understand the tax policy hasn’t been set, can you give us any insight in terms of prospectively what impact that could have? How much manufacturing is done abroad versus U.S.? I know there’s a heavy software element, but there is also a hardware element to your solutions.
Andy Reinland: If you look at how we bring our product together, there is some assembly overseas, but really all the software development is here in the U.S. We load all the software onto our hardware platforms here in the U.S., so from what we’ve heard from the rhetoric and our look at it, we’re not sure there would be that big of an impact to us, but we continue to listen and learn. And then, the one – I’ll just end on this. You challenged me with a little math there because of how I give you the information, but if I take OpEx and back out the stock-based comp that we talked about and the amortization of purchased intangible assets, it would be $250.3 million to $260.3 million of OpEx.
Paul Silverstein: Got it. I apologize. Could I squeeze, I promise, one last one? Is it possible to quantify the foreign currency impact to EMEA with respect to the UK and Germany, particularly EMEA in general, in terms of how much of an impact that had on revenue?
Andy Reinland: We bill mainly in U.S. dollars. We’ve seen a little benefit from Brexit, frankly, on the OpEx side, but to quantify it looking forward, I think, is too difficult at this point.
Paul Silverstein: Appreciate it. Thanks, guys.
Andy Reinland: Thank you, Paul.
John Eldridge: Thank you all for joining us and we hope you have a good quarter. We hope we have a good quarter. We’ll talk to you next time. Thanks. Bye.
Operator: Thank you, speakers, and this does conclude today’s call. Thank you for joining. All parties may disconnect at this time.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-10-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: John Eldridge - F5 Networks, Inc. Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc. John McAdam - F5 Networks, Inc. Ryan Kearny - F5 Networks, Inc. Ben Gibson - F5 Networks, Inc. Edward Julian Eames - F5 Networks, Inc.
Analysts: Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC Pierre C. Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Troy D. Jensen - Piper Jaffray & Co. Ryan Hutchinson - Guggenheim Securities LLC Tal Liani - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Catharine A. Trebnick - Dougherty & Co. LLC Alex Kurtz - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc. George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC James D. Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5 Networks' Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2016 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants will be on listen-only, until the question-and-answer portion. Also, today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may now begin.
John Eldridge - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, Vance, and welcome all of you on the line to our conference call for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2016. John McAdam, President and CEO; and Andy Reinland, Executive VP and CFO will be the speakers on today's call. Other members of our exec team including Ben Gibson, Chief Marketing Officer; and Ryan Kearny, Chief Technical Officer are on hand to answer questions following their prepared comments. If you have any follow-up questions after the call, please direct them to me at 206-272-6571. Copy of today's press release is available on our website at f5.com. In addition, you can access an archived version of today's live webcast from the Events Calendar page of our website through January 25. From 4:30 PM today until 5:00 PM Pacific Time, October 27, you can also listen to a telephone replay at 866-479-8682, or 203-369-1542. During today's call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our quarterly release, described in detail on our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. Before we begin the call, I want to remind you that we are holding our 2016 Analyst Investor Meeting at the InterContinental Chicago Magnificent Mile Hotel on Thursday November 17 from 8:00 AM to 12:30 PM. If you plan to attend the meeting, you can register online from the link on our IR Events Calendar page for November 17. For those who aren't able to join us in person, the meeting will be webcast live and a replay of the webcast will be available through January 25, 2017. Now, I'll turn the call over to Andy Reinland.
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you, John. F5 closed fiscal 2016 with a strong finish. Both revenue and earnings for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 came in above our guidance as a result of solid year-over-year sales growth in the Americas, APAC and Japan. And healthy demand for our existing products ahead of our appliance refresh that began rolling out in mid-September. Revenue of $525.3 million was up 6% from the prior quarter, and 5% year-over-year and above our guided range of $515 million to $525 million. GAAP EPS was $1.64 per share, above our guidance of $1.44 per share to $1.47 per share. Non-GAAP EPS of $2.11 also exceeded our guidance of $1.92 to $1.95 per share. Q4 product revenue of $253 million, up 9% from Q3 and down 2% from Q4 of last year, represented 48% of revenue. Service revenue of $272.4 million increased 3% sequentially, 12% year-over-year, and accounted for 52% of revenue. On a regional basis, Americas revenue grew 5% year-over-year and represented 58% of total revenue. EMEA revenue grew 4% year-over-year and accounted for 23% of overall revenue. APAC revenue, which accounted for 14% of the total, increased 1% year-over-year, and Japan at 4% of total revenue, was up 13% from a year ago. During the quarter, enterprise customers represented 64% of total sales. Service providers accounted for 18% and government sales were 18%, including 10% from U.S. Federal. In Q4, we had three greater than 10% distributors. Westcon, which accounted for 18% of total revenue; Ingram Micro, which accounted for 15.2%; and Avnet at 12.5%. Continuing down the income statement, GAAP gross margin in Q4 was 83.8%, non-GAAP gross margin was 85.2%. GAAP operating expenses of $277.8 million were at the low end of our $276 million to $285 million guided range. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $242.7 million. Our GAAP operating margin in Q4 was 31% and non-GAAP operating margin was 39%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 33.1% and our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 31.9%. Turning to the balance sheet. In Q4, we generated $204 million in cash flow from operations, which contributed to cash and investments totaling $1.16 billion at year-end. DSO was 46 days. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $17.6 million. Inventory at the end of the quarter was $34.1 million. Deferred revenue increased 11% year-over-year to $870.2 million. In Q4, we repurchased approximately 1.2 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $124.31 per share, for a total of $150 million. Approximately $774 million remains authorized under the current share repurchase program. And in Q4, we increased our head count by 70 employees to 4,395. For the full year, revenue for fiscal 2016 was just under $2 billion, up 4% from fiscal 2015. Product revenue of $944.5 million was down 5% from the prior year and accounted for 47% of total revenue. Service revenue of $1.05 billion grew 13% during the year and represented 53% of the total. GAAP net income for fiscal 2016 was $365.9 million, or $5.38 per share. And non-GAAP net income was $496.2 million, or $7.30 per share. And for all of fiscal 2016, cash flow from operations totaled $712 million. Moving onto our guidance for Q1 and our fiscal year 2017 outlook, we encouraged by increasing customer demand for all the new products we introduced in the second half of fiscal 2016, in particular for our new family of BIG-IP appliances, the Shuttle series, which we launched in September. We expect to finish the rollout of these products in November and we anticipate a steady ramp in sales as they replace sales of our existing appliance family over the course of this year. As we look to Q1, we expect to see the normal seasonality that accompanies the start of a new fiscal year. In addition, we anticipate a continued challenging sales environment within EMEA over the short-term, particularly in the UK, which we have also factored in when assessing our revenue expectations for Q1. With that in mind, for the first quarter of fiscal 2017, we are targeting revenue in a range of $510 million to $520 million. We expect GAAP gross margins at/or around 83%, including approximately $5 million of stock-based compensation expense, and $2.7 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. Non-GAAP gross margins are anticipated at/or around 84.5%. We estimate GAAP operating expense of $285 million to $294 million, including approximately $38 million of stock-based compensation expense, and $0.8 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. We anticipate a GAAP effective tax rate of 33% for the quarter and a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 31.5%. Our Q1 GAAP earnings target is $1.40 per share to $1.43 per share. Our non-GAAP earnings target is $1.92 per share to $1.95 per share. We believe, we will generate cash flow from operations at/or around $200 million, and we plan to increase our head count by 60 employees to 80 employees during the quarter. Looking out to the fiscal year ahead, our general planning assumptions and expectations are as follows. From the base of Q1, we anticipate sequential revenue growth throughout the year with the strong second half of the fiscal year. We anticipate the non-GAAP gross margins will remain in the 84% to 85% range. We expect non-GAAP operating margins in the mid-30s% range for the first half of the year and increasing to the upper 30s% range over the second half. Stock-based compensation is anticipated to be in the range of $175 million to $185 million for the year. Capital expenditures are expected to range from $15 million to $20 million per quarter for ongoing infrastructure investments and facilities expansions. And finally, we expect our effective tax rates to average approximately 32% to 34% on a GAAP basis and 31% to 33% on a non-GAAP basis for the year. As John mentioned, our Analyst Investor Meeting will be November 17 in Chicago, we hope you can join us for this in-depth look at our business and our plans for fiscal 2017 and beyond. With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
John McAdam - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thanks, Andy, and good afternoon, everyone. I will discuss the Q4 results in some detail and then outline the progress we have made during fiscal 2016 towards our goal of returning product revenue growth in fiscal 2017. Overall, I was very pleased with F5 team's fiscal Q4 performance, including record revenues of $525 million, record cash from operations of $204 million, and record profitability with 39% non-GAAP operating margin. Many of the process, systems and training investments that we made throughout the year in our go-to-market engine together with the significant addition of new sales and marketing leadership talent began to bear fruit in fiscal Q4. I'm especially encouraged by the improvement in sales and execution last quarter from the Americas region, which returned to year-over-year sales growth for the first time in several quarters. I view this as a significant milestone on our path to delivering consistent product revenue growth. I was also happy with the results for the Japan and our Asia-Pacific regions, which both delivered year-over-year sales bookings growth for the quarter and the entire fiscal year. Sales bookings in EMEA however, were again done year-over-year, driven by weak sales in the UK. Once again our services business delivered strong results and excellent profitability with year-over-year revenue growth of 12%. As well as providing world class customer satisfaction, our service business has been crucial to our profitability throughout fiscal 2016. We believe that there are several emerging market conditions that have increased the appeal of our products with enterprise and service provider customers in Q4. Firstly, customers are increasingly leveraging our products, not only for native security features, but also for the ability of our products to orchestrate and intercept SSL traffic laws. Hackers today are more often leveraging SSL traffic for malware delivery, thereby making the F5 SSL orchestration and inspection capabilities more and more relevant. For example, a $5 billion healthcare organization deployed F5's iHealth application and in so doing, determined that 93% of its datacenter traffic was encrypted, and that is existing perimeter firewalls were being defeated by a flood of malicious and non-malicious traffic. The ultimate resolution included deploying an F5 VE-based SSL solution, working in tandem with the Cisco FirePOWER intrusion prevention offering. This collaborative SSL orchestration solution was repeated more than a dozen times this quarter in several large global enterprises. Similarly, we experienced real traction with our anti-fraud WebSafe platforms in Q4. We believe this reflects both the increasing sophistication of bad actors focused on credential theft, as well as an explosion of SSL traffic in the transport of e-mail and other enterprise and public messaging applications. Our WebSafe product is very effective over SSL encrypted traffic, giving F5 very strong competitive differentiation with these solutions. We had a large win in Q4 with an Australian bank, who leveraged our WebSafe and MobileSafe anti-fraud capabilities to facilitate the protection of 10 million domestic and international banking customers. The F5 solution provides a clientless private cloud capability to the bank, which uniquely met the requirements of their ever growing mobile banking clientele. A second emerging trend is the growth opportunity we are experiencing with customers, provisioning our proxy-based security solutions to deploy a consistent security stack and security policies across on-premise, off-premise and public cloud infrastructure such as AWS and Microsoft Azure. Our multinational airline was suffering from brute force attacks against its web-based and private cloud assets. This customer leveraged a combination of our ASM WAF and Silverline WAF-as-a-Service offerings to mitigate unwanted package terms (17:06) and help them meet end-customer service delivery expectations. This solution provided a set of IT administration abilities across its hybrid, public and private cloud environment, thus reducing management complexity and total cost of ownership. Similarly two different banks in our Asia Pacific theater deployed BIG-IP ASM modules within the AWS environment to facilitate a public cloud migration of several customer facing internet banking sites. Our solution allowed both banks to duplicate both their ASM functionality and their home-build library of iRules that they had optimized in their on-premise datacenter for use in the public cloud. As we gain more and more experience of customers using F5 solutions to move their apps and workloads to public and private cloud architectures, we are convinced that this is yet a third-market trend with significant opportunities for F5. Within our existing customers, I'm sorry, when our existing customers initiate lift and shift programs to move applications to the public cloud, they continue to view rich F5 ADC functionality such as programmability via iRules as critical for application optimization and application security. For example, an international provider of SaaS-based workforce automation solutions leveraged our virtualization traffic management capabilities in the AWS environment to activate remote instances of their product in Canada, Australia and the United Kingdom. Working together, AWS and F5 help the customer emulate the traffic management protocols and reuse the on-premise configuration details they had optimized and hardened over time. The resulting solution greatly reduced the latency that the international customers had been experiencing when accessing the application remotely. This trend was further reinforced when our U.S. based provider of entertainment, media and streaming content, deployed our ADC solution in the Amazon Web Services environment. Our cloud-based solution allowed for rapid activation of additional streaming sessions, during on-demand style broadcasts when subscriber demand significantly exceeded expectations. The content for these events is primarily delivered by the customers' private cloud. However, this joint F5 and AWS solution provided for a standby capacity, leveraging a hybrid cloud architecture. From a product perspective, we delivered on our goal to commence shipments of a new range of appliances in Q4. This new product line-up known internally as a Shuttle series is perhaps the most comprehensive range of new products we have delivered to the market. We started shipping the high-end products in the final weeks of the quarter and we expect to have the entire product range available by the end of November. As I have mentioned before the Shuttle series is more than a simple product line upgrade. We believe that the Shuttle series is the world's most programmable cloud-ready ADC. The Shuttle series provides the agility that DevOps organizations demand, together with the scale, security, investment protection that our traditional customers have long enjoyed. In our quarterly conference call last January, when we announced our Q1 results, I gave a high-level view of the significant array of new products we had in our roadmap for delivery in fiscal 2016. The Shuttle series capped a tremendous year of product introductions in fiscal 2016, which will provide solid business drivers in the coming fiscal year, enabling the F5 team to achieve our goal of delivering product revenue growth throughout the year. We saw very good traction in sales of our new 100-gig blade last quarter, and it was exciting to see a significant number of these sales taking advantage of the 100-gig blade's world-class performance to enhance solutions like the Gi firewall. Security, Gi LAN consolidation, NFV solutions, traffic steering and TCP optimization continue to be successful areas of focus for F5 in the service provider market. Our vast array of new products including the Shuttle series, the SSL Orchestrator, the DDoS Defender, MobileSafe, iApps LX, BIG-IQ, and our iWorkflow orchestration engine, as well as our upcoming TMOS 13.0 release all further support our efforts to enable our customers to efficiently migrate their apps to private and public cloud architectures. As far as fiscal 2017 Q1 outlook is concerned, Andy discussed our high-level financial views for fiscal 2017, and indicated that we expect to deliver revenue in the range of $510 million to $520 million in the first quarter. I believe that F5 is very well-positioned moving into fiscal 2017 to take advantage of the new products and business drivers, as well as the new opportunities including an explosion of SSL encrypted traffic, customers' requirements to have consistent security policies across on-premise and public clouds, and the move of application workloads to private and public cloud architectures. We will be presenting our strategy in detail at the November Analyst Investor Conference. We have a lot to cover that day including details on our strategy and roadmap on several topics. For example, we will present our plans and progress on DevOp-centric architectures, including containerized Microservices, OpenStack, orchestration, and visibility and analytics. And I look forward to seeing you at the event. In conclusion, I would like to thank the entire F5 team, our partners and customers for their support last quarter. And with that, we'll now hand the call over for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Tim Long with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you. Just two if I could. First, if we can just touch on Europe, it sounds like you've had some really good sales execution in the U.S. market. Is anything that could be done differently in Europe? Or is it just really too much macro that's going on there that might make that a little bit more challenging? And then secondly, could you just update us on how trends for standalone security products and the software offerings trended in the quarter and the outlook for – into next fiscal year? Thank you.
John McAdam - F5 Networks, Inc.: Okay. On EMEA first of all, and I'll talk about EMEA, not just Europe, because that's where the organization is, first of all, we've had strong management in EMEA for a long time. And they actually had an excellent fiscal 2015, but definitely 2016 was problematic in some areas. I really believe that macro was definitely involved in the UK issue. One of the things that's probably unique to F5 more than a lot of the other companies is that, if you look at our major accounts regions, the financial sector is very, very important in that region. And frankly that was a tough market after the Brexit announcement where they seem to be taking some time to make up their mind as to where they're going to deploy their money moving forward. So, having said that you always look at execution and we continue to do that, but I think it was more macro. In terms of the standalone product, I mean SSL, you heard me talking about SSL and orchestration and intercept, and also DDoS I mean, the first two solutions that we come out with, we feel very, very good about the trajectory of that type solution base. We're going to be talking a lot more about this in November, and you'll hear us talking about product additions in that area, I don't want to get into it now, it's not appropriate, but you'll hear us talking about that. But I think it will increase the opportunity in 2017, and also more functionality as well but we think because of our SSL expertise, we are really, really well-positioned to take up the opportunity. Ryan, do you want to mention anything about service chaining and how is that unique capabilities for us.
Ryan Kearny - F5 Networks, Inc.: Sure. Sure. I think, let me just reiterate also, some of the programmability and orchestration capabilities of our product actually from a historical perspective have really landed itself very well to the – to new environments like NFV and service chaining, et cetera. And we've got a tremendous amount of good kind of response, especially through the quarter with some of those solutions, and we will continue to do so.
John McAdam - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah, I mean, one of the things that I mentioned, that you may have got missed actually was when I talked about one of the examples that use the Cisco Intrusion Prevention product and then there was a sentence after that talking about we've done a number of these collaborative type solutions. I'm talking about working with companies like FireEye and Palo Alto, where we can make those SSL transactions visible to those types of solutions.
Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rod Hall with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, hi guys. Just thanks for taking my question. I guess, I had a quick technology question and then maybe a question on the numbers looking into 2017. So, on the tech question, Ryan, there is a lot of people are looking at some of these virtualized ADC guys, and they really like the fact that the software has a very small footprint, it's virtualizable and you guys, I know, you talked about this from time-to-time, but I just wonder if you could update us on where you are with shrinking the footprint of the software, said that it really lends itself to a virtualized environment and automated environment were spinning up new instances of the ADC and so on. So if you could just talk about that and then I'll just follow-up after your answer with the financial questions?
Ryan Kearny - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah, no, absolutely. The footprint of software and virtualized ADC functionalities, it's very important now (27:54) to be smaller, more agile, more flexible in these new cloud environments, both public and private cloud. We put a significant amount of investment into this actually over the last few quarters and we'll continue to do so actually. Including smaller versions within Amazon and more – smaller versions actually helping us increase the density of these solutions within hardware platforms and stuff like that, it's also not just a smaller footprint, but it's faster boot times. It's easier licensing, it's a more service level APIs for programmability in orchestration. So, in general getting lighter, faster stuff are – is definitely a part of it, but fitting into these new orchestration environment and increasing capacity and density is also critical. So, it's a big focus area.
John McAdam - F5 Networks, Inc.: And I'm probably going to say it for the ten times in the call, but again, we'll be giving this in much more detail in November, but yes, smaller – you'll hear us talk about Microservices, elastic ADC, all that, there is a lot of things coming they have to – that are very, very cloud friendly.
Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. As usual we don't have enough patience I guess. And then you guys talked about this mid-30s% operating margin first half of next year and then high-30s% at the end of next year. Can you just walk us through? It looks to us like – you probably do high-30s% in the first part of the year. And I just – what's going on with OpEx there, are you planning to – can you just walk us through the trajectory of OpEx through the year, just that we make sure that we're thinking right on the model?
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah. And actually, if you look at the last couple of years, we've given the same sort of guidance rolling into the new fiscal year, where we've said, look we see seasonality in Q1, sometimes rolling into Q2, and then we strengthen in the back half. And historically, when we've tried to maintain operating margin at too consistent of a level throughout the year, it's hurt us, when our primary investment vehicle is head count. And we slow things way down and then try that catch it up again. So, I think it was started in fiscal 2014. We went to this mid-30s% in the first half to allow us to keep investing and then drive strength through the back half on the back of strong revenue, and that's what relying out again for execution for this year.
Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. So we're just seeing normal seasonality on the OpEx as we move through the year then?
John McAdam - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yep.
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Exactly.
Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. All right. Great. Thank you, guys.
John McAdam - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Pierre Ferragu with Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Pierre C. Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi, thank you for taking my question. Could you give us a bit more details on the how your business is picking up on the cloud, and – like your virtual additions of your products, so my question will be first, how big is that today for you? And how much or how fast it is growing? And then, my second question is, how much of your business in the cloud is really like new business coming from new clients and the cloud is for you actually, almost like a new distribution channel, is that allows you to address the market well, not addressing that much before? And how much of that is more like your existing clients using F5 on their own infrastructure, and willing to keep a very similar framework, when they go to the cloud? Thanks.
John McAdam - F5 Networks, Inc.: Right, this is John. This is a pretty broad question in terms of the different areas, because the answer is going to be all of the above in the lot of the questions you talked about, first of all, I mean, when we talked about the three emerging things that are happening that we feel excited about it. One obviously being asset sale, but the other two are very related to the could where one being, we're seeing customers have this absolute need to have these constant security policies and processes through a hybrid clouds or a public clouds or private, a non-premise environment and that's a big opportunity for us. And then there's the classic lift and shift capability that we've seen where – we've seen a very, very, very, almost a 100% successor with the customers lift and shift – customers lift and shift solution or apps and moved them over. But they want to use a security product, so they want to use iRules. And again, we think that's a big opportunity and we're going to be partnering with Azure and AWS for those types of opportunities. And I'm not going to be specific on numbers. We've also seen examples with – for example, our WAF that we prove was on the Azure cloud, I guess a complete new business opportunity. Where we did not let a customer at all. So we've seen that as well. I think that's covering most of all that you asked, that was a pretty broad question, but generally we feel quite good now that this whole mood of this trend is an opportunity after all because of a richness of our software and our security portfolio and our application optimization portfolio.
Pierre C. Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: And the cloud is like a new channel allowing you to address like clients you were not addressing before...?
John McAdam - F5 Networks, Inc.: I gave in one of the examples I gave you is a customer that we didn't know, we've not been selling to, buying our WAF solution of Azure.
Pierre C. Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay, okay, sorry. I get it.
John McAdam - F5 Networks, Inc.: And going forward one of things we're going to be doing is increasing our inside sales organization to basically focus on Silverline and doing more sales that way, which were a lot of that – by the way a lot of that's new business. And when we see those customers. But also not just Silverline focus on AWS as marketplace as well as Azure as channels.
Pierre C. Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Troy Jensen with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Troy D. Jensen - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hey, congrats on the nice results, gentleman.
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thanks, Troy.
Troy D. Jensen - Piper Jaffray & Co.: So, Andy, maybe for you first here, gross margins ticked up nicely this quarter, I'm assuming that had a lot to do with software, but can you just touch on that? And then I'm looking through product introductions you expect to maybe above or below kind of the corporate margin average.
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah. So, really when you look at our margin profile, the gross margin, it was really driven by services. And on a couple of fronts, one we're seeing higher gross margins from our consulting business, efficiencies just overall with technology that we're using for just higher productivity call avoidance those types of things. And then our hiring was a little behind which drove it up as well. Gross margin on the product side was actually pretty consistent quarter-over-quarter. So in our guidance, you see that we pulled it back a little bit and that's because we'll probably catch up on the hiring side as we drive through Q1. And then in terms of the profile as it relates to the new product introductions, they are going be pretty consistent, right. We're still in the position that we are able to price to margin and we do that and driving value and we see that consistency in the product margin we've seen for really years.
Troy D. Jensen - Piper Jaffray & Co.: All right. And then maybe just a follow-up for you or two part, one here. So, government business was at a record level with respect to revenues and percentage of sales, just curious on what drove that? And then service provider downtick, it looks like it's kind of a seasonal number, but what's your confidence on the service provider vertical?
John McAdam - F5 Networks, Inc.: On the Federal business, I mean what we're seeing is bigger and bigger type sales. I mean, so the multimillion dollar sales are pretty common now and just a big opportunity, there's security of course, it's pretty important there. But it's really, I'd call an evolution rather than a revolutionary type increase in the business.
Troy D. Jensen - Piper Jaffray & Co.: And just on service provider, John?
John McAdam - F5 Networks, Inc.: I missed the question, sorry.
Troy D. Jensen - Piper Jaffray & Co.: EMEA was down sequentially, it looks like that's seasonal, so the question was just your conviction on the service provider vertical?
John McAdam - F5 Networks, Inc.: Right. From a revenue perspective, actually sales-wise, it was pretty solid. So the sales, in other words, it was some systems not shipped. I mean 100-gig, we feel very good about that, very good and not just the sales that we made, but where that are being used like in the Gi Firewall, and then more importantly on the pipeline, so we feel very good about that. And then NFV, I think we're incredibly well-positioned for NFV because of our software portfolio, and of course, we're still working on increasing the throughput to 40-gig and upwards on our VE solution, and I think that's ideal for NFV.
Troy D. Jensen - Piper Jaffray & Co.: All right. Understood, keep up the good work, gentlemen.
John McAdam - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you.
Ryan Kearny - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thanks, Troy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Hutchinson with Guggenheim. Your line is now open.
Ryan Hutchinson - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Hey, good afternoon, guys. So I got a question, as I think about the product cycle here, product revenue is down about 5% last year, and this is the most comprehensive product refresh you've had in some time. I don't know if it's bigger than Buffalo Jump, and maybe you could comment on that. I guess what I'm looking for is maybe talking through as we think about this the installed base, and you've touched on it in the past. But just to refresh us, the number of units up for refresh, how ASPs and deal sizes have trended relative to historicals? Any sort of input that we can take to consider and get comfortable that you can indeed grow product revenue this year? And then, why wouldn't that – I guess the follow-up to that is just, how – you're six months into this refresh, and so, or six weeks into this refresh, any sort of color around how things are tracking relative to historical refreshes? Thanks.
John McAdam - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah. And I'm glad you said that right at the very end you said you are six weeks, that's about right actually in the sense that we only started shipping the products, the high-end portion of the Shuttle series towards the end of the quarter. So you – probably three to – five weeks or six weeks. We've clearly – we've seen good traction already. And by the way, and the first, it's only recently in the last week or so that we've been training the sales force in this and allowing them to actually push it, but we've taken orders in any event, we're happy with the traction. We've seen – remember, it's a high-end product we've announced so far and then the rest of the product line we expect to be done by the end of November. There's just a lot of good reasons for it to be successful. I mean the customer base, as you asked about more than five years is over 40,000, I guess over 42,500 – 44,000 I should say, and that's bigger than it's ever been in the product refresh before. We've got massive amount of systems available now to the sales force to highlight where these customers are, when their service contracts are up, et cetera. So, they've got a lot of ammunition to be able to execute on that refresh. I just think was there any other questions, I think I answered the question.
Ryan Hutchinson - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Yeah. Just on that installed base, so you said 44,000, I mean how does that compare when you look at metrics and analyze it on the back side, I mean, how does that compare relative to some of the prior...
Ryan Kearny - F5 Networks, Inc.: I think we said last quarter that (39:50) is higher than, it was something more than 60% greater than on our last product cycle, like 63% or 65% higher than last product cycle.
John McAdam - F5 Networks, Inc.: Did you hear that? 65% higher than the last product refresh.
Ryan Hutchinson - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks, guys.
John McAdam - F5 Networks, Inc.: Hello. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tal Liani of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Tal Liani - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, guys. I looked at my notes from last quarter, and there seemed to be great improvement on certain areas. And I want to focus maybe on the North American part. In your prepared remarks, you said that the North America improved, and I'm trying to understand, where did the improvement come from? Because last quarter you reported on hesitancy to close some deals and push outs and migration to cloud as negatives and in this quarter we see the opposite. And I'm trying to understand, if it's an issue of products, maybe something that you have done to your sales organization that you call it execution and anything else that contributed, maybe spending cycles or anything else that's contributed to this improvement in North America, so we can discuss the factors.
John McAdam - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah, yeah, yeah. And sales improved fairly significantly quarter-on-quarter. Sales, I mean, I'm not just talking, I'm not specifically talking revenue and those sales were orders that some shipped in the quarter and some mostly – some didn't. But sales increased. I mean a lot of that was execution and I talked about at the beginning of my script that the sales leadership, that John DiLullo has brought into the company including medical (41:37) sales person as well as some real channel expertise. We've added a whole lot of new processes. But one thing you said, Tal, I want to be really clear about, we didn't say the last quarter that we thought the cloud was a headwind. We actually talked about a lot of customer examples showing the opposite where it was a tailwind and what we've seen is that tailwind getting stronger in Q4.
Tal Liani - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And when you look at the cloud, how does the business model change for existing customers meaning if today you charge certain price on a product and then you have maintenance revenues. What happens when you migrate to the cloud for the same customer? How does it make sense?
John McAdam - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah. And that's a complicated question in the sense that depends on the architecture the customer goes for. So, for example, if a customer may move applications that don't have an ADC in front of them, that's an opportunity for us. A customer when he moves applications to, say a public cloud, may want to do more horizontal scaling because it's a software that type shift and that's an opportunity. In fact we've talked about that before, when we see the eType (42:49) solution, we tend to see as much revenue because there is no vertical scalability, it's horizontal. And other words, instead of a (42:58) sitting in front of 100 apps, you have one app, one image per or VE per app. So, it's quite a complicated scenario, but we feel good about it. Everything we've seen that tells it's an opportunity. The other thing we can talk about when we do that is adding security. Security when you move to the cloud is critical. So the chance that was adding more functionality from a module perspective is also good.
Tal Liani - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Just last follow-up, any update on new CEO, are you – you said in the past about, it will take you three months to six months. I think we're coming to the six months anniversary, any update?
John McAdam - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah. We started the process talent in July, at the end of – towards the end of July actually. So we're not really at the end. We've got the search committee from the board, specific search committee of board members are working in this. We've actually done some interviews, the search committee and the team are being very, very thorough about this. There is no timescales yet, we're not giving – there's no timescales associated with it. And the main focus of the team in this room is on the business.
Tal Liani - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
John McAdam - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Catharine Trebnick with Dougherty & Company. Your line is open.
Catharine A. Trebnick - Dougherty & Co. LLC: Yes, good afternoon and thanks for taking my question. Could you give us some more detail on how you're doing with the service provider segment in the different regions and what would be – you did talk a bit about the 100-gig blade but what are some of the other used-case applications that are more popular with F5 today as opposed to maybe a year or two years ago when we thought a lot of the activity would come from the diameter. Thanks.
John McAdam - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah. There's two big areas the way I view it and if anybody wants to chip in, that's fine, but basically on the one hand we have the NFV and that moved a whole range of software and orchestration in management that we brought to the market in fiscal 2016 that helped us dramatically and we talked about speeding up the VE performance as well. That's one hand. And then on the other hand, we've got the Gi line. In the Gi line, you've got Gi Firewall, you get traffic steering, CGNAT, and that's a consolidation play. There's a big consolidation play there. And then the other thing to think about is, obviously is something we're talking about in the cloud applies to the service provider space and so does SSL. The increase of SSL traffic is also a big opportunity in service provider.
Catharine A. Trebnick - Dougherty & Co. LLC: Okay. And one follow on question, last Friday, we had this huge DDoS attack domestically and can you talk to whatever you can on how well your DDoS product is doing? Thanks.
John McAdam - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, we've had some really, really powerful examples of – and obviously not going to name the customers here of mitigating very, very large DDoS attacks and we've done it pretty successfully. Obviously, we have an on-premise DDoS capability. I am really talking about Silverline for the really big attack. Over time, we're going to introduce signaling in DDoS, which I think is going to be incredibly powerful that allows us to if we see some sort of a signature type thing happening on our on-premise solution where we have an – you know the size of an installed base and we can actually upload that to a Silverline as a service solution and then other customers got access to it, I think that's incredibly powerful. We've done extremely well. I mean, something, I can't go through the details in terms of the gigs, but it was just high as you've seen in some of the more public examples.
Catharine A. Trebnick - Dougherty & Co. LLC: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Alex Kurtz with Pacific Crest Securities. Your line is open.
Alex Kurtz - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: Hey, guys. I had a question about the refreshing, the opportunity around the security bundling. John, you are looking to introduce any kind of special programs to, you can increase your security dollars as you refresh some of your core ADC installed base customers?
Ben Gibson - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah, sure. Hey, this is Ben Gibson on this one. We're definitely looking to both continue, the good, better, best smart bundling initiative that we've had in place. But we see a good opportunity to expand on that in the few different areas. And I think the key is, not only for security attached the integrated ADC system but also the opportunity to do the next few quarters to attack new buyers and budgets. So, it's not only security attached in terms of product but I think what's really interesting to coming you is, security attached to new security buyer and budgets within same account. And as the portfolio continues to expand on that front, we think there's some interesting opportunities there.
Alex Kurtz - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: Okay, thanks.
John Eldridge - F5 Networks, Inc.: Okay, Vince. We are going to take two more calls, then wrap it up.
Operator: That's noted, sir. And our next question comes from George Notter with Jefferies. Your line is open.
George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC: Hi, thanks a lot. I wanted to follow-up on the product refresh questions. I think if we go back a few months ago there were some open questions about whether or not you'd see a wait for effects from customers kind of holding off for the new product deliveries. I'm wondering if you've indeed seen any of that or you expect to see any of that in the December quarter? And then also I wanted to ask about evidence of customers trading down, obviously the refresh gives customers access to products that have significantly more performance it, similar types of prices and guess some – I'm wondering if people are looking to trade down? So thanks.
John McAdam - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah. On the Osborne question, it's the delay question. First of all that you have to say sometimes you don't see this, right, so sometimes you don't see it. I don't think we had anything, any material slowdown in last quarter, I don't think we saw that. We didn't actually start shipping until the end, so in fact, the new products, but pretty immaterial to the results last quarter. And we expect them to be more material this quarter. In terms of this quarter and the delay, yeah, there is no signs of that yet, but I think we do a lot of mitigating to make sure we watch it like a hawk in December because December is obviously when we have the whole product range announced, but I think we've got that managed reasonably well but we'll see what happens there. The other thing is that from a trading down perspective, interest of note – this is dangerous almost we're saying this because there is not much data, because it's only a few weeks we've been shipping the product, we've actually not seen quite a high interest at the very high-end model right now, that's probably going to change when we have the whole range available with us – that's what we've seen so far.
George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC: Got it. And then just a follow-up on, on the Osborne effect idea, are you guys modeling for any of that in the December quarter in that guide?
John McAdam - F5 Networks, Inc.: Oh! Yeah, we always assume that type, yes is yes. The other thing I was just thinking about on it is that one of the things is very, very a big increase that we've got from a performance perspective with a new product refresh is SSL, you had me going on and on of SSL and I know that feels very excited about it, but that would have been – we're going to bring more performance with Shuttle there and that could mitigate any Osborne effect as well. And also it's going to be the first ADC with ECC encryption available. So we're going to have quite competitive advantage as well.
George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thanks.
John McAdam - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Jim Suva with Citi. Your line is now open.
James D. Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you so much for the detail so far on the conference call. I have one question and a clarification question. If you look ahead on your guidance, which is quite encouraging. Is it fair to assume that we're now turning the corner that your product growth year-over-year with all your launches and comps and stuff how it's going (51:19) to turn positive or is there any type of variability, I should think about as we kind of look ahead because it appears like, we'd now be at a point where turning positive products growth year-over-year. And then the clarification question is, have you had any component shortages or any gating factors that we should be mindful of that either A, impact shipping times or B, potentially margins or costs on your side. Thank you.
John McAdam - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yeah, regarding the product revenue goal, I mean I think if you go back and look at what I said in my opening remarks is that our goal is to be just product revenue growth throughout the year. And I didn't say that in January, I can assure you. So, yes I think there is improvement there. In terms of the product shortage, Julian.
Edward Julian Eames - F5 Networks, Inc.: Yes, sir. This is Julian. Now, obviously it's new product introduction and you're using some old suppliers and some new ones, but we've not seen anything abnormal to the normal ebbs-and-flows that you'd see within the supply chain.
James D. Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thank you so much for the clarification and details. Thank you.
John Eldridge - F5 Networks, Inc.: And thank you all for joining us and we hope to see many of you at our Analyst Day in Chicago on November 17. We'll talk to you next quarter.
John McAdam - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thanks a lot.
Andrew Reinland - F5 Networks, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. So that concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-07-20 16:30:00) =====
Executives: John Eldridge - Director of IR Andy Reinland - EVP & CFO John McAdam - President & CEO Karl Triebes - EVP, Product Development & CTO
Analysts: Alex Henderson - Needham Brian White - Drexel Alex Kurtz - Pacific Crest Erik Suppiger - JMP Rohit Chopra - Buckingham Research Simon Leopold - Raymond James James Faucette - Morgan Stanley Jayson Noland - Robert Baird
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the F5 Networks Third Quarter and Fiscal 2016 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time all parties will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion. Also, today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Eldridge: Thank you, Sam. Welcome, everyone, to our conference call for the third quarter of fiscal 2016. John McAdam, President and CEO, and Andy Reinland, Executive VP and CFO, will be the speakers on today's call. Other members of our exec team are also on hand to answer questions following John and Andy's prepared comments. If you have any follow-up questions after the call, please direct them to me at 206-272-6571. A copy of today's press release is available on our website, F5.com. In addition, you can access an archived version of today's live webcast from the events calendar page of our website through October 26 from 4:30 PM today until midnight Pacific time July 21, you can also listen to a telephone replay at 800-944-3543 or 402-998-1738. Our discussion today will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect, and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks, that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized on our quarterly release, and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information in this call. With that, I'll turn the call over to Andy Reinland.
Andy Reinland: Thank you, John. F5 delivered solid revenue results and strong profitability in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. Revenue of $496.5 million grew 3% sequentially, and 3% year-over-year and was in the upper end of our $490 million to $500 million guided range. GAAP EPS of $1.37 per share was above our guidance of $1.29 to $1.32 per share. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.81 per share also exceeded our guided range of $1.77 to $1.80 per share. Product revenue of $231.4 million, up 3% sequentially and down 7% year-over-year, represented 47% of total revenue. Service revenue of $265.2 million increased 3% sequentially and 13% year-over-year, and accounted for 53% of total revenue. Americas accounted for 56% of total revenue during the quarter, EMEA contributed 24%, APAC 15%, and Japan 5%. US revenue was down slightly year-over-year, reflecting relatively weak telco spending, and EMEA was down 1%, as a result of softer than expected UK sales. By contrast, APAC revenue grew 20%, and Japan revenue was up 15% from the third quarter of last year. Enterprise customers represented 64% of total sales during the quarter. Service providers accounted for 21%, and government sales were 15%, including 6% of total sales from US Federal. In Q3, we had three greater than 10% distributors: Westcon, which accounted for 18.8%; Ingram Micro, which represented 14.9% of total revenue; and Avnet, representing 13.7%. Our GAAP gross margin in Q3 was 83%. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 84.5%. GAAP operating expenses were $273.3 million, at the low end of our guided range of $270 million to $279 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $239.2 million. GAAP operating margin was 28%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 36.3%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for Q3 34.4%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 32.9%. Turning to the balance sheet, cash flow from operations was $170.5 million. In Q3, we repurchased approximately 1.4 million shares of our common stock, at an average price of $107.18, for a total of $150 million. $924 million remains authorized under the share repurchase program. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.1 billion in cash and investments. DSO at the end of Q3 was 48 days. Inventories were $33.8 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $16.1 million. Deferred revenue increased 15% year-over-year to $856.2 million. We ended Q3 with approximately 4,325 employees, up 5% year-over-year, and flat with the prior quarter. Onto our Q4 outlook. In his prepared remarks, John will discuss a number of new wins that reflect increasing adoption of our application delivery and security services for public and private cloud architectures. In addition, we are confident that the new products released in Q3 and those we are rolling out this quarter, including the BIG-IP appliance refresh will become meaningful drivers of the business over the near and mid-term. These, combined with the progress we've made in sales leadership and improving sales execution over this past year, give us confidence as we look to Q4 and beyond. Our revenue target for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 is $515 million to $525 million. GAAP gross margin is anticipated to be in the 83% range, including approximately $4.5 million of stock-based compensation expense, and $2.7 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. Non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be at or around 84.5%. We anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of $276 million to $285 million. This includes approximately $35.5 million of stock-based compensation expense, and $0.8 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. For Q4, we are forecasting a GAAP effective tax rate of 36% and a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 34%. Our GAAP EPS target is $1.44 to $1.47 per share. Our non-GAAP EPS is target is $1.92 to $1.95 per share. We plan to increase our headcount by 75 to 100 employees in the current quarter, and we believe our cash flow from operations will be at or around $185 million. With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
John McAdam: Thanks, Andy, and good afternoon, everyone. Overall, I was very pleased with F5 team's fiscal Q3 performance. We delivered year-over-year revenue growth with strong profitability, operating margins and cash flow, in what continues to be a relatively challenging business environment. From a sales perspective, both Japan and our Asia-Pacific regions delivered double-digit year-over-year sales bookings growth. Sales bookings in our Americas regions were down year-over-year compared to a strong Americas booking quarter in Q3 fiscal 2015. We experienced softness in the service provider vertical, especially with some of the Tier 1 telco operators. However, the Americas sales results were above our internal forecast, and I was pleased with the progress we are seeing in overall sales execution in the region. Sales bookings in EMEA were also down year-over-year, driven by weaker than expected results in the UK. Once again, our services business continues to deliver strong results and excellent profitability, with year-over-year revenue growth of 13% and deferred revenue growth of 15%. Overall, software revenues were very solid in Q3, accounting for 38% of overall product revenues with excellent growth in software sales, and to public and hybrid cloud architectures. Software revenues include VE versions of TMOS and VE solution modules, as well as solution modules shipped on our appliances and our VIPRION range of products. Security sales were up sequentially over Q2, with a number of excellent security wins across the entire portfolio of our security solutions. For example, a large financial services company used F5's SSL intercept capabilities to provide visibility to encrypted outbound traffic, and protect against a collection of both known and unknown advanced attacks. This solution included service chaining of other vendors' attack detection capabilities, including FireEye and Palo Alto Networks, and further demonstrated our openness and integration capabilities. Another excellent security win, driven by the Internet of Things trend, involves a large Fortune 500 Company leveraging our TCP optimization and WAF capabilities to scale and secure a 10,000-plus IoT deployment. A large bank in EMEA acquired our best BIG-IT bundle to provide service consolidation of several critical functions: single sign-on, WAF, and DDoS mitigation. The customer also purchased our WebSafe anti-fraud product. The resulting solution had a material performance edge over competitors, was significantly less expensive to deploy, and allowed the customer to realize substantial ongoing savings, due to the elegance and simplicity of F5's solution. We also have increasing confidence, following several excellent wins in the hybrid private and public cloud environments in Q3. When our existing customers initiate lift and shift programs to move applications to the public cloud, they continue to view functionality such as programmability of the iRules as critical for application optimization and application security. Similarly, new customers are implementing solutions such as our APM and WAF modules to secure their cloud-based applications. Some examples of hybrid and public cloud wins last quarter include a multinational pharmaceutical company, which elected to migrate its employees to the cloud-based Microsoft Office 365 platform, and used F5's APM identity and access capabilities to enable single sign-on, and native BIG-IP functionality to encrypt Active Directory credentials. Similarly, a market-leading SaaS vendor selected our BIG-IP Virtual Edition to support their AWS customer-facing application. These VE instances were sized to support up to 200 megabits per second of throughput, and were provisioned using only the native point and click capabilities of the AWS marketplace. A large Department of Corrections organization replaced their legacy on-premise ADC vendor for F5, and performed a lift-and-shift migration to the AWS Cloud, incorporating a 200 megabits per second BIG-IP LTM solution, together with an F5 application firewall. Lastly, a global executive search and placement agency embarked on a project to migrate a large cluster of on-premise virtual machines to the Microsoft Azure Cloud. A smooth cloud transition was engineered by embracing a hybrid multi-step migration plan, and by leveraging F5 and the Azure Cloud to manage all application delivery and persistent connection requirements. Last quarter, we introduced a number of new solutions and features into the market. In Q3, TMOS version 12.1 was released, with next-generation programmability features, designed to meet the emerging needs of the DevOps community. TMOS 12.1 also provides leading application services with enhanced public cloud integration, and sophisticated security policies for on premise and hybrid cloud environments. We also announced availability of our new FIPS security appliance, which not only meets the US Federal Information Processing Standards, but also enjoys an eight-fold increase in SSL performance over the existing solutions. In June, we began shipping a 100-gig blade enabling the first terabit class ADC. This product focuses on the service provider market, offering significant performance improvement, with Gi LAN applications such as the Gi firewall and traffic seeding. Based on orders already taken, combined with a growing pipeline, we see demand ramping for the 100-gig blade in this coming quarter and into fiscal 2017. We delivered our latest management and orchestration product, BIG-IQ version 5.0, and iWorkflow version 2.0. BIG-IQ 5.0 delivers significant scalability improvements, and centralized management for all our security products. F5's new iWorkflow 2.0 platform, available as a virtual appliance, accelerates the deployment of applications by orchestrating traffic management and security and hybrid cloud and SDN deployments. Finally, we also delivered our new purpose-built appliance, called DDoS Hybrid Defender. This purpose-built DDoS solution is the first in a new line of purpose-built security appliances. The DDoS Hybrid Defender is the only DDoS solution in the market that provides high performance and true multi-layer DDoS protections for applications, protocols, and the network. Included in this solution is sophisticated application attack defense, with in-depth behavioral analytics, full SSL decryption, and the ability to integrate on-premise DDoS protection with optional cloud-based scrubbing via the F5 Silverline service. In this current quarter, we start the process of delivering a range of new appliances with the target of completing a comprehensive appliance refresh by the October or November timeframe. As you would expect, the new appliances, known internally as the Shuttle series, significantly improved performance, decreased total cost of ownership, and increased our competitive leadership position. However, the Shuttle series is much more than a simple product line upgrade. We believe that the Shuttle series is the world's most programmable flow-ready ADC. The Shuttle series provides the agility that DevOps organizations demand, together with the scaled security investment protection that our traditional customers have long enjoyed. Our high level goal with the Shuttle series is to better meet the capacity, the rapidly changing needs of the additional IT buyer, the DevOps community and the growing ranks of enterprise cloud architects. We also plan to ship a new standalone SSL intercept product this quarter, called the SSL Orchestrator. The SSL Orchestrator provides critical visibility into industry blind spots created by the growing use of encryption through our enterprise networks. This product combines industry-leading cryptographic capabilities, with context-aware dynamic service chaining. It provides enhance in policy enforcement capabilities, sophisticated bilateral detection capabilities, and improves network operations and orchestration. We've already seen a rapidly growing requirement for this functionality. As far as the fiscal 2016 Q4 outlook is concerned, Andy indicated that we expect to deliver revenue in the range of $515 million to $525 million for this quarter. Given the political events in Europe last quarter, combined with the relatively soft spending environment overall, we believe it is prudent to remain cautious in the short term. That being said, I believe we have made progress in a number of areas this year, that will result the growth of our business as we close fiscal 2016 and had into fiscal 2017 in October. I also have a couple of organizational comments I want to share with you today. We managed today the appointment of a new Chief Marketing Officer, Ben Gibson. Ben's 25 years of management experience in enterprise IT and security makes him a natural in fit for the F5 team, as does his exceptional track record of demand and brand creation, and close partnership with both sales and product leadership. Ben joins us from Veritas, where he led the company's rebranded efforts, following the spin-off from Symantec. Prior to Veritas, Gibson spent five years as a Chief Marketing Officer at Aruba Networks. Before joining Aruba, Ben held VP roles at Cisco, where he led a number of marketing teams focused on data center, application networking, and enterprise mobility technologies. With his official start at F5 on August 1, Ben's top priority will be on supporting our product revenue growth plans for the fiscal year ahead, and I expect he will bring new creativity and discipline to our product, field, and channel marketing programs, as well as advertising, digital strategy, and corporate communication initiatives. As I have mentioned several times over the last few quarters, it has always been my intention to return to retirement at some point in the future. At our Board of Directors meeting last week, the F5 Board agreed that the time was right to initiate a formal search for my successor, when I retire as CEO of the company. We have set up a formal search committee to run this process and to vet potential candidates. We have no specific time targets in place, but expect that this process may take six months or more to complete. Needless to say, I remain totally committed to the overall success of F5, including our number one objective of returning to product revenue growth. I continue to believe that F5 is in a really strong position to take advantage industry trends and customer requirements, and I want to reiterate my comments from last quarter. Throughout fiscal 2016, our absolute focus is on execution, with the primary goal of delivering product revenue growth, and I believe this goal will be achieved as we deliver new product business drivers to the market. In conclusion, I would to thank the entire F5 team, our partners and customers for their support last quarter. And with that, we will now hand the call over for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. And we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Rod Hall with JPMorgan. Your line is now open..
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Arkay on behalf of Rod. Thanks for taking my question. Could you expand some more on your commentary on the macro and enterprise spending, and on what you are seeing in the US and globally, and maybe talk about the kind of linearity you saw through the quarter?
John McAdam: Yes, in terms of the comments I made on the macro, it's really straightforward, nothing in depth in terms of what I was coming to. You've got things like Brexit happening over in the UK, you've got all of the weird stuff that's happening worldwide in places like Turkey. Frankly, although results seem to be going well this quarter, we are happy with ours, they're still low percentage versus what the used to be five or six years ago. It's really that. And I think just given that scenario we feel that we should be reasonably cautious, when we look at the forecast that we get from our sales organization and how we think the business is going. In terms of the linearity, it was pretty smooth, really, no surprises. We didn't see any - it was really normal linearity, which for us, we like that a lot. And that was almost on a weekly basis, as well, right throughout the quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks. And could you also comment on the rumor of any interest by Thoma Bravo to acquire your company, and whether you'd be interested in a bid?
John McAdam: I'm glad you were the first one to ask, because you're first on the call. I mean, I think you're going to know the answer to this question. We do not comment whatsoever on any rumors or anything like that and that will be the same right throughout the call.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Alex Henderson with Needham. Your line is now open.
Alex Henderson: Great. Thanks. I was hoping you could give me just a data point. What was the exact ending share count, and while you're looking that up, I was hoping to ask a question. The product refresh timing is a little unusual, relative to your fiscal year-end. Normally, you have a seasonally softer first quarter fiscal, which is the December quarter. Would you think that given the product refresh, that would give you a little bit more heft sequentially into that December quarter? I know you don't want to forecast more than one quarter at a time. But generally speaking, would you expect that to be a little bit more sequential heft into the first quarter or should we just use the standard seasonality parameters?
John McAdam: Yes, it's really too soon to answer that second question. Alex, this is John. Obviously, we feel good about the refresh and we feel good at the opportunity, but we've not seen enough data yet on that, to either be negative or positive. And as you mentioned, we don't tend to forecast outside the quarter. So I'm going to pass on that one.
Alex Henderson: Let me ask another one then. Can you give us some clarity on the financial vertical? I know you stopped breaking it out. But obviously been a lot of contusions to the finance vertical, particularly in Europe, but also in the US. Can you give us any sense of what's going on in that vertical?
Andy Reinland: Just in terms of our execution there, I'd say is pretty consistent. As you said, we don't break it out anymore. But I wouldn't highlight anything.
John McAdam: This is John. We haven't seen any major shifts of any significance in the verticals.
Alex Henderson: Okay, just the share count then. Thanks.
Andy Reinland: Yes, so the ending share count was 66.2 million.
Alex Henderson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Brian White with Drexel. Your line is now open.
Brian White: John, you said the service provider spending in the US was a little soft in the June quarter. Do you expect that to come back in the September quarter? And if you could talk a little bit about NFV, what F5 is doing in that market, the trends that you're seeing, as it's starting to take off? That would be great, thank you.
John McAdam: Yes, in terms of looking at next quarter, I mean, first of all, I'm going to make an obvious statement, and the telco market tends to be lumpy, and I think that's always going to be the case. And with our telco business in particular, it's mostly project-driven as well, which goes in line with that lumpiness. And obviously, we're hoping that the 100-gig has an impact and that's why we called that out. But we are not - we don't forecast by vertical. So I'm not going to say anything about what we expect next quarter, but it's still going to be an important vertical for us with 100-gig. In terms of NFV, I think we're in a really good position for NFV. Everything that - NFV by definition is obviously software biased completely. And all our products, all our solutions can be delivered in a software only way, and as you heard, the other thing we're doing is massive work on orchestration and management, and that's also critical in an NFV space. And then Karl, you might want to talk about the performance of the TMOS VE that we're looking at, as well.
Karl Triebes: Right. Just a few comments, Brian. One, just to go back on orchestration and management, we are also big contributors on OpenStack, which is a big driver for these NFV-based applications. And we see traction in NFV across our entire product line; they're adopting all the different modules as part of that, in these software environments. In terms of performance, we did demonstrate at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona last February, and we are doing this with Intel, essentially a very early prototype version of what will become 100-gig version of our Virtual Edition software. But in the interim, we'll be releasing, towards the end of the year, a 40-gig equivalent version of that. We're moving on to the much higher performance, and in our internal testing right now, we're achieving really good results, with the performance. And so we expect by the end of the year to be shipping that.
John McAdam: And we have seen $1 million-plus project wins that are NFV-based.
Brian White: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Alex Kurtz with Pacific Crest. Your line is now open.
Alex Kurtz: Yes. Thanks, guys for taking the question. John, how would you characterize the larger transactions over the last couple quarters, and especially in June here, across the different verticals? And the deals that are including more security, sort of at the higher end, above a couple million dollars?
John McAdam: Well, to do it by actual function is a little bit different, I haven't got that on the top of my head. But generally, we look at this fiscal, we saw pretty good growth in the $1 million-plus transactions in Q1 and Q2. To be frank, that actually fell off a little bit in Q3, and we're still happy with the result, but we didn't see quite as many. So hopefully we'll see that return in Q4.
Alex Kurtz: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Erik Suppiger with JMP. Your line is now open.
Erik Suppiger: Yes. Thanks for the question – for taking the question. So you mentioned that Brexit appeared to have some impact. I'm just curious, there is been some differences in the way some of the vendors have seen that, the impact from that. In some cases, there is been business actually pulled into the June quarter in light of currency concerns for future quarters. Can you just give us a little bit of some color around how that played out at the end of the quarter, and how that was negative on your results?
John McAdam: Yes, and it's always really, really difficult to point to Brexit, and say that's why we had a certain result in the UK in particular. And let me, before I go more into the question, just to reiterate that EMEA, I mentioned that EMEA sales were down year-over-year and they had a great track record up until that. But that was EMEA, UK actually was down fairly significantly. We think that's probably Brexit-related, but remember by Brexit-related that could be currency-related, it could be a number of things. We did have one example, and it's only one that I know of, of a customer actually placing a purchase order, halving the purchase order, and then deciding that they wanted to take it back completely. That was all June. We didn't ship it or take revenue on it or anything like that. It was just a purchase order. I'm not implying we extrapolate across the whole of that UK market, but that did happen. So we think there was some impact, and time will tell now, as you look forward to this quarter as well, that was just a sudden impact, given the result or it's going to be a longer impact. It is something you need to take into consideration.
Erik Suppiger: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Rohit Chopra with Buckingham Research. Your line is now open.
Rohit Chopra: Thanks very much guys. I just wanted to ask you a little bit about federal, it was down sequentially, last year same period, it was up. Just wanted to see if there's anything there, maybe more competition? Spending seems to be roughly the same over there. And then maybe you could talk a bit about competition if you don't mind, just what's happening in the space, and what you are seeing in both the ADC and also on the security side, with your new products coming out?
Andy Reinland: Yes, so on the federal space, I mean, really the most prominent quarter for us generally is the upcoming quarter, with federal. Other than that, it can be lumpy, like telco, it just depends on when the projects fall and we can recognize revenue. So I wouldn't say there is anything to read into that movement at all.
John McAdam: And on the competition, no big changes from last quarter or the quarter before. Obviously, we are coming out with a lot of products that's going to make us more competitive. But in the ADC space, it remains mainly Citrix, don't see any change in win rate, hopefully we will with the Shuttle series in areas like that. And then the security, it's a pretty broad competitive landscape, depending on what security solution we talk about. If you look at the application side, which is our main focus in security, we got a lot of uniqueness there. So I wouldn't really call it anything, apart from specifically we're probably going to see more of the local and the SSL intercept space, because that's what we're bringing to market now, and we think we have got good differentiation, but nothing, no big, no big eye-openers on the competitive front.
Rohit Chopra: Thanks John, thanks Andy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Simon Leopold with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Simon Leopold: Great. Thank you very much. I wanted to see if you could talk a little bit more about what's going on with the public and hybrid cloud. It's my impression, the press release in your prepared comments, talked more about public cloud as an opportunity than you have in the past, and I imagine part of this is the introduction of the Shuttle series. So two things I'm trying to understand. One is, public cloud, a sense of how that percent of your business or the trends there. And then in terms of kind of hybrid applications, how much of the sales are made to the public cloud versus the enterprise customer, if we could understand the mechanics of the hybrid transaction? Thank you.
John McAdam: Right. It's still a very small number. We don't give an exact percent. It's still a small number from a revenue perspective. I mean, it is really is infancy in terms of opportunity. However, we understand it's very real. The reason you are hearing more about it is that we are doing good penetration with our security products APM and the WAF. Our orchestration is becoming more important. When we've seen pieces of application move from one - from a customer, say to a public cloud, then as I mentioned, we're seeing things by programmability and iRules still being just as critical. Its areas like that, but we're talking, we're still talking fairly small, really small numbers. The other thing is that both in the hybrid cloud and in the public cloud environment, remember, we are focused on the Fortune 500 customers, we're in about 80% of the Fortune 500. They are asking us to help them from an architecture in an implementation perspective. So that gives us an advantage in that area, as well.
Simon Leopold: And the mechanics of the transaction, is it generally to the enterprise customer, rather than the public cloud entity?
John McAdam: There is more than one road to market. Most of what I was just describing there was involving the enterprise customer. But we also have our products available on the public clouds that can be rented, purchased, again, that small numbers, it's fast-growing, but very small numbers. But that's also important to us, and it will get more important over the next few years.
Simon Leopold: And the Shuttle series is an enabler for more of this, is my understanding?
Karl Triebes: Yes. This is Karl. Yes, I mean, the Shuttle series is designed with future proofing in mind, to support these cloud-based applications, in the hybrid, specifically to be able to connect seamlessly between private traditional data center and cloud-based applications. And we do that obviously through all the programmability that we provide. But also we have specialized programmable hardware that allows us to effectively create these connections, and essentially optimize these connections between the private and public and the data center.
Simon Leopold: Great. Thanks for the additional detail.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from James Suva with Citi. Your line is now open.
John McAdam: Hello?
Karl Triebes: Hello, there, did we lose you?
John McAdam: I think we lost this question
Operator: Okay. Our next question is from Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Balaji on behalf of Simona. I wanted to touch on the standalone security products that you recently introduced. I know its early days, but what interest are you seeing there? And then maybe even what the rationale was for introducing standalone products now, since you haven't done this in the past?
Karl Triebes: Yes, so there is a few reasons for us to go off and drive towards this. And one was that we wanted to - today, essentially we have an ADC platform that provides best of breed security, especially application security, identity access management. But it doesn't necessarily lend itself well to going and targeting specific areas within the security buying centers. And what we wanted to do was create a differentiated offering that allowed us to go out and drive essentially toward these - to better position ourselves with the security buying centers in the enterprises, cloud, et cetera. And so we picked essentially functions, if you will or products that our field had been asking us for to differentiate. And we thought that there was a broad - that there would be broad adoption of. And so one of the ones we picked, that we went after first, DDoS. We have a best-of-breed solution there, we do things both at layer four, network-based, biometric style attacks, and we also do things at the application layer. It's very differentiated that we tied these together seamlessly. Another big area has been SSL intercept, and as John mentioned in his script, we have had customers that can implement certain parts of this functionality natively on our ADC platforms, but it requires a lot of programming of iRules, things like that, to actually get that to work. So what we wanted to do was package that, make it easy to deploy and use and have differentiation specifically for that, and then charge separately for that. And the same thing with the carrier-grade firewall that we had announced. So - and this is just a first start of kind of – of a line of products, we'll have other ones that we produce, as time goes on. As part of this, we have a whole laundry list of things, and we'll have specific platforms and branding and everything else that will go out as part of that. You'll see that announced later this year.
Unidentified Analyst: And in terms of customer interest, are you already in discussions?
Karl Triebes: Yes, definitely. Yes, I mean, its – there is a lot of momentum as we go - especially on the SSLi side. But yes, we've definitely been in discussions with customers for quite some time, and working with the field to push it along.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. I just had one more clarification. You cited weak telco spending in America, but the overall telco revenues, based on your 27% comment, it looks like it grew 8% year-on-year. So where were you seeing strength and what's the difference in those markets from Americas right now?
John McAdam: Yes, first of all, I don't think there is much difference in the markets. Remember I said, a lot of its project driven, it tends to be that. APAC was very strong. We had a good quarter in Japan as well, and EMEA had growth, which was reasonable.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great, thank you.
John McAdam: Okay.
John Eldridge: Sam, John Eldridge. We're going to take two more calls.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. Our next question is from James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
James Faucette: Thanks a lot. I just had a quick follow-up on the Japan commentary, and that was, did you have any benefit in the quarter from just a strengthening of the yen or did deal sizes remain largely unchanged when everything was priced in US dollars? I guess, just that kind of clarification. And then my second question is, when we look at - sorry, when we look at the telco projects, this is a follow-up there as well, and you mentioned that they're project based. Is that lumpiness that we're seeing right now because the projects are complete or are we just in a pause ahead of acceptances? Thank you very much
Andy Reinland: Yes. So in terms of Japan, we didn't hear really anything from the Japan sales team that currency played a role in their results. We think and believe that sales execution is good there, and they are continuing to drive the business very well, but no discussion with them around currency.
John McAdam: Yes, and on the service provider question, no. If you look at especially Tier 1s, as I mentioned, we - when Gi firewall project, we're just touching the initial stages of that opportunity. If you look at traffic seeding, traffic is increasing 50% a year still. So no, then there is no concept of the completeness, it's more about when you move onto stage B or stage C or do you have a completely new project like VoLTE, that type of thing.
James Faucette: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks.
John McAdam: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question is from Jayson Noland with Robert Baird. Your line is now open.
Jayson Noland: Okay, great. I wanted to touch on the software topic. John, I think you said 38% of product revenue was software on the quarter, that's up from about a third quarter-on-quarter, which is a big move, and I assume it's a lot year-on-year, too. The press release says it's a 4X performance improvement in Virtual Editions to be released in the December quarter. So how do you get a 4X performance improvement, and what's the percent mix look near to medium-term with software?
Karl Triebes: Hi. I'll take that. This is Karl, I'll take that question. On the 4X, it's a lot of really good engineering. No, we've done a lot of work on the guts of our system to - and our software, to really enable ourselves to run at these higher performance rates. And so we've been working on this for quite some time. Like I said earlier in the call, we demoed with Intel, on some of their newer CPUs, essentially an early version of our 100-gig VE that will be coming out. So when we talk about 100-gig, obviously, in terms of throughput and performance, we put some bounds essentially on what functions are actually running on that. We are not going to run a database at 100-gig on the thing, but we are running traffic, and a lot of our major functionality at that performance level.
Jayson Noland: And the percent mix near medium-term, does that 38% continue to head north?
John McAdam: We'll see, we'll see. I mean, remember, we're about to introduce the Shuttle series, and that actually could change that percentage. We'll see, that's going to be our goal. I mean, one of the things I have mentioned a number of times is that we have a large installed base. I mentioned this in a couple of the conference calls. We have a large installed base of products that are under contract and more than five years old. And for example, greater than five years old, we have 42,000 systems that are greater than five years old. To put that in perspective, when we did the last product refresh, we had 25,000 that were more than five years old. So we think that's an opportunity. And that could affect that percentage one way or the other. But the whole goal is to be successful in software, and to drive the Shuttle series as much as possible.
Jayson Noland: Thanks, John
John Eldridge: All right, thank you very much for joining us for today's call. And again, if you have any follow-up questions, please don't hesitate to call me. 206-272-6571. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, speakers. And this does conclude today's conference. Thank you for joining. All parties may disconnect at this time.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-04-20 22:15:00) =====
Executives: John Eldridge - Director, Investor Relations Andrew Reinland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President John McAdam - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Karl D. Triebes - Chief Technical Officer & EVP-Product Development John DiLullo - Executive Vice President of Worldwide Sales
Analysts: Alex Henderson - Needham & Co. LLC Matt Robison - Wunderlich Securities, Inc. Vijay K. Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Sanjiv Wadhwani - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker) James Dickey Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Mark Moskowitz - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jayson A. Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Jess Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Paul Silverstein - Cowen & Co. LLC
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the F5 Networks Second Quarter and Fiscal 2016 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time all parties will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion. Also, today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Eldridge - Director, Investor Relations: Thank you, Sam. Welcome, everyone, to our conference call for the second quarter of fiscal 2016. John McAdam, our President and CEO; and Andy Reinland, Executive VP and CFO, will be the speakers on today's call. The other members of our exec team are also on hand to answer questions following John and Andy's prepared comments. If you have any follow-up questions, please direct them to me at 206-272-6571. A copy of today's press release is available on our website at f5.com. In addition, you can access an archived version of today's live webcast from the Events Calendar page of our website through July 20. From 4:30 PM today until midnight Pacific Time, April 21, you can also listen to a telephone replay at 866-474-1441 or 203-369-1499. During today's call our discussion will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as: believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our quarterly release and described in detail on our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. With that, I'll turn the call over to Andy Reinland.
Andrew Reinland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, John. In a relatively challenging environment, F5 delivered year-over-year revenue growth and strong profitability. Revenue in Q2 grew 2.4% year-over-year to $483.7 million, within our guided range of $480 million to $490 million. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.68, above our guided range of $1.61 to $1.64 per share. These results exceeded our forecast driven by strength in gross margins and prudent management of expenses, as well as a decrease to our worldwide effective tax rate and the strong buyback of our common stock. GAAP EPS of $1.11 per share was below our guidance of $1.13 to $1.16 per share due to one-time costs for a patent-related jury verdict and other costs associated with that litigation. The related impact of these one-time costs to GAAP EPS was approximately $0.08. Product revenue of $225.4 million declined 4% sequentially and 8% year-over-year and represented 47% of total revenue. Service revenue of $258.2 million increased 1% sequentially, 13% year-over-year, and accounted for 53% of total revenue. Revenue from the Americas accounted for 56% of total revenue during the quarter; EMEA contributed 25%; APAC, 13%; and Japan, 5%. On a year-over-year basis, the Americas were up 1%, EMEA revenue was up 8%, APAC revenue grew 1%, and Japan revenue was down 1%. Enterprise customers represented 64% of total sales during the quarter. Service providers accounted for 21%, and government sales were 16% including 7% of total sales from U.S. federal. In Q2 we had three greater than 10% distributors: Westcon, which accounted for 18.2% of total revenue; Ingram Micro, which represented 15% of total revenue; and Avnet representing 13.3%. Our GAAP gross margin in Q2 was 83%. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 84.6%. Including $8.9 million for patent-related jury verdict and other costs associated with that litigation, GAAP operating expenses were $286.5 million, above our guided range of $272 million to $281 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses, which exclude these patent litigation costs, as well as stock-based compensation and amortization of purchased intangible assets, were $239.8 million. GAAP operating margin was 23.8%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 35%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for Q2 was 34.5%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 32.7%. Turning to the balance sheet, cash flow from operations was $133.1 million. In Q2, we repurchased 2.1 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $94.62 for a total of $200 million, ending the quarter with approximately $1.1 billion in cash and investments. At its April meeting, the board approved an additional share repurchase authorization of up to $1 billion. DSO at the end of Q2 was 50 days. Inventories were $35.2 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $16.5 million. Deferred revenue increased 17% year-over-year to $842.7 million. And we ended the quarter with approximately 4,325 employees, an increase of 50 from the prior quarter. On to our fiscal Q3 outlook, as we enter into the historically stronger second half of our fiscal year, we remain focused on business execution and the delivery of our upcoming new products and features to drive the next leg of growth for F5. With this in mind, our revenue target for the third quarter of fiscal 2016 is $490 million to $500 million. GAAP gross margin is anticipated to be in the 82.5% range, including approximately $4.5 million of stock-based compensation expense and $2.7 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. Non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be at or around 84%. We anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of $270 million to $279 million. This includes approximately $36.5 million of stock-based compensation expense and $0.8 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. For Q3, we are forecasting a GAAP effective tax rate of 35% and a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 33%. Our GAAP EPS target is $1.29 to $1.32 per share. Our non-GAAP EPS target is $1.77 to $1.80 per share. We plan to increase our head count by up to 50 employees in the current quarter, and we believe our cash flow from operations will be at or around $155 million. With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
John McAdam - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Andy; and good afternoon, everyone. Overall, I was pleased with F5 team's fiscal Q2 performance. We delivered year-over-year revenue growth of 2.4%, with strong profitability and operating margins in a relatively challenging business environment. From a sales perspective, EMEA, Japan and the Asia Pacific region all delivered year-over-year sales bookings growth. Sales bookings in our America region were down year-over-year in Q2 as we experienced a drop in sales in our two strongest verticals: finance and telco. However, in spite of the shortfall in these verticals, sales from large transactions remained solid in the Americas during the quarter with year-over-year growth from sales in the $1 million-plus category. Our services business continues to deliver strong results and excellent profitability with year-over-year revenue growth of 13%; also deferred revenue growth 17% year-over-year in the quarter, which should bode well for future business. Our Good, Better, Best pricing models continues to be a significant percentage of our bookings with year-over-year growth of 25%. As in previous quarters, customer adoption of the Best category remains very strong. Overall, software revenue also remained strong in Q2 with more than one-third of product revenue coming from software sales driven by security module sales, GBB and software-only VE solutions. Security continues to be the growth driver of our business. We had a number of excellent wins last quarter driven by our application security modules with strong year-over-year growth in large transactions. For example, a global Fortune 25 company invested almost $1 million in the F5 APM solution to enable identity and access management for their employees into the Microsoft Office 365 environment. Also, we won a project with a U.S. regional airline, who invested nearly $1 million in our on-premise web application firewall to help mitigate malicious and organic DDoS-oriented service interruptions. Another example was with a telco provider with more than 20 million subscribers which made a significant investment in Silverline anti-DDoS services to thwart attacks orchestrated by an unidentified hacktivist. We delivered solid sequential and year-over-year growth from Silverline, our cloud-based subscription DDoS and web security services. The pipeline for Silverline services continues to grow, and we continue to invest in additional head count in sales and support resources to take advantage of this growth opportunity. We also launched an inside sales initiative in Q2, targeting the mid-range market opportunity where there's a real need for application and DDoS protection ideally suited to a subscription service model. We also had some excellent wins in the hybrid private and public cloud environment. A large European banking customer purchased over several hundred thousand dollars of VE subscription licenses through the AWS marketplace for the deployment of a new customer engagement portal that coexists with the existing infrastructure and will ultimately support more than 10 million customers. A large SaaS customer invested in VE license through the AWS marketplace to provision Layer 7 local traffic management capabilities on a new platform-as-a-service offering to their installed base. Another cloud win last quarter involved a large U.S.-based entertainment content provider purchasing VE licenses through the AWS marketplace as part of their lift and shift strategy to move their customer interaction operations into the public cloud. As far as the outlook is concerned, Andy indicated that we expect to deliver revenue in the range of $490 million to $500 million. In the context of several global macroeconomic issues we delivered strong financial results in Q2, but as we stated last quarter, we believe it is prudent to remain cautious in the short-term. We have made good progress in all our strategic and major initiatives in Q2. As I mentioned last quarter, we have no shortage of short-term business drivers, which we will introduce starting this current quarter. Earlier this month, we introduced a new version of TMOS, version 12.1, known internally as the Cascade release. Cascade supports the new 100-gig blade for our high-end VIPRION series which I will talk about shortly. Cascade also makes huge strides to increase F5's leadership in application programmability and application deployment. Cascade introduces F5's next-generation iRules and iApp functionality, called iRulesLX and iAppsLX. iRulesLX allows users to leverage Node.js libraries to provide new functionality addressing the needs of the DevOps market, as well as customer applications that need customization and programmability. iRulesLX is based on the LineRate technology and is fully integrated in TMOS. iAppsLX allows for easy programming of specific use cases for application services, leveraging the broadly used web application programming language JavaScript. iAppsLX also significantly enhances the F5 orchestration and SDN product as it allows use cases to be dynamically published via BIG-IQ into the various SDN controllers such as the Cisco APIC, VMware NSX and OpenStack. This is a really unique feature which should give F5 a clear advantage with our SDN partners. We are on track to deliver a new performance FIPS appliance and LME (15:15) based on the BIG-IP 10000 series appliances. It uses next-generation technology, enabling an eight times improvement in the SSL performance of existing solutions. This product is designed to address core requirements in both our financial services and our federal markets. We successfully demonstrated our 100-gig blade for the high-end VIPRION series platform at Mobile World Congress last quarter. The new VIPRION 100-gig interfaces more than doubles the performance of an existing cards thereby enabling the first-ever terabit-class ADC in the market. We are seeing strong interest in the 100-gig blade from our global service providers and have already received an initial $1 million-plus order for the product. The 100-gig blade is on track for delivery in May and we would expect to see initial revenue from the 100-gig blade this quarter, current Q3, with growing momentum in Q4 and into fiscal 2017. The new blade runs all TMOS application modules and is targeted at service provider applications including Gi firewall, Carrier-Grade NAT, and intelligent traffic steering. BIG-IQ release 5 is also on track for release this quarter and we are very encouraged by the customer reaction to the new functionality and scalability improvement that are included in the release. Release 5 includes centralized management for all security products including APM, ASM, AFM, Gi Firewall, and WebSafe anti-fraud. It also adds new device management capabilities, ADC management and application analytics. I mentioned in last quarter's call that we plan to expand our product portfolio by adding purpose-built security products which will address new markets. The initial release will include an SSL Intercept and SSL Air Gap solution, as well as a standalone DDoS solution with new behavioral and intelligence capabilities. There have been some small changes in the delivery schedule for these two products. The initial release of the SSL Intercept and Air Gap products will now be available in early-July; and the standalone DDoS product should be available slightly earlier than expected with availability towards the end of this current quarter. It's worth noting that we have already won large SSL Intercept projects using our existing iRules on our current ADC range of products. The initial version of the standalone SSL Intercept solution will use our existing iApp technology to allow much simpler implementation. This will then be enhanced further by using the new iAppLX (sic) [iAppsLX] (18:01) functionality in a later release. We're also making good progress to release a 40-gig capable version of our software VE solution. Intel demonstrated our F5 VE solution in a 100-gig environment at Mobile World Congress and received a lot of interest from service providers who have the goal of driving NFV architectures in the future. Progress on our plan to deliver a comprehensive appliance refresh is going well and we are on track to commence delivery of the new products in July and have all products available within a three-month to four-month window. The new appliances, known internally as the Shuttle series, significantly improve performance, decrease total cost of ownership and increase our competitive leadership. However, the Shuttle series is much more than a simple product line upgrade. The Shuttle series is DevOps-friendly, encompasses a full stack of security solutions and offers specific persona-based customized solutions using our proprietary FPGA software-defined hardware functionality. The Shuttle series will support our application modules across the entire product lineup and are designed to support and enable two-tier architectures including hybrid clouds. Our high-level goal with the Shuttle series is to bridge the gap between traditional IT, the DevOps environments and the emerging cloud architectures. I continue to believe F5 is in a really strong position to take advantage of industry trends and customer requirements. Our absolute focus is on execution with the primary goal of delivering product revenue growth. And I believe this goal will be achieved as we deliver the new product business drivers to the market. We have added several key executives to the F5 team last quarter to support and enhance our focus on execution. You may have seen recent press releases announcing the appointment of key sales and security executives to F5. I'm really excited to have Pete Brant, David Helfer and Mike Convertino in the F5 team. Pete joins us as SVP for North American Sales and brings with him a fantastic track record with more than 20 years of experience in technology and security sales. David joins us as VP of Worldwide Channels and brings extensive experience in global channels and sales operations, again with a fantastic track record. Mike is F5's first Chief Information Security Officer. His first priority is the continued protection of the company's customer assets and data. Mike will also play a lead role in the development of F5's securities product roadmap and represent F5 in the IT industry and wider security community. In conclusion, I would like to thank the entire F5 team, our partners and customers for their support last quarter. And with that, I'll hand the call over for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question is from Alex Henderson with Needham. Your line is now open.
Alex Henderson - Needham & Co. LLC: Hi.
Andrew Reinland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Alex.
Alex Henderson - Needham & Co. LLC: So, just a couple of very quick, detailed questions. Can you tell us what the actual ending share count was given how much you guys are buying back?
Andrew Reinland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. So, our fully weighted diluted share count for the end of Q2 was 67,000,804.
Alex Henderson - Needham & Co. LLC: No, that's the average. What's the actual ending?
Andrew Reinland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. Just give us a second...
Unknown Speaker: Give us a second, Alex, and we'll get that to you.
Alex Henderson - Needham & Co. LLC: And then the second question on the linearity in the quarter, you clearly had some angst in the broader marketplace in January and February. It seems to have gradually resolved itself over the course of the last month of the quarter and into April. Has that been your experience over the course of the quarter? Was it soft in January/February and then improved linearly over the course of the quarter? Can you give us some sense of what's happening?
John McAdam - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: To some degree that was the case. So, obviously, January and February, we did see some angst. We started to get a little bit worried about visibility, but obviously we check linearity weekly, and it wasn't a disaster, but it wasn't probably as good as we would've liked to have been. We did see visibility start to clean up towards the end of the quarter, which was obviously encouraging, because that was slightly different from last quarter, where I said almost the opposite.
Alex Henderson - Needham & Co. LLC: And if I could, just on that same subject, would the financial segment, because of how awful their business was in the quarter, be one area that didn't do that?
John McAdam - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. No, no. We actually had some pretty strong transactions towards the end of the quarter that we expected in the financial segment. And by the way, Alex, I mentioned in my script that obviously financial and telco were down somewhat. They weren't down a significant amount; well, finance in particular wasn't down that much. Telco was actually down more.
Alex Henderson - Needham & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks.
John McAdam - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thanks.
Unknown Speaker: Alex, the number you were looking for was 66,000,981.
Alex Henderson - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
John McAdam - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Rod Hall with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. This is RK (23:51) on behalf of Rod. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about the enterprise spending weakness that you're seeing and what's driving that. So, do you think it's all driven by just the macro weakness or, I mean, EMC today, earlier today talked about how they're seeing customers pausing spending as they look at the various different cloud architectures. Do you see some of that too? And I was also wondering if you think that customers are pausing spending ahead of your upcoming product research? Thanks.
John McAdam - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So pretty much similar to what we said last quarter; in other words we do see macro. We don't think it's a strong spending environment in general out there, but we are also, in our opinion, we think there are delays in spending caused by customers effectively strategizing over the new cloud architectures and what applications they should take and basically planning that. So I think we're seeing some slowness because of the transformation in architecture. So that's two reasons. I must admit that I think there's another reason. I mean, over time, we've seen some disruption, and it's been well publicized in management. And I think that's behind us now. I talked about some of the hiring that John DiLullo, in particular, has done over the last couple of quarters and (25:22) back in charge in North America, and I feel really good about that. But, the two big ones for us are really the macro combined with the fact that the cloud architectures, and you combine those two together and that makes it easy to make a delay in the spending decision. And then in terms of the Osborne (25:43) type question that you asked about, not really. I can't say we're seeing much of that, we're watching it like a hawk especially this quarter because I did say that the big product shipments which is the Shuttle series is now destined for July, so we're feeling good about really getting a good date now that's pretty soon. And I think we're going to be okay with that, but we're watching it very, very closely.
Unknown Speaker: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Matt Robison with Wunderlich. Your line is now open.
Matt Robison - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Hey, thanks. So, I was hoping you could elaborate a little bit more on the TCO benefits for Shuttle series. I'm trying to get my arms around what's going to stimulate an installed base upgrade cycle.
Karl D. Triebes - Chief Technical Officer & EVP-Product Development: Yeah, I mean – hi, this is Karl. Real quick, there's a few things. One is, typically every time we release new appliances, the new generation tends to be, on average, about two times to four times faster for the equivalent price points. And so, we certainly are moving forward in that direction with these. All of these appliances also now support FPGAs, all the way down the lineup. And so, as John mentioned in his script, we're going to be supporting these use case driven versions of these FPGAs for specific scenarios like security or other areas where you can optimize the platform depending on how you're going to use it. So, for example, with security, if you want to block, say, IP addresses, you can do that in hardware. Or for like private cloud scenarios and data centers, you'll be able to connect things transparently through the hardware versus doing it through having to balance everything through the CPU. So, you get not only benefits from just the back-end horsepower, but also from the ability to offload a lot of functionality into the hardware and the appliance.
John McAdam - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And also with the performance improvement you get more modules on a single system than you would normally get. So there's a bunch of areas there, but I actually think the big one – and that's why I said it's not just a product line upgrade, because we're going to get all that good stuff, and hopefully the customers will benefit from the savings that they get. But, more importantly, SS bridge (28:01) we see as a bridge between the existing on-premise architectures and the cloud with some of the stuff that we can do that Karl mentioned on FPGAs to tunnel connectivity between private and public clouds and these products.
Matt Robison - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Okay. So a part of it is, when you say offload that sounds like maybe you're pulling some wallet share from some other adjacent types of products. I know you've mentioned the SSL Intercept. But, are you talking about those kind of (28:33)
Karl D. Triebes - Chief Technical Officer & EVP-Product Development: No. We're offloading it from the CPUs, so we're not having to burn CPU cycles. So, you can do anything in software, but it's a question of performance. And by offloading certain functionality into the hardware of the system, we can really heavily optimize this. And by the way, this is – if you look at Intel's approach with their acquisition of Altera, they're taking the same approach where you can allow for optimization of hardware elements as well as software elements all on the same system. So...
Matt Robison - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: So what you're really talking about is going back to what John said about running more modules on a given appliance...
Karl D. Triebes - Chief Technical Officer & EVP-Product Development: Yeah. So, more functionality, more modules, more consolidation, more performance. The systems will also have more memory, so we can support higher concurrency limits. There's a lot of goodness with that architecture.
Matt Robison - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: So the TCO comes down to running more modules then?
John McAdam - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That, plus the other things we said.
Matt Robison - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks a lot.
John McAdam - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Vijay Bhagavath with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Vijay K. Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. Hi, John and Andy. Question for you around your roadmap focus. I'd like to better understand the focus and emphasis of the roadmap. Is it on speeds and feeds like you just mentioned the 100-gig VIPRION blades or would it be in security, for example, some of the growth opportunities in security outbound firewalls end point security, threat analytics? I think where I'm coming from is I want to better understand over the next few years do you see F5 primarily as a security company, or do you see it primarily as an ADC company? Thanks.
John McAdam - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Now, this is an easy question. So, first of all, by a mile the focus is on more sophistication and feature sets within the software. That's obviously the way things are going and especially by a long way security being the main focus for us. So, things like behavior analysis, areas like that where you'll see enhancing all our software capability. Our goal has always been to add features to increase our addressable market especially in security and that's what you're going to see. Speeds and feeds are great because they tend to be pretty tactical from a growth perspective and we'll take advantage of that, but over time what we're interested in is building our security portfolio that's absolutely focused on our skill set which is application security and then increasing that. And increasing it not just by functionality, but also by the way we take it to market, like, for example, the Silverline services having our own cloud-based (31:10) And then, of course, putting that software on all the public clouds as well.
Karl D. Triebes - Chief Technical Officer & EVP-Product Development: And just to add to that, just giving an example performance and functionality are critical, because we use the Gi firewall, for example. We're able to get in – one of the reasons we're able to get in there is that we can replace racks of gear with a much smaller footprint with a much higher TCO and so performance has to be there, the functionality has to be there, but those two go hand in hand.
Vijay K. Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Perfect. A quick follow-on is on Europe and Asia. We have heard mixed signals from other companies that have reported. What are you seeing, John, in terms of a demand outlook in Europe and Asia? Thanks.
John McAdam - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. We're happy with it. I mean, I actually – it was quite specific that we actually saw year-over-year sales, bookings growth in APAC and in Japan and in EMEA. And we think we're actually doing really well there and we've got a good opportunity.
Vijay K. Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Sanjiv Wadhwani with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Sanjiv Wadhwani - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks. Just two quick questions. John, any further granularity on what exactly happened with the telco vertical? It looks like it was down probably in the mid-teens or so. And then second question on product revenue growth. I know you talked about that. Should we be looking at product revenue growth in July and September on a sequential basis than on a year-over-year basis? Thanks.
John McAdam - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: On your first question, just for clarity, were you saying it was down 15% or – because it was 21% of our revenue for the quarter.
Sanjiv Wadhwani - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Right, John. Maybe my calculation might be a little bit off, but telco was down, I'm thinking, in sort of the mid-teens or somewhere around there.
John McAdam - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. As I mentioned, telco – I mentioned the two verticals, telco and finance and I did say that telco was down more. We've seen this so many times and the really big one was, I don't even like mentioning it, but it was in 2013 in the same quarter where we saw telco slump pretty badly. There's definitely – I think it was a slow spending environment in telco last quarter. I think we've seen that from some of our peers and announcements that they've made. There also, I think, there's some slowness related to some of the decisions we're making from an NFV architecture perspective. Having said all that, we look at the interest level on the 100-gig blade and it's very high. Now, we're not announcing it. We're not shipping it until May. We have taken fairly sizable order already, and we expect to make revenue this quarter. So, I think, to be frank, I think the biggest – the real run rate starts in Q4, but we will see additional revenue. And that, I think, will help certainly in the short-term and beginning of 2017 the telco vertical. But, apart from that, I don't think there's anything systemic. It's all about with us, typically, projects not closing or moving from one quarter to another.
Andrew Reinland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And then to your question on product revenue growth, I mean, obviously, we don't guide beyond the current quarter, but you do see sequential growth implied in this coming quarter and that's our absolute focus and that's why we're spending a lot of time talking about the new products coming out and the impact we think that's going to have through the rest of the year and into 2017. So, we'll see.
Sanjiv Wadhwani - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Got it. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ittai Kidron with Oppenheimer Securities. Your line is now open.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks. Couple of questions from me. First, following up on Sanjiv's question on the service provider. John, is there potential any (35:06) in front of your 100-gig introduction? And can you tell us if there's been some unusual turnover in your sales force in general and maybe in your service provider sales force more specifically? And then, Andy, with regards to OpEx, I think, in your investor day last year, you've kind of talked about how you expect operating margins in the second half of the year to be better than the first half of the year. Clearly it's showing, but can you give us a little bit sense of a magnitude? How much of an improvement? Should we see a little bit more a flattish pattern from your R&D expenses, which have been moving up quite aggressively in the last three quarters? Does that flatten out here – how much of a lift we're getting operating margin-wise.
John McAdam - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okey-dokey. I'll take the first two then. On the delay, I mean, it's always tough to tell that. There may be some proportion of delay that happened last quarter. Remember, we're spending a lot of time talking to the large customers, large service provider customers about the 100-gig. We've got a pretty good view into the potential demand both this quarter and next. As with any new product, they will try it out, which is why I was indicating that we'll probably see a stronger reception to it in Q4, because it's only going to be coming out in May, but we feel really, really positive about seeing revenues this current quarter as well. So it's difficult to actually measure that type of question. I would probably say that, because it's going to be available this quarter, one cancels out the other. In other words, I don't think there's going to be any significant delay because of the 100-gig, just to be specific. Regarding the turnover question, we don't really talk about that stuff much, but I will comment on it. We did see some turnover last quarter in the Americas. We're addressing that aggressively. In fact, we have addressed most of it aggressively, actually, to make sure that we don't lose any momentum because of that. But, I wouldn't go into it in any more detail than that.
Andrew Reinland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. And on operating margin, the messaging we put out there still holds. And if you look at our revenue guidance against the OpEx and gross margin I put out there, we are going to see some improvement in operating margin. But like we always say, we're going to watch it against the revenue and adjust accordingly. So, we're looking forward to continued improvement against revenue growth. And if we see that, we'll have it; and if not, we'll adjust accordingly.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Very good. Good luck, guys.
John McAdam - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jim Suva with Citi. Your line is now open.
James Dickey Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you very much. It seems like in the next couple quarters you've got a lot of new product launches and things like that, which is very exciting. Don't get me wrong. Can you help us understand about what we should be thinking about for OpEx as well as margins? I think you'd mentioned you're going to be hiring this quarter about, I think you said 50 additional employees, which is good. The cost profiles or the operating expenses and associated gross margins of, kind of, the run rate what we're doing now versus these newer products, so we don't get too ahead of ourselves and monitor in how they plan out with these next couple quarters of your new product launches. Thank you.
Andrew Reinland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. So, specifically on gross margins, where we think we could see potential upside, we don't think the new products coming out will have a lower gross margin profile. This is really about mix and mix-to-software, and the impact that could have on the longer term to our margin. And we'll see. As we talk about quite a bit, if we do get gross margin improvement, we like to look at how we can invest that back in the business, and our most recent obvious example is bringing Silverline to market with really not (39:13) much of an impact on our overall business model. And though we don't guide much beyond the next quarter, where you see we said 84% for our non-GAAP gross margin, we expect to see strong gross margins continue, and we'll manage it very carefully.
James Dickey Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thank you very much for the details.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mark Moskowitz with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Mark Moskowitz - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes. Thanks. Good afternoon. Two quick questions, if I could. I just want to drill a little deeper in terms of the international strength, if you will, relative to the U.S. How much of that is related to market share gains versus just penetration of existing customers? And then the other question we had, we've been doing some work and obviously have limits in terms of how many VARs we can speak with, but the VARs seem to feed back to us that hey, a lot of our customers don't recognize F5 as a security vendor. I was just kind of curious why you're not taking advantage of this opportunity with all these new products and maybe spend a little more from a sales evangelism perspective to get the word out that you're going to be a long-term security vendor?
John McAdam - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Let me take the second one first. I mean, we do – we couldn't deny that we could improve our security profile image, because we think we've already earned it, but clearly we haven't earned it from a marketing or a profile perspective, and we need to do that. So you'll see us doing a number of things. I mean, if you look at some of the hires that we're hiring, we're hiring more and more security people, and we've added significant security experts within the field to support the overall sales force. We've had it – I talked about Pete Brant with his background in security, our new CISO. So, you'll see us doing more than that. I'm not going to say anything specific of that spend, but it's the big focus for us, because it's the future. We're also pushing ahead with the security research team as well, because we do need to get more public about that. I mean, in fact, if you looked on the script today, we probably never really mentioned some of the security wins we've had during the call we've started to do that as well. So, we do take that – we take that input very seriously. In terms of the first question on outside of the Americas in terms of how's the growth profile, I'm not sure it's directed at market share gain and/or customer penetration. I think, first of all, typically, when we penetrate, say, the times 200 that's a good thing, because that means we do more and more business. So, we love the concept of penetrating into existing customers. There's so many applications that we can sit in front of and optimize. I don't think it's really that. I think they've been executing well in a tough environment, obviously, but they've been executing well in those environments. We think with the changes we've been making, that John DiLullo has been making in sales in the Americas, you're going to see similar execution coming in the future as well.
Mark Moskowitz - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jayson Noland with Baird. Your line is now open.
Jayson A. Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Great. Thank you. John, I wanted to ask about the dedicated security products DDoS in June and SSL in July. I guess that's not a surprise since you guys have a lot of traction in those categories now, but is this just the beginning of a portfolio expansion in security? And then, Andy, if you could talk to the sales overlay. Are these SEs working with account managers, or are you hiring dedicated account managers with security quota? Thanks.
John McAdam - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Okay. On the first question, yeah, it's absolutely beginning and Karl can talk about this in a second. I would say, first of all, DDoS we feel really good about across the board, and you'll see us linking a standalone DDoS solution to a Silverline DDoS solution via signaling, which is going to be pretty unique and feel good about that. But, the reason I'm mentioning the first two is that we're hearing a lot of interest from the field on SSL Intercept and SSL Air Gap. So, yes, we will be adding more, but our main focus is going to be taking that opportunity. In terms of the types of things we're adding, the Shuttle series is obviously geared to that to that and Karl might want to comment, just in general.
Karl D. Triebes - Chief Technical Officer & EVP-Product Development: Yeah. I was going to comment. We're significantly enhancing our security portfolio. I mean, centralized management, we didn't talk about that, but with BIG-IQ 5.0 our whole security or portfolio is now managed under one central controller. We can manage multiple hundreds of devices, tens of thousands of objects, things like that. So we're really expanding that. And then with the appliances the SSL Intercept John mentioned, the same thing with the DDoS as well as Carrier-Grade Firewall and some other things that we're planning in the future. We're significantly enhancing the capabilities at DDoS solution in addition to that, doing things like behavioral DDoS, being able to fingerprint, identify bad actors. We can leverage that for threat intelligence speeds, we have security analytics that we're building, and that'll be coming out as part of the solution. We've been significantly enhancing our identity and access management solution, which is our APM platform. We're adding some major new features in the next six months to that to enhance its federation and single sign-in capabilities. So there's just a lot going on on that portfolio that we just don't have time to talk about here at this venue. But there's a tremendous amount of focus from the teams on that.
Jayson A. Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Andy, the cost of the sales overlay? Like how expansive is the head count addition?
John DiLullo - Executive Vice President of Worldwide Sales: This is John DiLullo. A lot of the investments that we've made in the awareness and training and making our sales team literate has been by investing in the team that we have onboard now. Over the past 18 months, we've also invested in a specialist organization that does sales and technical design, and that's the team we're running with at this point.
Jayson A. Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you.
John Eldridge - Director, Investor Relations: Hi. This is John Eldridge. I just want to say we'll take two more questions, and then we're going to wrap up this call.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. Our next question is from Jess Lubert with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open.
Jess Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, guys. Two questions. First, with respect to the outlook and some of the macro uncertainty you referenced, can you comment to what extent you've done anything different to be incrementally conservative in terms of developing your Q3 forecast, relative to what we've seen over the last few quarters? And then for Andy, on the new buyback authorization, I was hoping to understand how aggressively you plan to be, and perhaps you can touch upon how you're thinking about M&A, and to what extent we should be expecting some activity during the second half of the year, as you look to bolster some of your security capabilities. Thanks.
John McAdam - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: On the first question, I mean obviously, we're trying to be appropriately conservative, and I think we're managing that. Probably I'm going to take one thing that we're very aware of when we're looking at the forecast at the moment is the fact we've been through product transition, both good and bad. I mean 100-gig, we can see some upside, and we need to be careful about any (46:58) so we're taking a conservative view in that. That's the main areas. And then, the real stuff, which is just crossing the Is and – sorry, dotting the Is and crossing the Ts in terms of the core business looking at forecast, making sure we do face-to-face QVRs, that type of thing. Excuse me.
Andrew Reinland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And then, on the buyback authorization, really that's the board teeing it up. We'll continue with our routine of every board meeting reviewing it. I think you've seen over the last couple of quarters it's actually gotten a bit more aggressive, just relative to share price being down and us setting up a 10b5-1 that has trigger points. Do I think we're going to get more aggressive? We'll have to see on that. That's a board decision, but we like the cadence that we're at right now. As far as M&A goes, we continue to look, I would characterize it, pretty aggressively in the areas of security and telco for opportunities that we think fit, but we wouldn't comment much more than that.
Jess Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Could you maybe just comment on deal size that you'd be looking at? Should we be expecting mostly smaller deals or would you be willing to go a little bit further out on the risk spectrum?
Andrew Reinland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, I think last quarter, we talked about widening the lens, which I think implies that we would look at bigger deals relative to maybe what you've seen us do. But again, it's going to be something that we look at very critically, because we understand the risk of that as well and we're going to look for those opportunities that are the right fit, both strategically and culturally that we think can really drive the company forward. So I'm very focused on that outcome.
Jess Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks, guys.
John McAdam - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
John Eldridge - Director, Investor Relations: Hello. Just one more question.
Operator: Yes. Our last question is from Paul Silverstein with Cowen & Company. Your line is now open.
Paul Silverstein - Cowen & Co. LLC: Awesome. I want to thank you for calling me last, so I can ask multiple questions.
John McAdam - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: (49:09)
Paul Silverstein - Cowen & Co. LLC: On a serious note, John, Andy, can you – couple of things. One, can you offer us any color on the cloud wins? Obviously, there's been a lot of concern among the investment community about your position relative to the cloud, Amazon, in particular, but the cloud in general. You referenced – I believe you referenced two wins in your prepared remarks, any additional color? And around that, I recognize you've been rejiggering your portfolio to optimize your cloud offerings to streamline in to get the right price points. Can you update us on where you are, how much more you need to do to get to where you want and need to be? And then a quick question for Andy. Andy, historically, in virtual editions, I think you referenced the fact that ESPs, you used to say they were 80% of the price point on hardware. I think more recently, you've referenced them as being comparable, but I think you've always said the net income impact was a wash. I'm hoping you could update us. And one final question if I may; I know there are a number here. But John, on the linearity issue and your comments about enterprise demand, we had Ixia recently note that there was a – they saw a meaningful downtick in the month or March from a number of comm equipment suppliers. They didn't name them, obviously, but – and then in your comments, if I understood you correctly, the quarter started off slow coming out of last quarter, in January and February, and there was a pickup in March. And I'm just wondering if you could shed any more light in terms of the pattern as it speaks to forward business.
John McAdam - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. On the linearity, there wasn't a massive change from the norm. But what we did see about that and I commented on was that we felt better about the visibility in March. In other words, by visibility what I'm talking about is we look at – we're looking at the pipeline and mainly the forecasted deals for that quarter and the visibility of that improved quite radically over the previous two quarters, we felt. That's a combination, probably of macro, but also of good sales management, to make sure that we know what's going on, and that's important to us. So I wouldn't put too much on the linearity thing, because it wasn't widely different from what we'd expect. It was a little bit soft in January/February, and we were a bit worried about the visibility. In other words, we felt we'd do a lot better and we didn't. We thought we'd do a lot better and we didn't, but we came to March and we felt that visibility was excellent. So that's – I'm trying to think – yeah, on the AWS and the cloud and that question, I mean I realize there's a lot of concern and we discussed this stuff a lot internally. But when we look at the installed base and the customers and the opportunities, we see a lot with things like our WAF product, our APM product. I actually gave three examples, in fact, of that type of thing. So there are definitely opportunities there as well. But we've seen new business opportunities, where fairly big companies where we had no presence and we managed to get into that company via AWS marketplace, interestingly enough. And obviously, we feel good about the whole hybrid side of things, especially we're going to be more and more focused on orchestration and areas like that. Having said all that, I do still think that it's been causing delay in spending overall. We also see some partnership opportunities with companies like Microsoft and Amazon on AWS, in terms of working with them on enterprise customers. And we had one very good example of that, that I mentioned, the banking company. Well, that was an example of a partnership. Yeah. So I think it's early days. I mean it's not that we – we don't look at the pipeline right now and say, oh, my God, this is shrinking because of Amazon. We don't see that or because of the public cloud. There's no doubt in my mind, we probably don't get some business we would've got before, of a start-up company that was slated to the public cloud, and maybe just instead of buying equipment, just rent some software. That software could well be ours, but it's not critical yet. The major concern it gives us right now is, is it causing delays and then, from an opportunity perspective, how can we maximize our product on those public clouds and by partnering with the cloud vendors?
Andrew Reinland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And then, Paul, you were asking about the virtual editions on the pricing. And essentially, at our entry-level hardware systems, you do see parity on the gross margin dollar still. So it's not quite the same price-wise, but it's equivalent on the gross margin dollars. And we're still seeing that the deal sizes aren't necessarily smaller, because usually, when they're buying virtual editions, they're deploying them on a more horizontal type of architecture, and so, they need more versions of it. So we're still in that kind of position. Some of the things I'd highlight though was we're looking at new licensing models, specifically for the cloud. So bring your own license, where you can take the VE and move it as you want to. Enterprise license agreements, if they want a license in large scale, we'll do an enterprise license agreement. And I think where we're coming out with a 40 gig VE in an NFV environment, you may see that as well, where we do a lot of larger enterprise-type license agreements, and then, we'll see how that works out at discounting. And then, we do offer, on a utility basis, on AWS, the ability to pull out your credit card and license our virtual editions. So we'll continue to be looking at those business models, to evolve them to the needs of our customers.
Paul Silverstein - Cowen & Co. LLC: Andy, do you have a number for what virtual edition was as a percentage of revenue?
Andrew Reinland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: John, in his comments, said overall software is more of a third of our sales, but we don't get much more detail than that.
Paul Silverstein - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
John McAdam - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay, thank you.
John Eldridge - Director, Investor Relations: Okay. Thank you, Sam, and thank you, all for joining us for this call. We look forward to seeing many of you at some of the investor events we'll be attending this quarter.
Operator: Thank you, speakers. And this does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for joining. All parties may disconnect at this time.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-01-20 16:30:00) =====
Executives: John Eldridge - ‎Director of Investor Relations Andy Reinland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer Julian Eames - Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer Karl Triebes - Executive Vice President of Product Development and Chief Technical Officer John DiLullo - Executive Vice President of Worldwide Sales
Analysts: James Faucette - Morgan Stanley Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Mark Moskowitz - Barclays Catharine Trebnick - Dougherty & Co Rohit Chopra - Buckingham Research Group Mark Kelleher - D.A. Davidson Paul Silverstein - Cowen & Company George Notter - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Jeffrey Kvaal - Nomura Securities International Brent Bracelin - Pacific Crest Securities
Operator: Good afternoon. And welcome to the F5 Networks First Quarter and Fiscal 2016 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion. Also, today’s conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections please disconnect at this time. I’d now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Eldridge: Thank you, Sam. Welcome to our conference call for the first quarter of fiscal 2016. John McAdam, President and CEO; and Andy Reinland, Executive VP and CFO will be the speakers on today’s call. Other members of our executive team are also on hand to answer questions following John and Andy’s prepared comments. If you have any follow-up questions after the call, please direct them to me at 206-272-6571. A copy of today’s press release is available on our website, at F5.com. In addition, you can access an archived version of today’s live webcast from the events calendar page of our website through April 20, from 4:30 PM today until midnight Pacific Time, January 20. You can also listen to a telephone replay at 888-562-6109 or 203-369-3766. During today’s call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements that include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our quarterly release and described in our detail on our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Andy Reinland.
Andy Reinland: Thank you, John. In the context of our Q1 seasonality, F5 achieved solid revenue results in line with our expectations. Revenue of $489.5 million was at the top of our guided range of $480 million to $490 million, up 6% from the first quarter of fiscal 2015. As a result of both disciplined operational management and the benefit from the reinstatement of the R&D tax credit, we achieved GAAP EPS of $1.28 per share, well above our guidance of $1.13 to $1.16; and non-GAAP EPS of $1.73 per share, also well above our guidance of $1.58 to $1.61. Product revenue of $234.7 million in the first quarter was down 2.6% year-over-year and accounted for 48% of total revenue. Service revenue of $254.8 million grew 14.9% year over year and represented 52% of total revenue. Accounting for 55% of the total, revenue from the Americas was up 3.8% from the first quarter of fiscal 2015. EMEA, which represented 26% of revenue, grew 9.3% from the first quarter of last year. APAC accounted for 15% of revenue and grew 7.5% year over year. And Japan revenue, representing 5% of total, grew 4.3% from a year ago. Sales to enterprise customers represented 62% of total sales during the quarter. Service providers accounted for 23% and government sales were 14%, including 5% of total sales from U.S. federal. In Q1, we had four greater than 10% distributors: Westcon, which represented 19.7% of total revenue; Ingram Micro, which accounted for 14.6%; Avnet, representing 13.9%; and Arrow, which accounted for 11%. Our GAAP gross margin in Q1 was 82.5%. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 83.9%. GAAP operating expenses of $272.9 million were within our target range of $268 million to $277 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $238.3 million. GAAP operating margin was 26.8%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 35.3%. Reflecting the one-time benefit from the retroactive reinstatement of the Federal R&D tax credit, our GAAP effective tax rate for Q1 was 32.1%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 30.6%. Turning to the balance sheet, cash flow from operations was a record $203.9 million. In Q1, we repurchased just under 1.9 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $105.94 for a total of $200 million, ending the quarter with approximately $1.175 billion in cash and investments. DSO at the end of Q1 was 51 days. Inventories were $33.6 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $13.3 million. Deferred revenue increased 23% year over year to $837.5 million. We ended the quarter with approximately 4,275 employees, an increase of 95 from the prior quarter. Moving on to our Q2 outlook, with an increasingly uncertain macro-environment, we believe it is prudent to take a conservative approach to our outlook for the current quarter. Our revenue target for the second quarter is $480 million to $490 million. GAAP gross margin is anticipated to be at or around 82.5% including approximately $4 million of stock-based compensation expense and $2.7 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. Non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be at or around 84%. For Q2, we anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of $272 million to $281 million including approximately $38 million of stock-based compensation expense and $0.8 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. We are forecasting a GAAP effective tax rate of 36.5% and the non-GAAP effective tax rate of 34%. Our GAAP EPS target is $1.13 to $1.16 per share. Our non-GAAP EPS target is $1.61 to $1.64 per share. We plan to increase our headcount by at least 50 employees in the current quarter. And we believe our cash flow from operations will be greater than $125 million reflecting the impact of two federal tax payments that we normally incur during our fiscal second quarter. We remain confident in the competitive strength of our product portfolio, our expanding footprint in security and our strategic position for the emerging cloud opportunity. We expect that these factors combined with improving sales execution, our upcoming new product introductions and platform refreshes will enable us to re-accelerate our top-line growth in the back-half of fiscal 2016 and beyond. With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
John McAdam: Thanks, Andy, and good afternoon, everyone. I was very pleased with the F5 team’s performance in our first quarter of fiscal 2016. We delivered year-over-year revenue growth of 6% with strong profitability and operating margins resulting in an all-time high cash flow from operations above $200 million. From a sales perspective EMEA, Japan and our Asia-Pacific region all delivered year over year sales bookings growth. EMEA and Asia both delivered record-high sales bookings. Sales bookings in our Americas region were down year over year in Q1, as we experienced delays in closing several forecasted transactions in the U.S., especially towards the end of the quarter. However, I was pleased to see that sales transactions above $1 million remain solid in the Americas during the quarter. Our services business continues to deliver strong results and excellent profitability along with a healthy sequential 7% increase in deferred revenue. Overall, deferred revenue grew 23% year over year in the quarter, which should bode well for future business. Our Good, Better, Best pricing models continues to be a significant percentage of our overall product revenues. Customer adoption of the Best category remains very strong and in Q1 we continue to see year-over-year growth in sales across all regions with the highest GBB growth coming from our EMEA and the APAC customers. I was also encouraged by our software revenue in the quarter. We continue to see more than one-third of product revenue coming from software sales driven by security module sales, GBB and software-only VE solutions. We had several wins in the quarter where customers are deploying our APM security module to ensure access security for their applications that have migrated into the public cloud environments. With the option to bring your own license or rent utility licenses by the hour, we offer flexible application services in the public clouds to some of our largest existing enterprise customers as well as new smaller companies who have never used F5 before. Security continues to be the key growth driver of our business. Million-dollar-plus security deals grew year over year in size and volume in Q1 with EMEA delivering a record quarter in security sales. Deal volume for Silverline our cloud-based subscription DDOS and WAF security services was up by double digits quarter over quarter and new bookings were up significantly year over year. We’re also starting to see business opportunities for Silverline services across all global regions with wins in EMEA and APAC this quarter. Our Silverline cloud-based subscription is clearly in the early stages of adoption and the revenue numbers are still relatively modest. However, we believe there are real growth opportunities for Silverline subscription services. And we will continue to invest in this opportunity by adding inside sales resources and offering more solutions to the Silverline portfolio. The security team continues to innovate and add significant malware detection capabilities to protect against threats like remote access Trojans, cross-site scripting attacks and phishing attacks. In Q1, we had some good wins with our WebSafe product, including two notable marquee wins in the banking vertical. Our clientless solution continues to interest enterprise security buyers, and recent attacks such as the pervasive Dyre malware phishing scheme has received much attention. We detect and inoculate against this type of threat without declining customers to deploy client-based applications, and without requiring them to modify their existing applications. As a result, a much lower cost and faster time to benefit. Cisco ACE replacements continue to be an important source of product revenue in the quarter with some large million-dollar-plus wins. The program also continues to boost our channel with over a quarter of the deals driven by our partners in Q1. As far as the outlook is concerned, Andy indicated that we expect to deliver revenue in the range of $480 million to $490 million this quarter. In the context of several global macro-economic issues, we delivered solid financial results in Q1. But as we stated last quarter, we believe it is prudent to remain cautious in the short-term. As I analyzed our business and growth prospects, I have absolute confidence in our strategy to meet the current and future demands of the market. We are focused on expanding our core ADC and cloud solutions to increase the size of our market in the areas like SSL inspection as well as capturing hybrid and public cloud opportunities. In security, we will extend our focus on areas like the Gi Firewall application protection, and identity and access management. We will continue to grow and expand our Silverline platform and subscription revenue. We will increase our vertical focus in the service provider market and drive repeatability with our Gi Firewall, Gi run services, NFV solutions, and take advantage of our scalability and performance leadership with products like the new 100-gig blade edition to the VIPRION chassis. We will continue to improve customer experience by delivering comprehensive management solutions with our BIG-IQ management and orchestration platform. We will leverage our strong partner ecosystem with leading vendors such as Cisco, HP, Microsoft and VMware, and areas like SDN as well as OpenStack environments. Finally, we will leverage our global services organizations to drive product revenue sales while delivering world-class profitability and world-class customer satisfaction. We have no shortage of business drivers for the second-half of fiscal 2016. Our road-map includes several new additions to our system and appliance range of products as well as significant software deliverables designed to increase our addressable market. We have the following deliverables currently targeted for next quarter. We have a new high performance FIPS appliance based in the BIG-IP 10000 series appliances. It uses next generation technology, enabling an eight times improvement in the SSL performance of existing solutions. This product is designed to address core requirements in the financial services market. We are targeting the release of a new high performance 100-gig blade for the high-end VIPRION series platforms next quarter. This new VIPRION includes a 100-gig interfaces and more than doubles the performance of the existing cards to enable the first-ever terabit class ADC in the market. The new blade runs all TMOS modules and is targeted at system providers, applications including Gi Firewall, Carrier-Grade NAT and intelligent traffic steering. We have already seen strong interest from the tier 1 service providers for the 100-gig product. And we are currently testing in tier 1 customer environments. We will be delivering F5’s next generation iRules called iRulesLX. iRulesLX allows for users to leverage node.js libraries to provide new functionality addressing the needs of the DevOps market as well as customer applications that need customization and programmability. iRulesLX is based in the LineRate technology and is now fully integrated into TMOS. We also plan to introduce iAppsLX which allows for easy programming of specific use-cases for application services, leveraging the broadly used web application programming language JavaScript. iAppsLX also significantly enhances the F5 orchestration and SDN products, as it allows these use-cases to be dynamically published via BIG-IQ and to the various SDN controllers such as Cisco APIC, VMware NSX and OpenStack. This is a really unique feature, which should give F5 a clear advantage with our SDN partners. We plan to release our web application firewall in Azure this quarter - sorry, next quarter. This will be available as part of the Azure service catalog and leverages iAppsLX to significantly simplify WAF services management in the Azure public cloud. We plan to release 5.0 of BIG-IQ next quarter. We have already made significant improvements in the scalability of BIG-IQ in terms of managing hundreds of thousands of users. Release 5 now includes centralized management for all security products including APM, ASM, AFM, Gi Firewall and WebSafe Anti-Fraud. It adds new device management capabilities, ADC management and application analytics. Starting next quarter, we plan to extend our product portfolio by adding purpose-built security products which will address new markets. The initial releases will include an SSL Intercept and an SSL Air Gap solution, followed by a standalone DDoS solution with new behavioral and threat intelligence capabilities in Q4. In addition to the product deliverables I have discussed for Q3, we have the following product deliverables targeted for Q4. A comprehensive appliance refresh will start this summer, replacing all current appliances before the end of the calendar year. The new appliances known internally as the Shuttle [ph] series significantly improve price-performance and will include our FPGA based architecture, allowing for all software modules including vCMP to run across the entire product lineup. Furthermore, during fiscal year 2017, we will enhance the Shuttle series to offer new hybrid capabilities and hardware that allow for seamless connectivity between the datacenter, private cloud and the various F5 supported public clouds. We are also working hard to release a 40-gig capable version of our software VE solution to support NFV applications for service providers and high-end enterprises. We plan to show a demo of this at Mobile World Congress in February, with the production release at the end of the fiscal year. We partnered very closely with Intel in this development and showed an early version last year at the Intel Developer Forum. I continue to believe that F5 is in a really strong position to take advantage of industry trends and customer requirements. Our hybrid application services strategy resonates well with existing and prospective customers. Our hybrid application services strategy was reinforced by a recent survey we did of over 3,000 global customers. 10 or more application services are used by well over half of the respondents, who recognize that slow unresponsive and unsecured applications can have a substantial negative impact in their business. In addition, the vast majority of these respondents indicated the plan to implement hybrid cloud architectures in the future, which clearly endorses the F5 hybrid cloud strategy. This strategy is in place and our focus is on execution of the strategy with an absolute priority in delivering product revenue growth. I summarized several business drivers which will be available in the second-half of fiscal 2016 and we have every intention of taking advantage of these business growth drivers. In conclusion, I’d like to thank the entire F5 team, our partners, and the customers for their support last quarter. And with that, we’ll hand the call over for Q&A. We’re ready for Q&A.
John Eldridge: Sam, Q&A.
Operator: Oh, thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]
John McAdam: Hello.
Operator: Our first question is from James of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
James Faucette: Thank you very much. I had two quick questions. First, when you talk about an acceleration in growth that you’re anticipating for the second-half of the year as particularly new products start to roll out et cetera, are you anticipating that that will be evident on the total revenue line or are we talking about just a reacceleration in the product revenue? And then, on the most recent quarter, we saw a significant uptick in services and deferred revenue. I’m wondering if you can give us a little bit more color as to what that may be attributable to. Is this security products, Silverline virtual editions or something else? Thank you very much.
John McAdam: Okay. This is John in the first one. Then I’ll hand over to Julian to talk about services. No, our absolute focus is on product revenue growth. But by definition that will grow the overall revenue. I mean, you’ve seen the success we have in the service business with the deferred revenue. So we feel really good with that and the visibility of that revenue moving forward and Julian can again comment on that. It’s all about product revenue growth and clearly these business drivers. We’re absolutely very, very focused in delivering them, and so that we’ll get our product revenue growth, and then will give us total top-line growth.
Julian Eames: And then on the services side, the growth is purely in maintenance services revenue and in professional services consulting revenue, which has grown across the globe, mainly as we’ve expanded working with partners. Pieces like Silverline and subscription are not included in that services number at all.
John McAdam: And one other thing, Julian, you might want to comment, I was impressed by the QBR, was that on the consultancy how much we’re doing remotely.
Julian Eames: Indeed, if you look back over the last 18 months, we - gross margins for services has improved as we’ve improved the delivery of consulting through remote delivery, which is around 60% of all the consulting we now deliver.
James Faucette: Great. Thank you very much.
John McAdam: Thank you.
Julian Eames: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Simona with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Simona Jankowski: Hi, thank you very much. I just wanted to get a little bit more color on the guidance, which was a little bit conservative. Was that just you are reacting to some of the macro headlines and what’s seen in the markets here? Or is that in response to any actual slowdown in purchasing behavior from your customers? And maybe, you can just comment on any potential influence you think you might see in this quarter as a result of the upcoming product introductions. In other words, might there be a slowdown as customers are waiting for the new products?
John McAdam: Yes, so on the first question, I mean, obviously, we’re looking at macro and we did take account of that, no question. We did see and I said in my script, we saw some slowdown on forecasted deals that happened towards the end - especially in Americas towards the end of the quarter. And we took that to some degree into account. So it’s a combination of all of the above. And we had the whole of sales management. John DiLullo had his team over and we had meetings, significant meetings last week. And we did our usual thing. We think we’re being cautious. We hope we’re being cautious. And yes, we did take the macro into account.
Simona Jankowski: And did you discern any difference in demand by vertical in terms of your end-demand verticals?
John McAdam: Not really. If you look at the verticals, the split of verticals, it was pretty similar to what we normally see. And it was pretty similar to in terms of performance within the geographies as well, so not really. And then, you asked the question as well, sorry, about the new products coming. Obviously, you check that and that’s something we’ll look at. I don’t think - we’ve taken that into account. We don’t think we’ll see that. We have seen a big interest in the 100-gig product from the service provider. But having said that, we feel it was reasonably a good pipeline of existing business in the service provider pipeline anyway.
Simona Jankowski: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mark with Barclays. Please go ahead with your question.
Mark Moskowitz: Yes, thank you. Good afternoon. A couple of questions, I wondered if you could drill a little deeper into what was going on with the slowdown in the forecasted sales in the U.S. Can you talk a little about those drivers, and maybe even quantify the revenue that slipped maybe into the current quarter and how much that revenue is?
John McAdam: No. Okay. Well, I mean, basically, very straightforward, I mean, the sales force believed that we’re going to get some closed deals and they didn’t happen. And they can happen for all sorts of reasons. It could be the CFO stopping at the last minute. It could be optimism from the sales force. I mean, these things happen and you try and take account of that. Nothing - in terms of talking about metrics, remember we did right at top of our range at - in terms of last quarter from the revenue perspective, so clearly any small number of deals above that is a very, very good thing to have. But we’re not talking about massive amounts of slowdown, but, yes. I mean, when you are at the top of the range and you could go over and you see some slow deals, they’re all important.
Mark Moskowitz: Okay. And then, as we think about the second-half of this year, with respect to the vertical mix, is there any one mix that you’re more dependent on in terms of these new products really taking off and achieving some good adoption right out of the gate, or is it more balanced across enterprise and service provider and government?
John McAdam: Yes. I think it is pretty balanced personally. Anybody else can chip into this, but I think it’s quite balanced. I mean, I’ll out - there is one or two obvious things at the 100-gig board, right. That’s clearly service providers mainly. But the big drivers of that remains security. The product refresh is across the board. We did mention a FIPS solution for finance. But I don’t think that will change the dynamics of the verticals. So not really, no, I don’t see that. It’s more horizontal.
Mark Moskowitz: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Catharine with Dougherty. Your line is now open.
Catharine Trebnick: Oh, thank you for taking my question. Could you talk a little bit, John, on your service provider market and how that’s doing? Two years ago it was - opportunity seem to be with Traffix. The commentary seems to be around security, Gi Firewall.
John McAdam: Yes.
Catharine Trebnick: Just a little insight on what you are seeing there in the carrier environment. Thank you.
John McAdam: That’s true. And the traffic sales have been reasonable, still low numbers to be frank, but reasonable over the last couple of quarters. We’ve got lot of customer base. But, no, the thing that gets us excited at the moment, I mean, the Gi Firewall has done very well. When I retire - I talked a number of times about the Gi Firewall sales in the tier 1 in U.S. The good news is we’re starting to see that globally now with sales in EMEA and sales in Asia and at Asia-Japan as well. So we feel very good about that security in general. NFV, NFV is another big area for us. We think we got a great position there with NFV. We talked about where we’re - we’re looking to get a leading performance of 10-gig up to 40-gig. That will make a big difference in NFV. So, yes, they are the hot buttons for us right now.
Catharine Trebnick: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Rohit with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Rohit Chopra: Thanks. I had a couple of questions for you, John. First one, if you could, talk a little bit more about the competitive environment. Just want to get a sense of what you’re seeing in the traditional ADC market and from traditional vendors, but also cloud vendors. And then, could you also address what you’re seeing in the security marketplace, the competition that you’re facing there? The second question was on the standalone security products. I just want to get a sense, is that a response to customers demanding something from you, something new from you or is it more of a defensive move to better compete with products from other vendors?
John McAdam: Okay. I’m going to - I’ll go to Karl.
Rohit Chopra: [Indiscernible] and et cetera.
John McAdam: I’m going to pass this over to Karl. He’s going to do this as in a Scottish accent.
Karl Triebes: Hey, Rohit, this is Karl. Hey, let me address the second question first on these kind of purpose-built security offerings, because one of the challenges we’ve had with our current offering which addresses some significant security issues out there both with anti-fraud and web application security as well, just network-level security, is that that as it’s included in on the ADC platform it tends to be targeted more towards the network buying centers versus the security buying centers, even though we do get good access to those. And what we wanted to do was to take our functionality, help differentiate that by essentially packaging it ways that’s more consumable by these centers. And so for example DDoS, we provide comprehensive DDoS solution both for on-premises as well as in Silverline. And we now connect these, but we want to make it easier now for someone then to take that on-prem solution, configure it and get the benefits of that, without having to do the full ADC configuration. Same thing for things like SSL Air Gap and in our for proxy services, that we see that these things are difficult to configure sometimes when you start looking at the full sphere of what an ADC does and want to make that easier to consume and target these applications. There are other ones we would like to be able to do that with. And we want to increase the value of this by including like analytics and other things that that we can differentiate say from our Good, Better, Best offering. So it just allows us more precise Better targeting. It also allows us to contrast and differentiate this against existing solutions in the market versus trying to have this larger conversation around ADC level security. So it’s really more just being able to build on top of what we’ve already done, but differentiate it with the platform. In terms of the first question on competition, we haven’t really seen a big change there in terms of our traditional competitors. Citrix is still kind of sitting in there. We didn’t see any real change in terms of loss wins or anything like that. In fact, in the field we generally hear that they’ve - the competitiveness is down. They are same with Atenants [ph] and the other smaller competitors; they pop up here and there. They mainly still compete on price and then lower functionality, and then make target-specific counts. But in general, broadly, we haven’t really seen any changes there. And there is kind of the next generation of these kinds of cloud-based ones that are coming up here and there. Really haven’t seen much there, some noise out in the market little bit here and there that we see. But in terms of like account wins, there’s been a number of large customer accounts within where we’ve actually seen them pop up and then leave. We’ve been able to win those. So it hasn’t been a real change for us in terms of business. Obviously, with cloud, Amazon for example, they have a very low-end load balancer that they use to provide very basic services. But Amazon is a big partner of ours and we do quite a bit of business with providing insertion of our products into their cloud, so same with - or same with Microsoft Azure. So with the cloud there is opportunities and small threats, but quite frankly we don’t see any different the environment that we’ve seen in the past.
Rohit Chopra: Thanks, Karl.
John DiLullo: Yes. This is John DiLullo. I would just add that we did have a lot of energy in the competitive trade-out space, in particular some of the legacy environments versus the greenfield. So it’s a very good quarter for that.
Rohit Chopra: Thanks, John.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mark with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead with your question.
Mark Kelleher: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. Could you tell us what percent of product revenue is subscription? What part of that is coming in from cloud and Silverline? And is that creating a headwind or do you anticipate that to create a headwind as buying pattern shift?
Andy Reinland: Yes. So we actually don’t disclose it. It’s still, as John said in his script early days, that we like the traction that we are seeing, we like the customers that we’re winning and expect that to continue. In terms of providing headwinds, I’m not sure what you mean by that. Do we think it displaces appliances? No, we don’t. We think it’s complementary to our current offerings and actually it is part of our differentiation.
Mark Kelleher: So when the customer purchases something that is the subscription base, you don’t see that as detracting from current sales in the current quarter.
John McAdam: No, no. Especially if you look at the DDoS wins, a lot of them we never heard of the customers and maybe had an emergency and allows us to actually get into new customers. And that’s one of the reasons we say. We’re really going to pump up the resources in Silverline, because we think we’re going to be a winner there with - in terms of inside sales specifically and obviously more resources in the portfolio as well as we have increased - we’ve put quite a lot of investment into the datacenters globally.
Mark Kelleher: Okay. Can you just talk about the ACE replacement market where that is - are we losing steam in that? Is that kind of playing itself up?
John McAdam: Yes. I mentioned in my opening remarks that, yes, it’s still a pretty material number in terms of millions-of-dollars that we’re booking there. And we saw some nice new big ones as well, but in truth, if you look at it from a year-over-year perspective it certainly doesn’t have the tailwind that did at last year and the previous years. But it’s still an important part of our business. The other side of it, not to lose sight of is, because we don’t count at this when we talk of ACE replacements, but when we win say a Fortune 50 company, we’ve done a few of those because of ACE, we get more and more business like security. We don’t actually call that ACE replacements moving forward. So it’s being great for us. It’s not the tailwind that it was last year having said that.
Mark Kelleher: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead with your question.
Paul Silverstein: Thanks. John, and if this was asked and answered, I apologize. But relative to your comment about record bookings in AsiaPac and EMEA, if I heard you correctly, and then on the guidance, would you characterize this conservative? And we all recognize the macro factor up, but I guess my question is, given the strength in bookings abroad, but not in the U.S. little bit counterintuitive to me, how much - it feels like that guidance is incorporating an element of conservatism given the bookings numbers. But, I guess, I’m trying to - I’m really trying to understand what you’re seeing in terms of in-demand as its developing?
John McAdam: Yes, yes. No, and I hope it’s got a lot of conservatism, because that’s what it should have I think in this environment. Now, first of all it’s not abnormal for EMEA to have a very strong sales quarter at the end of a calendar year. It’s happened in the past. Having said that, they tend to have a tougher next quarter, this current quarter that we’re in and we’ve taken account of that. APAC, we’ve seen a lot of changes in APAC. We have put new management in there over a year ago. He is doing a tremendous job and we’re really - we come to see the benefits of that. So that wasn’t that surprising either. In terms of Americas, one of the things we did see and we haven’t seen this yet, but we did see that from a vertical perspective that service provider was pretty strong. We did see a little bit of the drop in Americas. We actually feel better about that this current quarter as well, so no real big trend to latch onto.
Paul Silverstein: But, John, on the Americas piece where you saw weakness, how much of that was the pause in those large deals, the delays, and how much of it was broader in terms of just a downturn in demand?
John McAdam: I would call it more of a pause. We actually we - we’re reasonably confident moving into these closing stages. And obviously that confidence was misplaced in Americas, but, no, I didn’t - it was more of a pause at the end. And then, what we have done? We just checked actually today. We’ve basically seen a number of those deals that didn’t close, actually closed already.
Paul Silverstein: All right. Thank you. I appreciate it.
John McAdam: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from George with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
George Notter: Hi, guys. Thanks very much. I guess, I wanted to go back to the deferred revenue growth, 23% year on year. And obviously, that number is going up quite a bit faster than - now either product sales also declining or services which are, I guess, mid-teens in terms of year on year. And I would imagine some of the deferred revenue - our performances is - maybe Silverline certainly maybe more longer term services contracts. But can you give us a sense, again, why the diversion and what are the big contributors to that deferred revenue growth relative to the other metrics? Thanks.
John McAdam: So on the deferred revenue balance, the first statement to make is Silverline is not in that at all. So that’s a completely separate balances in the product number, not in the services piece. The reason for the services deferred acceleration versus the revenue is, yes, you’re right, some of it is - support contracts are taking out for year-two and year-three. And we saw some of that in the BRIC countries, where they try and do guarantee the price out into the second and third year. So, Brazil actually was quite strong for us there. And then the other piece is our consulting revenue has grown, but the consulting bookings have grown fast as we’ve sold more consultants for a year at a time which you cannot obviously take the revenue in the short-term.
George Notter: Got it, okay. Great. That helps. And then, just separately I wanted to ask about the share repurchase this quarter. It looks like you bumped it up to $200 million. It had been $150 million a quarter. Maybe, I guess I’m kind of wondering what’s going on there. Thanks a lot.
Andy Reinland: I’m sorry. I missed the question.
John McAdam: Share repurchase [indiscernible].
Andy Reinland: Yes. When the board decides to move forward with the share repurchase we put it against the 10b5-1 plan that has tiering for different pricing levels and we saw that kick in.
George Notter: Great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question…
John Eldridge: Excuse me, Sam. This is John Eldridge. We’re going to take two more callers and then call quits.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. And our next question is from Jeff with Nomura. Please state your - or please go ahead with your question.
Jeffrey Kvaal: Thanks very much for taking the question. I appreciate that. I have one question for you, John, and then, Andy, one for you. I think for John, could you help us in maybe feel for any sub-seasonal - should we worry about sub-seasonal revenue growth ahead of these product transitions over the next several quarters or do you feel that your pipeline is efficient and full enough that seasonal is a prudent way to go, to the extent that you can comment on that, of course?
John McAdam: Oh, yes. And obviously, you have to be very careful about that. If you look at the time, a few years ago or three years ago I think it was when we did the last product refresh, we did it. We frankly took a year to do the refresh. And I think we paid for that. And we will not take a year this year. We will do it quicker. But when we look at the pipeline, we don’t - we think we’re okay. We think we’re going to manage through that quite well. And obviously, we will start most of the - a lot of the new products is next quarter. And some of them are on different areas, brand new areas, so that we should be safe with that. And then, the larger product refresh we see happening in this sort of Q4 time scales, and again I think we’ll manage through that.
Jeffrey Kvaal: Okay. And then, my question for you Andy is, you look like you are adding about 50 employees in the March quarter, which if we go back historically that seems in the low end of the range or be even below the low end of the range for you. Can you talk a little bit about what’s happening there? And then, should we be expecting you to pick that up? I’m wondering if there is a change in view on how you’re managing your OpEx and your margin structure over time. Thanks.
Andy Reinland: Yes, there’s no change in how we’re managing. And I said at least 50, meaning it could be higher. We’re just going to balance that as we watch the quarter roll out, but directly ties to our guidance. So we brought on 95 last quarter; we’re absorbing them this quarter. And with our guidance and wanting to hit our targets that we put out there, 50 is the right number to start with.
Jeffrey Kvaal: Okay. All right. Thank you both very much.
John McAdam: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question is from Brent with Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
Brent Bracelin: Thanks for squeezing me in. And, John, welcome back. Two questions, if I could. I guess, one, strategically you’ve lived through several cycles and if we think about kind of the next cycle in the next kind of - but your philosophy on what you do with a-billion-plus in cash investments; cash flow remains very strong; really good margin structure. As you think about kind of the current environment and certainly we’re in, do you have a change relative to your appetite to maybe get more aggressive with the buyback, more aggressive with acquisitions, any change in your strategic positioning around being a bigger company with bigger cash flows and your appetite to invoke change more, one? And then, I have one follow-up.
John McAdam: Yes, okay. I wouldn’t see a change. I mean, so I don’t see as - I think you still see the conservatism that we’ve hopefully always had in the M&A space. Frankly, evaluations look a little bit better these days, which is good-news/bad-news; but that they do. We may broaden the lens somewhat. Obviously, we’re very, very interested in increasing our security business and that may be an area. But we will be conservative, but we are getting bigger. And, yes, so, I’m saying we’re not changing, but the company is getting bigger. So to some degree we may look at some other stuff that we wouldn’t have looked at five years ago.
Brent Bracelin: Very helpful. Then my last question really is around kind of the logic behind the announcement here on the call that you’re kind of looking at purpose-built appliances. And the reason why I ask, it is a little bit of a departure from the past, historically obviously. And if you look at the fastest-growing parts of the business, it’s kind of software-only; it’s add-on security modules on top of the BIG-IP. Now, you’re talking about kind of coming out with purpose-built appliances. So, I guess, one, kind of why now? And, two, how encompassing will you have a purpose-built appliance portfolio?
John McAdam: Oh, yes. So this isn’t a move to purpose-built appliances in general. I mean, we - it’s not that. However, we see some real opportunities with things like SSL Intercept with SSL Air Gap with specific DDoS behavior analysis type capability. We just - we see opportunities. And, I mean, it’s catalog-only for this. But it’s a fairly easy technology roadmap to move forward to. So we’re going to take advantage of that. It’s not that we’re - we sat back and said, oh, my goodness, we need to move away from our TMOS platform approach to special. But we haven’t done that at all. In fact, if you look at what we’re doing with that we were building VIPRION with 100-gig, it’s almost the opposite in the other side. And then, when you look at the overall refreshes, they are very much in the same vein as have been before.
Brent Bracelin: Perfect.
Karl Triebes: Yes, I mean, the big push there - Brent, this is Karl - is really to target the buying centers, the security buying centers with it. So it’s not the - not, we’re not killing off TMOS. This is all still a part of that. But it’s to have more application-specific implementations that are easy to deploy. And we’re leveraging iApps and other technologies to kind of help create that packaging to make it easier to get in there, so that they can realize the full value of it, because quite frankly a lot of times some of the security functions would get buried kind of in the mass quantity of ADC features and functions we provide. We’re going to make sure that’s very obvious and easy to go take the market.
John Eldridge: Okay. Thank you very much.
Brent Bracelin: [Indiscernible] thanks so much.
Karl Triebes: Thank you.
John Eldridge: Thank you very much for joining us. And we look forward to the prospect of seeing many of you in the conference circuit and at Mobile World Congress during the coming quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, speakers. And this does conclude today’s call. Thank you for joining. All parties may disconnect at this time.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-10-28 16:30:00) =====
Executives: John Eldridge - Director, IR Andy Reinland - EVP & CFO Manny Rivelo - President & CEO Karl Triebes - EVP Product Development & CTO
Analysts: Jim Suva - Citigroup Pierre Ferragu - Bernstein Ryan Hutchinson - Guggenheim Securities Brian White - Cantor Fitzgerald Alex Kurtz - Sterne, Agee & Leach Erik Suppiger - JMP Securities Tal Liani - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird Tim Long - BMO Capital Markets Simon Leopold - Raymond James & Associates
Operator: Welcome to the F5 Networks Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Also, today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections please disconnect at this time. I'll now turn the call over to the John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Eldridge: Thank you Katie. Welcome to our conference call for the fourth quarter and FY '15. Manny Rivelo, President and CEO and Andy Reinland, Executive VP and CFO will be the speakers on today's call. Other members of the executive team, including John DiLullo, our new EVP of Worldwide Sales are also on hand to answer questions following their prepared remarks. If you have any follow-up questions after the call, please direct them to me at 206-272-6571. A copy of today's press release is a viable on our website, at F5.com. In addition, you can access an archived version of today's live webcast from the events calendar page of our website through January 20. From 4:30 PM today until 5 PM Pacific time, October 29 you can also listen to a telephone replay at 800-876-6785 or 402-220-5331. During today's call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our quarterly release, described in our detail on our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented on this call. Before we begin the call, I want to remind you we're holding our 2015 analyst investor meeting at the New York Hilton Midtown on Thursday, November 12. If you plan to attend the meeting, you can register online from the link on our IR events calendar page entry for November 12. Now, I will turn the call over to Andy Reinland.
Andy Reinland: Thank you, John. As I normally do on our Q4 call, I will first discuss our results for the fourth quarter and the fiscal year ended September 30. Then I will provide guidance for the current quarter and finally outline our general planning assumptions and expectations for FY '16. We ended FY '15 with an annual revenue run rate of $2 billion and record earnings per share. Revenue of $501.3 million was up 8% compared to Q4 2014 and within our guided range of $500 million to $510 million. GAAP EPS was $1.36 per share, above our guidance of $1.26 to $1.29 per share. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.84 also exceeded our guidance of $1.72 to $1.75 per share. Q4 product revenue of $257.7 million, up 4% from Q3 and 1% from the fourth quarter of last year, represented 51% of revenue. Service revenue of $243.6 million increased 4% sequentially, 16% year over year and accounted for 49% of revenue. On a regional basis, the Americas grew 7% year over year and represented 58% of revenue, with the strongest growth in the U.S. while a difficult macro environment slowed sales in Latin America and Canada. EMEA grew 11% year over year and accounted for 23% of overall revenue. APAC which accounted for 15% of revenue increased 12% year over year and Japan, at 4% of revenue was down 6% from a year ago. Enterprise customers represented 65% of total Q4 sales. Service providers or 17% and government sales were 17% including 9% from U.S. federal. During the quarter we had three greater than 10% distributors. Westcon which accounted for 17.2% of total revenue; Ingram Micro which accounted for 15.6%; and Avnet, at 14.3%. Continuing down the income statement, GAAP gross margin in Q4 was 83.1%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 84.4%. GAAP operating expenses of $269 million were the low end of our $267 million to $276 million guided range. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $230.4 million. Our GAAP operating margin in Q4 was 29.4% and non-GAAP operating margin was 38.4%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 35.1% and our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 32.8%. Turning to the balance sheet, in Q4, we generated $183 million in cash flow from operations which contributed to cash and investments totaling $1.17 billion at year end. DSO was 50 days. Inventory at the end of the quarter was $33.7 million. Deferred revenue increased 23% year-over-year to $783.3 million. In Q4, we repurchased approximately 1.18 million shares of our common stock, at an average price of $126.99 per share, for a total of $150 million. Approximately $474 million remains authorized under the current share repurchase program. During the quarter, we closed our test facility in Tomsk, Russia, eliminating approximately 65 positions. These will be reinvested in other locations over the first half of FY '16. Across the rest of the company, we added a very strong 135 net employees. For the full year, revenue for FY '15 was $1.92 billion, up 11% from FY '14. Product revenue of $991.5 million was up 6% from the prior year and accounted for 52% of total revenue. Service revenue of $928.3 million grew 17% during the year and represented 48% of the total. GAAP net income for FY '15 was $365 million or $5.03 per share. And non-GAAP net income was $480.3 million or $6.62 per share. And for all of FY '15, cash flow from operations totaled $685 million. Moving on to our guidance for Q1 and our FY '16 outlook. As we enter FY '16, the growth of IP traffic and connected devices, the proliferation of applications and virtualized data centers in the cloud and the increase in the number and types of security threats all challenged the fast, secure and reliable delivery of applications to increasingly mobile users. Over the past several years, the pace of innovation at F5 has accelerated to deliver products and services that enable customers to meet these challenges, by leveraging the cloud, SDN, NFV and other emerging technologies that are shaping the industry. As a result of these efforts, our absolute focus on the application, continuing technology leadership of our full proxy architecture and our disciplined business model, I am confident that we will see a return to year-over-year product revenue growth and continued solid EPS growth in the coming year. During the past two quarters, F5 has had several key management transitions, consisting of both new leadership and realignment of certain internal responsibilities. These moves have already resulted in positive changes to our organizational structure, product road map and sales motions that are designed to reaccelerate and drive product revenue growth in the current fiscal year and beyond. As we enter our FY '16, we're anticipating seasonal softness we typically experience in Q1. We also continue to be cautious due to budget uncertainty, driven by foreign currency fluctuations and lingering macro issues. With this in mind, for the first quarter of FY '16, we're targeting revenue in the range of $480 million to $490 million. We expect GAAP gross margins at or around 82.5%, including approximately $4 million of stock-based compensation expense and $2.7 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. Non-GAAP gross margins are anticipated at or around 84%. We estimate GAAP operating expense of $268 million to $277 million, including approximately $35 million of stock-based compensation expense and $0.7 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. We anticipate a GAAP effective tax rate of 37.5% for the quarter and a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 34.5%. Our Q1 GAAP earnings target is $1.13 to $1.16 per share. Our non-GAAP earnings target is $1.58 to $1.61 per share. We believe we will generate cash flow from operations in excess of $195 million and we plan to increase our headcount by up to 100 employees during the quarter. Looking out to the fiscal year ahead, our general planning assumptions and expectations for the year are as follows, from the base of Q1, we anticipate sequential revenue growth throughout the year, with a strong second half of the fiscal year. We anticipate the non-GAAP gross margins will remain in the 83.5% to 84.5% range. We expect non-GAAP operating margins in the mid-30%s range for the first half of the year and increasing through the second half. Stock-based compensation is anticipated to be in the range of $160 million to $170 million for the year. Capital expenditures are expected to range from $15 million to $20 million per quarter for ongoing infrastructure investments and facilities expansions. And finally, assuming the R&D tax credit is not extended during FY '16, we expect our effective tax rate to average approximately 37% to 38% on a GAAP basis and 34% to 35% on a non-GAAP basis for the year. As John mentioned, our analyst investor meeting will be November 12 in New York. We hope you can join us as our executive team presents the company strategy and go-to-market plans for F5. With that, I will turn the call over to Manny Rivelo.
Manny Rivelo: Thank you, Andy. I would like to thank everybody for joining F5's 2015 Q4 earnings conference call. Overall, I am pleased with the performance this fiscal year. We closed FY '15 with a number of key milestones. Revenues of $1.9 billion with solid financial performance and record non-GAAP earnings per share of $6.62. We continued to outpace our competition with our hybrid application services strategy. Year to date, we've increased our virtual ADC market share by 13 points and the overall ADC market share by 3 points, for total share of 49% as of the latest industry reports. And for the ninth year in a row, we were named the leader in the 2015 Gartner Magic Quadrant for ADCs. We continued to diversify with more than one-third of our revenue coming from software sales, driven largely by the demand for security and the uptake of our good-better-best licensing and continued strength with our Virtual Edition sales. Approximately 41% of total product sales in FY '15 included one or more security products. This represents a 22% year-over-year growth, driven in large part by our wins in government, financial service and service providers. Demonstrating the power of our programmable platform, we exceeded 223,000 members in our DevCentral user community representing a 22% year-over-year growth. And lastly, we're approaching 4,200 global employees. It took us 15 years to reach $1 billion in sales. A mere four years later in Q4, we exited the year at $501 million in sales, putting us at a $2 billion run rate. As you heard from Andy, we had a solid fourth quarter, meeting our revenue guidance and achieving record profitability. From a regional perspective, U.S. enterprise had a good quarter. However overall Americas bookings were behind our internal expectations. We attribute this to the market volatility and the currency fluctuations in Latin America and Canada and some delays in project driven service provider transactions. In EMEA, we saw bookings in line with our internal expectations. Bookings in our Asia-Pac region exceeded our targets and showed strong year-over-year growth, while Japan sales was down year over year, but in line with our internal projections. In the core of our ADC market, we enjoyed a good quarter. In August, we released the Traffic Management Operating System, TMOS version 12.0. This is a meaningful major release that allows customers to more easily transition workloads to the cloud and incorporate technologies like HTTP 2.0, while maintaining the same visibility security and control of traditional infrastructures. Our programmable accessible architecture and growing ecosystem of technology partners make our Application Services an ideal fit for emerging IT trends, such as software-defined networking, network function virtualization and the cloud. We see many emerging opportunities for new projects, enabled by our hybrid application services. A recent F5 global survey of over 3,000 customers showed that 81% plan to run applications and hybrid or private public cloud environment. We see this trend reflected in our Virtual Edition sales which were up 57% for the full fiscal year. In Q4, we launched the F5 Ready program to verify F5 Virtual Edition compatibility with a growing list of public cloud service providers. This includes Amazon Web Services, BlueLock, British Telecom, Cisco Intercloud, Datacom, Dimension Data, Microsoft Azure, Rackspace, SingleHop, [indiscernible] and VMware vCloud Air. The F5 Ready program makes it possible for our customers to run their applications and Application Services in the cloud environment of their choice. We still continue to see opportunities in Cisco ACE replacement. We also see opportunities and selling additional F5 modules to new ACE replacement customers. For example in Q4, we won a competitive $1 million ACE replacement order at a Fortune 100 company, chiefly due to our [indiscernible] and SDN. Hybrid deployments are driving secured requirements for our customers' cloud adoption. Nearly half, 48% of the customers we surveyed cited consistent policies and auditability with on-premise as an important security factor for their cloud adoption. We see these trends reflected in our wins. In Q4, a global consulting firm replaced Juniper with F5 remote access and single sign-on of solutions across their cloud and on-premise applications. Because of our strategic point of controls in many customers' networks, more and more of our accounts are implementing F5 hybrid security services to combat the increasing volume and sophistication of high-profile cyber security breaches. In April, we launched a new Silverline web application firewall, a WAF as a service and although it's early days, we're seeing solid interest from our customers and sale organization for our cloud-based offerings, tripling our Silverline customer base this past year. This past quarter, based on our growing Silverline and Versafe customer demand, we opened a second security operation center in Poland. The team of highly specialized F5 security researchers and analysts in Warsaw will complement our existing facility here in Seattle. Monitoring and investigating global multi-layer attacks, the center will maintain up-to-date information on the latest malware, zero day and phishing attacks. In the service provider industry, a recent survey shows that on a daily basis, an average Tier 1 operator experiences roughly 10 to 15 DDoS attacks and 2000 application attacks which can result in leaked customer data, intercepted or blocked calls, roaming fraud, as well as deterioration of network and service performance. These trends have increasingly driven growth of our security offerings within our service provider business. In particular, we're enjoying rapid expansion in our U.S. carrier segment where our Gi LAN and anti-DDoS service capabilities, as well as our firewall and application protection capabilities are helping us to secure competitive multi-million dollar repeat wins. As the demand for high-bandwidth low-latency networks only increases, our NFV TCP optimization and advanced traffic steering solutions are helping our service provider customers significantly increase the efficiency and ensure their peak network performance. We signed several multi-million dollar agreements in the past quarter that further evidence our carrier-grade capabilities. In addition, we have increased our NFV partner ecosystem. In Q4, we announced a partnership with HP, Nuage and Telstra to demonstrate a proof of concept for a multi-vendor open NFV solution. Certified by the European Telecommunications Standards Institute, ETSI, this proof of concept demonstrates to service providers how NFV can reduce TCO, while increasing service agility and network elasticity. Our service business continues to produce, with 17% year-over-year revenue growth for the full fiscal year. New and renewed service maintenance contracts drove deferred revenue growth to $783 million, this quarter up 23% year over year, providing a solid foundation for continued service growth. Our services trend also underscores how our world-class high-value customer support drives product revenue growth. For example, in Q4, a U.S. bank leveraged our professional services for a technology refresh project, were seen to expand their use of our application modules to include an application security module and a DNS solution in a multi-million dollar deal. Our base of SDN, cloud application providers, service provider and convert system technology partners is as strong as ever. I want to expand on one particular security partnership that we formed in Q4. We added FireEye, an industry leader in network security, to our help customers defend against today's advanced cyber-attacks. F5 and FireEye will offer customer network segmentation and policy management, protocol conformance, DDoS mitigation, SSL inspection, advanced threat protection, intrusion prevention, threat intelligence, forensics and analytics. Although we're just launching our partnership, our joint security offerings have already resulted in a multi-million dollar sale to a U.S. health product company. Let me spent a moment now on our leadership team. I'm pleased to report that the sales team transition under John DiLullo has been smooth. John's global sales and channel experience and deep industry relationships, combined with new FY '16 initiatives will enable F5 sales evolution and drive accelerated product revenue growth. Secondly, I have asked Julian Eames to expand his responsibilities and centralize our support functions in global services, manufacturing, IT, program management and facilities under his leadership, as our new Chief Operations Officer. To reiterate my earlier comments I believe our growth drivers for FY '16 will be driven by our big IP releases, security-specific offers, sales and channel productivity gains, cloud and Silverline sales acceleration and a favorable product refresh cycle anticipated in the back end of this fiscal year. As far as the Q1 outlook is concerned Andy indicated that we expect revenues in the $480 million to $490 million range. We're taking measured view of our Q1 business in light of several macroeconomic uncertainties and the historical impact of seasonality on our Q1 order linearity. As Andy also mentioned, we expect to deliver sequential quarter over quarter growth through the rest of FY '16 and we will continue to invest in activities that further extend our leadership position or help us to capture incremental opportunities as they arise. As the market evolves, so too does F5. By having the application as our focus, we have been able to grow and flex to new customer demands. Kicking off our new fiscal year this month, we have a clear sense of purpose. Expanding our core offerings in AEC to the cloud, extending into strategic markets of security, F5 as-a-service via Silverline and the service provider and driving a world-class customer experience from our global services organization. As I stated at the beginning of my commentary, I'm excited about the opportunities presented by our hybrid application services strategy. Our customers are moving beyond hybrid architectures and our focus on software application services clearly positioning us to capture new workloads and new markets. The leadership team and I are looking for to sharing these plans with you at our annual investor meeting on November 12 in New York City. In closing, I would like to thank the entire F5 team, our partners and customers, for their support last quarter. We look forward to a great Q1. I will now open the call up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question is from the line of Jim Suva with Citi. Your line is open now, sir. 
Jim Suva: My question is on the statement that you put out in the press release about the planned production rollout and the new sales initiatives, that the combined effect would be gradual and weighted toward the back half of the year. Can you help us understand a little bit about -- does that mean the rollouts of the new products are the back half of the year or the rolling out and then companies have an opportunity to test them in the first half of the year and then the actual financial benefit comes in the second half of the year?
Manny Rivelo: There might be two questions in there. From a product perspective, we have approximately two major software releases a year. We just had one that came out in August. We see that being material throughout the course of this year. We'll have a second software release that comes out here near the second half of the year. We also, I referred to Product Refresh which is basically our hardware product refresh. We made a commitment to refresh that approximately every three years and we're at that turning point. We see that happening toward the later part of this year, also, more in the Q3, later Q4 timeframe. From a sales initiative perspective, what I will comment on and John, if you want to add to that afterwards, is really as we continue to expand into the new markets, whether it be security or service provider, we're continuing to specialize our sales organizations in those areas. Some of the initiatives are how we continue to specialize our sales teams, as well as our channel organization, to better capture the emerging opportunities there
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Pierre Ferragu of Bernstein. Your line is open now, sir. 
Pierre Ferragu: There is really two concerns I would say, in terms of your revenue momentum. One is hyper growth of cloud hurting you and the second one is the idea that you might have benefited a lot from weaker competitive environment and that you been growing faster than the market and that maybe now, it's going to be tougher for you to grow. My two questions would be on the cloud, when you see your plans moving to the cloud, is that a net benefit to you and are you very clearly seeing that? Or does that mean that people, your clients are buying less on premises and there's a large amount of cannibalization? And the second one, on the competitive landscape, you mentioned that you are gaining still a good traction on the footprint of Cisco, do you see anything changing that would justify a slower growth going forward in your competitive landscape, be it on the net scale side of things? Are they getting more aggressive or you see the end of your opportunity to take share from Cisco coming in? Thank you.
Manny Rivelo: Let me start, this is Manny, I'll start with the cloud turn it over to Karl and then maybe we will come back to talk about the competitive environment. So on the cloud the key point is, when we talk to our customers they're looking for hybrid architectures. What that basically means is solutions that are both enabled on prem and off prem and when they go off-prem, to also be multi-cloud, not single cloud providers. We see that as a massive opportunity for us, to be able to create a solution set across the environment that will allow application service portability out there. That's a major driver for us. Above and beyond that, we're also making sure our solution is in all the major cloud instances, so we're easy to find from a customer perspective. I don't know if you want to add anything, Karl?
Karl Triebes: I'll add to that. One good data point here, by the way, this is Karl speaking, is that our software versions of our products are the fastest-growing part of our business right now. And that's what we're using to support effectively this hybrid cloud focus. There's a number of areas that we address holistically with this. One of the key ones, like Manny mentioned, is the ability to have this portability between clouds and the data center. And consistent policies. And with consistent policies, what they mean by that is both security as well as access policies. As part of our latest release and core to our products is the ability to provide this federated access, so that we can find in both public and private as well as traditional data centers, including SaaS-based applications, as well. The other components are things like customers want to be able to have capacity augmentation with the cloud. To be able to do that of course, you need to have these consistent policies and we provide that. Security services is a key area. They need to have auditability and the ability to have that consistency between what they are doing on prem and off prem and provide consistent services and all that. So there's a number of things that we do there. If you look at our latest release, in fact, we added a lot of other key features that made us operate much better in some of the biggest public clouds, like Azure and AWS. We've been there for quite a while. There's definitely an opportunity and we're innovating quickly, working towards that, because that's where our customers are taking us.
Manny Rivelo: To answer the second question on the competitive environment, if you look at the history of F5 we've had a lot of competitors over the years. We assume we're going to continue to see competitors popping up over the years. Although we have been winning market share this past year at a significant rate and we've been winning our fair share of Cisco ACE accounts, we think there's still room for improvement there. We'll be working hard, we have programs in place, we have technology refresh cycles. We have integration with our partner ecosystems on cloud. SDN as an example to ensure that we continue to gain market share in the market. But we do have a healthy market share right now, approximately 50% of the market and we been growing aggressively as I stated, our virtual instances and is Karl pointed out, one of our fast-growing parts of our business.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ryan Hutchinson of Guggenheim. Your line is open now, sir.
Ryan Hutchinson: You just asked the question that I had around cloud service provider, but just to follow-up on that, can help us understand the dynamics as it relates to the market share, specifically with AWS and whether or not you think you are a share donor at the expense of some of those opportunities and how should we think about that moving forward? And then as a clarification around guidance, I have a question on whether or not the sequential growth will be for both product and service or any color around that and planning assumptions would be helpful as we think about the full year.
Manny Rivelo: Why don't you start with the guidance question Andy?
Andy Reinland: Ryan, you know us. We don't guide product and services separately, but our number one goal is to drive product revenue and that is our focus and we know that pulls the services along with it. Our initiatives and focus are all pointed towards product revenue growth.
Karl Triebes: You asked to question about AWS and do we see that as a net opportunity. That is absolutely the case. We've been running there for quite some time we're enhancing our communities and we're seeing substantial growth in our business there. We see that as a growth opportunity and expansion opportunity. Like I said earlier, the number-one thing customers talk about who are moving to public clouds is this notion of being able to not be locked that they have portability and they can move and we help enable that with our application services.
Manny Rivelo: Just to add something, we're seeing lots of use cases that are multi-cloud environments which are customers that not only have their own data centers have workloads that are running potentially in AWS but also in rack space or Azure and they're using all that infrastructure, if you will, to run their application environments and giving choice to their customers usually in lines of business or where they want to deploy those services. Part of the reason why we wanted to make it easy for customers to understand that we're in those markets and that's why we have launched the F5 Ready program, because those are cloud buyers that we certified our solutions and are making it easy to deploy our application services in.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Brian White of Drexel Hamilton. Your line is open now, sir.
Brian White: I'm wondering if you give us a little more color what's happening in America, because it sounds like the U.S. is still very strong but outside the U.S. is weakness. Are you seeing weakness in any other geographies as we go forward? Maybe some color on the macro environment? Thanks.
Andy Reinland: As Manny mentioned and I mentioned as well, Latin America is an area, foreign currency fluctuations there really affecting budgets and people's comfort level with committing funds. Canada, we saw weakness there. There are pockets in Europe, Eastern Europe, southern. When I commented on lingering issues, those areas haven't improved and we've seen that for a long period of time. The growth rates there just are not as strong as we'd like them to be. Some areas of APAC similar to that.
Brian White: When we think of the partnership here with FireEye, it's going to be material in FY '16 or is it more of a FY '17 story?
Manny Rivelo: It should be a FY '16 and going on hopefully to FY '17. We just formed it. It's hot off the press, here, if you will. It's 30 days or so ago. We're seeing great traction in the field from a go-to-market momentum. Our sales organization -- we just had our America's QVR earlier this week and it came out repeatedly from the sales leadership of good traction in the field and good engagement. We anticipate it will be material in FY '16 and carry forward from a solutions perspective. We have very complementary set of technologies in the two companies with different little overlap, as a result of that, that creates a very fluid and natural sales motion, since our sales organizations can provide a better solution together and there's no real conflict on where the revenue will come from.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Alex Kurtz of Sterne Agee. Your line is open now, sir.
Alex Kurtz: Andy, on the deferred revenue, it looked like it was pretty strong in the quarter. Any color there on what drove that year-over-year sequentially? Is there any kind of changing in how the software is charged or is there some kind of mix issue that is helping the deferred line in how we should think about that going forward?
Andy Reinland: There is no real change in terms of sales motion or how we go about giving the renewals there that really drive the deferred revenue. We're being much more aggressive going after multi-year deals and so we have seen our long-term element of the deferred revenue grow. I think it was approaching 27%. Or 23%, sorry. A lot of the customers want to lock in their pricing for multiple years. We're taking advantage of that and pushing to those agreements. We're also pushing very hard for premium-plus type services and have been having success with that. We see that as key strategically for us, because we know if they buy premium-plus services that relationship is just that much stronger and it does lead to more hardware sales. We put a big focus on that.
Operator: Our next question comes is the line of Erik Suppiger of JMP. Your line is open now, sir.
Erik Suppiger: First off, I'm just curious, you talked about SDN. Are you seeing more opportunity to work with Cisco's ACI or more opportunity with VMware's NSX solutions at this point?
Manny Rivelo: We're seeing both. We're seeing good momentum with both. There's lots of proof of concepts. It's still fairly early from a deployment perspective from we can tell. We do have deployment instances out there that we're working actively, but it depends on who the buyer is, is we're seeing from an SDN perspective. It's a traditional networking buyer we're seeing fall sometimes a little more favorably in the Cisco camp. If it's an application buyer looking for segmentation, it falls squarely in the VMware camp. We're seeing interest in both and in some accounts, we're seeing interest in actually both, also. Meaning that a certain customer may have both Cisco solution and an NSX solution from VMware. Do you want to add, Karl?
Karl Triebes: I will add, OpenStack is actually where we're seeing a lot of interest and momentum especially with the service providers, when looking at NFV, actually as well as enterprise. That's I think the third leg of that SDN stool, is that we're making good progress with both VMware and Cisco, but OpenStack is definitely top of mind for many companies or service providers out there right now. And obviously, we're supporting that very aggressively, as well.
Erik Suppiger: Do you see more business with OpenStack than either Cisco or NSX?
Karl Triebes: It's all pretty early days right now. A lot of this is still proof of concept, so it's very nascent with the customers, but it's hard to say at this point.
Erik Suppiger: Okay. Second question, Office 365 is performing relatively well these days. Do you have much of an opportunity to play on that market, as well?
Karl Triebes: Absolutely. This is Karl again. If you look at things like being able to provide federated access to the applications, that's one of our major use cases for Office 365. In fact, we're an Office 365 shop here at F5. And Microsoft has been a major partner of ours for many years, as part of that. We have major use cases around, but also other types of security as well as optimization for them. We're obviously part of the Azure cloud.
Manny Rivelo: We've actually integrated our solution and our programmability. The iApps for Office 365 to Karl's point to make it easy for customers to deploy single sign-on of those services. So it's a planned opportunity for our customer base and for us.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tal Liani of Bank of America. Your line is open now, sir.
Tal Liani: I have some kind of a high-level question which is, your growth rate -- government growth was very strong this quarter. 39% and change. If I remove the government segment from your revenues and I recalculate the growth for the entire company, product and services included, your growth rate peaked at 20% in Q2 and Q3 of last year and since then, every quarter it's coming down. It's gone down to 5.4% over this quarter and 6.4% the previous quarter. What is causing this massive deceleration in the growth rate, in an environment that should have been good for you, given the competitive landscape and your product portfolio, et cetera? Why don't we see higher growth rates or at least flat growth rates instead of such a deceleration? Thanks. And that's again, ex-government.
Manny Rivelo: Let me add a couple of things. Part of it, I think, is we're seeing some of the macro as we talked about, that's impacted us in certain geographies around the world. And that's been significant. The second thing we have seen is some of the lumpiness in service provider business which in certain quarters has been very solid, but this last quarter was down, relative to other quarters. It hasn't been one specific thing. It's actually been a series of things throughout the years that has continued to create that deceleration. But there's no question that there is also some pause in the market, as these network transitions begin to occur. Whether it be SDN and how SDN plays out in the enterprise, how cloud also plays out in the enterprise from a hybrid perspective and then the service provider arena, how things like NFV play out and whether -- how quickly they move in those arenas. Some of this is just caution on the customers, as they redesign their new architectures. But we're not seeing any significant loss as we look at our win-loss data on an ongoing basis. So we think as we continue to further our technology solutions there, as the market continues to harden and adopt those new architectures, that we should see favorable second half of FY '16.
Tal Liani: Does this increase your appetite to do some M&A and expand the addressable market or is it just a question of continued execution focused on the same things? I'm thinking in the three years down the road, how do you want to see the company?
Manny Rivelo: The answer is yes to both of those. We always are looking at M&A from the perspective looking at logical adjacencies, but it's got to be adjacencies that fit to our core footprint. We're pretty well grounded on focusing on being application centric and application fluent, providing either user services on the user side of the proxy and/or application services on the application kind of the proxy. As we can introduce M&A to enhance that portfolio, as well as the road map, we will do that throughout the course of this coming year and future years. It's something that we're aggressively looking at and will continue to look at. But it's got to be core to the business we do, we're not looking for an adjacency that doesn't give us the synergies that we have with our distribution, meaning the direct sales organization in our channels.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jayson Noland of Baird. Your line is open now, sir.
Jayson Noland: I wanted to ask on the Q1 guide and the statement around factoring a measure of continued uncertainty. Are you seeing less pipeline now relative to last year or is this simply a function of being more conservative on close rates?
Andy Reinland: I think it's the latter. When you look at total pipeline, affecting how that ebbs and flows, that can be deceiving. When we're looking at the factored pipeline, we feel good about the business. And that factored into how we give guidance. But the latter, the issues that we highlighted with foreign currency impacting deal decisions and timing of deals, some of the macro stuff that Manny alluded to, where we saw some service provider deals slip, those kinds of things just make us want to be cautious, in particular in our Q1.
Manny Rivelo: It's the same thing. We have really good fidelity via sales force of the pipeline. We've always had that discipline and it's something that John's carrying throughout the organization. We see that to be healthy, to be perfectly honest you. We have good visibility of projects that are out there. Some of them are longer term projects, but definitely have good visibility to that, meaning the service provider tends be longer-term projects. It's just about being a little more conservative on the close rates, based on the uncertainties that we see, macro as well as currency fluctuations.
Jayson Noland: And a follow-up on service provider. Is that America specific and any additional color you can provide, is that Tier 1? What type of use case? Has visibility changed their specifically?
Manny Rivelo: Visibility has not changed, we still see good momentum across the four solution sets we provide out there. It just tends to be a much more project-oriented-driven. So we had a couple of large deals but over the course of Q2, Q3, those are being absorbed by some of the service providers. We anticipate additional repeat business, because they tend to be healthy and happy customers.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tim Long of BMO Capital.
Tim Long: I wanted to go back to the product growth. It's been decelerating a little bit, seeing some challenges there. I'm pretty sure you include software sales in that line and obviously those have been growing as you mentioned a few times, with some detraction on the products. Could you talk to us a little bit about the hardware component of that line? How much is that decelerating? What is driving that? Is that just saturation of the market? Is that just pure cannibalization by the software element? Is it just going to be negative forever or is there something else going on the hardware component of the product sales? Thanks.
Manny Rivelo: Part of it's just the product cycle that we see. We continue to see from our customers this concept of what we call hybrid application services architecture which is a combination of both hardware and software. We don't see hardware sales deteriorating, by any means. They're not accelerating in the traditional enterprise use cases that we see out there. Where you need higher network agility which could be either in the software defined architecture inside a private data center or where you are bursting or moving applications to the cloud, those tend to be software additions. We're seeing that increase, but a lot of that software that's increasing are new workloads. They're not the traditional workloads that we provided services for, such as the traditional Office applications or Exchange applications or Oracle ERP systems. They tend to be now applications that are in lines of businesses. Karl, is there anything you want to add to that?
Karl Triebes: I was going to add, we're not seeing any deceleration in the hardware. For example we're getting a lot of push right now on 100-gig interfaces and those are coming here soon for us, but we've definitely see a shift the last couple of quarters in terms of customers really wanting to adopt these much higher bandwidth interfaces which means they need the bigger higher-performance hardware to support those. It's not something that works well moving to a cloud type environment for those customers. And then also, as Manny mentioned earlier in his script, we're working aggressively on the appliance refresh which again later next year or later this year, excuse me, we expect to start seeing -- rolling those platforms out. And those bring again significant new performance and capabilities including things like 2 to 3X performance improvements, 100-gig interfaces, 40-gig and everything down the line, being able to support our FPGA-based architecture right down to the lowest cost platform. We'll be bringing out a lot of new things with those platforms and we expect a good demand when they do show up.
Manny Rivelo: We're also, one last point there, is we're also doing performance improvement on our Virtual Edition. So it's not just the hardware that you see greater performance across the suite of products, you will see us continue to provide industry-leading performance.
Karl Triebes: I should mention, we did a demo of a 40-gig VE with our partner Intel at Intel IDF here earlier this year. And we expect to be able to achieve much higher performance levels going into next year. It was just a demo, but it just shows where we're able to take our software.
Operator: And our last question is from the line of Simon Leopold of Raymond James. Your line is open now. 
Simon Leopold: Two things I wanted to ask about. One was, you were kind enough to offer commentary about operating margin trends through FY '16. It sounds like very similar to the pattern you've seen in the past, mid-30s in the first of year, high 30s in the second half. I'm wondering if you could talk about the increasing mix of software content and more of the software orientation to the business, why we shouldn't be seeing more year-over-year improvement in the operating margins? That's the first thing I wanted to ask. The second one is service provider business, I appreciate is lumpy and certainly service provider spending is difficult, but it's been a little while since you talked about the opportunities around diameter and routing and wireless. I would just like to see if we could get an update of where you see that opportunity in the coming number of quarters. Thank you.
Manny Rivelo: Andy, do you want to take the operating margin trends?
Andy Reinland: As you highlighted for the last three years, we have basically laid out that because of the seasonality of our business and our desire to keep investing and not slow down the momentum we have in the first half, we targeted mid-30s growing in the latter half and you're absolutely right. Some of the things we've been able to do over the last year that we looked at, we introduced Silverline. That came at a cost of some of the margin, we put that into the gross margin, so building out the socks that we build out and we were able to do that and maintain our gross margin. As we have long stated, our strategy is to leverage the gross margin to invest in the business where we think it will help drive revenue. If we go back two years ago, we said we wanted to make investment in consulting which we did. Now we were able to do that and maintain margin and we see those consultants driving business for us. That's how we have executed and it's working for us and we want to continue that. And as always with our disciplined management approach, we will watch it and adjust as we need to. That's how we want to see it lay out.
Manny Rivelo: To answer the second part of the service provider business, there are four primary solutions we provide the service provider market. One is Gi LAN services, we're seeing nice growth on that. Commented on that. Second is security which we saw strong momentum throughout the course of the year, with specifically U.S. carriers and the third is NFV which is although early, proof of concept. The fourth one is actually Traffix from a solution perspective. On that one, we're seeing relatively modest revenue, to be honest. And in the overall scheme of things on what we anticipate, as that traffic grows, diameter signaling over the course of the next couple of years here, as 4G continues to be deployed and hopefully 5G in the future and we're, of course, where we've deployed that technology, we're seeing great project rollouts and happy customers. So we anticipate future business.
Karl Triebes: I'll just add a couple of points to that real quick. Also, on big IP, we handle a significant amount of signaling traffic, so we help scale sip and diameter and other aspects of the control plane natively with it. And again as Manny mentioned, our security services, we're seeing good adoption at major Tier 1 carriers throughout the world, including MSOs. It just takes time for them to install, integrate and then expand their infrastructure with those and so we're still on that side of the curve right now. But definitely good feedback, definitely have these things in full production to move forward.
John Eldridge: Thank you again for joining us on today's call. We hope to see many of you at our analyst day on November 12 in New York, at the New York Hilton Midtown. Until then, you have a good week. Talk to you later.
Operator: Thank you and that concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now all disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-07-22 16:30:00) =====
Executives: John Eldridge - Director, Investor Relations Manny Rivelo - President and Chief Executive Officer Andy Reinland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Kristen Dimlow - Executive Vice President, Human Resources Karl Triebes - Chief Technology Officer Julian Eames - Executive Vice President, Business Operations
Analysts: Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer Jess Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities Simon Leopold - Raymond James Troy Jensen - Piper Spencer Green - RBC Capital Markets Matt Robison - Wunderlich Brent Bracelin - Pacific Crest Security Subu Subrahmanyan - Juda Group
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to F5 Networks Third Quarter 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer portion. Also, today’s conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Eldridge: Thank you, Wanda and welcome all of you on the line to our earnings conference call for the third quarter of fiscal 2015. Manny Rivelo, President and CEO and Andy Reinland, Executive VP and Chief Financial Officer will be the principal speakers on today’s call. Kristen Dimlow, our new EVP of Human Resources and the other members of our executive team are also on hand to answer questions following these prepared remarks. If you have any follow-up questions after the call, please direct them to me at 206-272-6571. A copy of today’s press release is available on our website at f5.com. In addition, you can access an archived version of today’s live webcast from the Events Calendar page of our website through October 28 from 4:30 p.m. today until midnight Pacific Time, July 23. You can also listen to a telephone replay at 800-879-6771 or 402-220-5335. During today’s call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our quarterly release described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. And now, I will turn the call over to Andy Reinland.
Andy Reinland: Thank you, John. In the third quarter of fiscal 2015, F5 delivered solid results that reflect growing demand for our expanding array of products and services. As more large organizations deploy hybrid architectures, we continue to see momentum in sales of our software offerings, both as modules on our purpose-built hardware and the standalone virtual editions. During Q3, we also saw the beginning of what we believe will be a steady ramp in sales of our subscription-based Silverline services. These trends, combined with the ongoing success of our Good, Better, Best sales motion, demand for our security products and continued traction with our key partners, all contributed to the quarter’s positive results. Revenue of $483.6 million grew 2% from the prior quarter and 10% year-over-year and was at the high end of our $475 million to $485 million guided range. GAAP EPS of $1.29 per share was above our guidance of $1.16 to $1.19 per share. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.67 per share also exceeded our guided range of $1.57 to $1.60 per share. The strength in EPS was driven by our solid revenue and operating margin results and lower-than-expected tax rate during the quarter. Product revenue of $248.8 million, up 2% sequentially and 5% year-over-year, represented 51% of total revenue. Service revenue of $234.8 million increased 3% sequentially, 15% year-over-year and accounted for 49% of total revenue. The Americas accounted for 58% of revenue during the quarter; EMEA contributed 24%; APAC, 13%; and Japan, 4%. On a year-over-year basis, Americas revenue grew 13%; EMEA revenue grew 14%. Conversely, APAC revenue declined 6% and Japan revenue was down 2%. Enterprise customers represented 66% of total sales during the quarter. Service providers accounted for 20% and government sales were 14%, including 6% of total sales from U.S. federal. In Q3, we have three greater than 10% distributors: Westcon, which accounted for 19.2%; Ingram Micro, which represented 16.7%; and Avnet representing 13.5%. Our GAAP gross margin in Q3 was 82.3%. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 83.6%. GAAP operating expenses were $257.8 million at the low end of our guided range of $257 million to $266 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $224.3 million. GAAP operating margin was 29%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 37.2%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for Q3 was 33.9%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 33.5%. Turning to the balance sheet, cash flow from operations was $172.5 million. In Q3, we repurchased just over 1.2 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $124.92 for a total of $150 million, ending the quarter with approximately $1.16 billion in cash and investments. Approximately, $624 million remains authorized under the share repurchase program. DSO at the end of Q3 was 49 days. Inventories were $30 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $21.2 million. Deferred revenue increased 20% year-over-year to $742.5 million. We ended the quarter with 4,110 employees, an increase of 75 from the prior quarter. Now, for the outlook, building on another quarter of solid momentum with our key drivers, we believe we will continue to see strong year-over-year revenue and earnings growth. Our revenue target for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 is $500 million to $510 million. GAAP gross margin is anticipated to be in the 82% to 82.5% range. This includes approximately $4 million of stock-based compensation expense and $2.7 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. Non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be in the 83.5% to 84% range. We anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of $267 million to $276 million. This includes approximately $38.5 million in stock-based compensation expense and $0.7 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. The stock-based compensation guidance reflects a one-time approximately $5 million increase as a result of the CEO transition as outlined in our 8-K filed April 22. For Q4, we are forecasting a GAAP effective tax rate of 37% and a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 35%. Reflecting the increased stock-based compensation expense, our GAAP EPS target is $1.26 to $1.29 per share. Our non-GAAP EPS target is $1.72 to $1.75 per share. We plan to increase our headcount by at least 125 employees in the current quarter and we believe our cash flow from operations will be at or around $185 million. And with that, I will turn the call over to Manny Rivelo.
Manny Rivelo: Thank you, Andy. I would like to thank everybody for joining F5’s 2015 Q3 earnings conference call. Overall, I am pleased with our performance in Q3 as reflected by a record revenue and profitability. Among the notable signs of our progress this past quarter, we significantly grew our software revenue with the uptake of our Good, Better, Best packaging driving million-dollar plus deals. Moreover, our standalone software module attach rates were solid, especially the security modules. We saw major deals from service providers in the areas of Gi LAN service consolidation, security, network function virtualization. And we are excited about the progress we saw on our Silverline anti- DDoS subscription service, plus the recently launched Silverline Web application firewall has opened up new use cases for our customers. From a regional perspective, we had a strong quarter in the Americas with bookings ahead of our internal expectations. In EMEA, we saw bookings growth rebound of a slower Q2 performance with particular strength in Northern Europe. Bookings in our Asia-Pac and Japan regions were slightly down year-over-year, in line with our expectations heading into the quarter. Now let me drill down into the specifics of our major business drivers, which include core, security, service provider, professional services and our partner ecosystem. In our core business, we continue to help our customers leverage our Synthesis architecture to deliver their applications in the most efficient, secure and cost-effective manner. This includes optimizing their own datacenters, as well as leveraging both private and public clouds. Key to this is offering all of our products and software that can run on the major industry hypervisors are on top of our high performance hardware. Software is at the core of everything we do. Over the past 3 years, quarterly revenue from the sales of software modules and virtual editions has more than doubled, accounting for more than a third of our product revenue in Q3. The growth of our software only business is reflected in a recent industry analyst report, which reported that we grew 2.5 times faster than the general virtual ADC market, making us the market leader. As more of our customers deploy hybrid solutions and adopt our good, better, best offerings, we believe this trend will continue. An example of a key customer win validating our hybrid application services strategy is a large hardware and software deal with an academic medical center that has standardized on F5. Leveraging our Access Policy Manager, specifically, the portal access, we are helping them drive down their total cost of ownership while creating the flexibility to move their applications between different cloud providers. In addition, we continue to see success with our platform refresh in the Cisco ACE replacement programs with many of our customers expanding their solutions to include our enhanced software modules. Lastly, our user community DevCentral grew nicely at 38% year-over-year with over 200,000 members, further demonstrating the value of our TMOS programmable architecture. Our security modules remain a major growth driver for us. Given this past quarter’s highly visible cyber security attacks, more customers from an increasing diverse pool are approaching F5 for our ability to secure applications, manage user policy and access, and mitigate application attacks across traditional datacenters and public and private clouds. As a result, we had a number of notable wins this quarter, including a branch of the U.S. government, a prestigious medical research group, both of whom needed to secure their organization’s remote access capabilities. In addition, a multi-national defense contract to purchase our Access Policy Manager for single sign-on federation and three national carriers came to F5 for a variety of security solutions. Chief among them was our DNS security for mobile devices. As you may recall, we also launched our Silverline DDoS mitigation service last November. In this past quarter, we launched our web application firewall service built on our industry leading Application Security Manager. We are seeing solid early adoption of these services. For example, a household name in retail that is an F5 customer added anti-DDoS Silverline protection in Q3 to their global web properties. Over the next several quarters, we plan to deliver additional Silverline services, including an upcoming iRule catalog that can be leveraged for various application solutions allowing zero day vulnerability protection. In addition, we will deliver hybrid on and off premise solutions that allow seamless inoperability between our Silverline SaaS offerings and BIG IP on-premise solutions. In April, we opened a new Security Operations Center in Seattle. This gives us 7/24 support to client helping mitigate web fraud, malware, phishing attempts and to combat DDoS and web application attacks through our Silverline services. On the service provider side, major carriers across the globe continue expanding their use cases with F5, driving down their costs and expanding their monetization strategies. In particular our solutions around Gi LAN service consideration, network function virtualization, Gi firewall and diameter routing are helping service providers manage mission critical service issues like traffic management, increase mobile application delivery and security. In Q3, we signed our largest service provider security deal to-date, a multi-million dollar agreement with a domestic Tier 1 carrier. Meanwhile, a major operator in Asia-Pac leveraging two of our key ecosystem partners recently achieved ADC certification for the F5 NFV solution positioning our virtual editions as network functions. During Q3, our services business continues produced solid results with 15% year-over-year revenue growth. New and renewed service maintenance contracts drove 20% year-over-year of deferred revenue totaling $743 million, which ensures a positive revenue stream for quarters to come. From a partner ecosystem perspective, we continue to see great momentum in our partnership with the likes of Amazon, Cisco, VMware and Microsoft. I can point to competitive SDN, cloud and VDI wins and media companies, technology companies and large U.S. retailers. We are confident that our current and future roadmaps position us well in helping our current customers and future prospects migrate their application services to software defined infrastructures. In the meantime, as CEO I want to ensure that we are continually innovating, delivering best of breed products for our customers and expanding our addressable market. Key for our success is continuing to invest in the right people to help F5 reach the next level of growth. We have hired a new EVP of Human Resources. Kristen Dimlow has joined us from Microsoft and she will be focused on recruiting and retaining world class talent. Another organizational change is the transition of the worldwide sales team to a new leader. After 11 years of service, with sales that ranked in the billions, Dave Feringa has decided to step down on October 1 to spend more time with his family on the East Coast. I want to thank Dave for all that he is built at F5, especially the strong global sales team and our lead position in the ADC market. We are actively looking for Dave’s successor and plan to announce our decision shortly. As you heard from Andy, we have had a solid year thus far and look forward to a strong finish in Q4. We will continue to focus on ensuring that our customer’s applications can run where they run best, our emphasis will be on driving top line growth, particularly for product revenue. I am excited about what the future holds. In Q4, we will launch our next version of BIG-IP, version 12.0. This release will help our customers navigate their application centric environment without compromising our security or operational efficiency. With new features like modern pictographic cyber support, HTTP 2.0, single sign-on enhancement, hyper scale DNS and expanded SDN and cloud orchestration and management options, as well as early assets features for our next generation of iApp and iRules. We expect this release to open up over $500 million in additional addressable market. For insights to draw our longer term plans, I want to spend a few moments on our vision and strategy. We help organizations deliver the fastest, more secure and reliable applications to anyone, anywhere on any device. We are delivering on this vision through flexible scale up and scale out architectures that means we can provide our customers with consolidated set of application services on-premise in the cloud and as a service. Moreover, we know that applications that become more prolific and dynamic, operational complexity has become the primary constraint holding organizations back. F5 is eliminating this complexity while simultaneously driving down the total cost of application ownership via centralized management, orchestration and analytics driven insights. We call this F5 Synthesis hybrid application services and is the cornerstone of our business and technology strategy. In closing, I would like to thank the entire F5 team, our partners and customers for the support last quarter and we look forward to a great Q4. I will now open the call up for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] First question is from Vijay Bhagavath from Deutsche Bank. Sir you may ask your question.
Vijay Bhagavath: Thanks. Congratulations, Manny, it’s a great trend. A question for you would be around the competition. Recently, we have heard in the news on Actavis taking a role in Citrix, are there any thoughts on the competitive dynamics playing versus Citrix NetScaler in the field, for example, would you look to proactively refresh NetScaler’s Web 2.0 customers, that’s the first part of the question? Thanks.
Manny Rivelo: Vijay thanks. I appreciate that kind of words. So yes, competition is something we look out very closely. As a matter of fact, just earlier this week, we did [Technical Difficulty] QVR and we review the competition every single quarter. The competitive trend haven't change significantly. I think you have seen over the last course of the last four to six quarters that we have been gaining market share in the market. We see that as going very well for us. And our traditional competitors we think are in a position that we know, not only how to compete against them, we have superior solutions. Yes, you will see us continue expand our programs, which we have aggressively focused on things like Cisco ACE replacement to also conclude the competition. So, we know that there is opportunity there. We are competing with them directly. We are also partnering with companies like VMware and tackling their VDI space. And you should expect to see more of that over the course of the next 90 days.
Vijay Bhagavath: Excellent. And a quick follow-on for Andy, yes, hi, Andy, this would be around cap return get this question a lot from clients, any thoughts on an accelerated buyback, any thoughts on M&A, where would you be looking into? Thanks.
Andy Reinland: Yes. So, on the buyback, that’s something that we address every quarter with the board. I don’t think – I think if you look at how we have performed on our buyback over the last couple of years, we are probably one of the most aggressive companies out there in terms of the percentage of buyback to our cash flow. So, the concept of an accelerated buyback or anything like that, that’s something we may go with the board, discuss with the board, but nothing to announce about that right now. And then on M&A, we continue to look very actively. Anything that we believe can accelerate our roadmap we are going to look at very seriously and beyond that, really no change to the strategy.
Manny Rivelo: And the only thing I would add, Vijay, it’s Manny, on the M&A side, it’s something that we are very active on. We look at a lot of deals and we look at deals as Andy said to enhance our portfolio, consolidate services inside the portfolio from a roadmap perspective. So, we will continue to do that as we see fit. Obviously, the markets are little floppy right now, right, but to be slightly honest. But that doesn’t mean that we will slow down our activity.
Vijay Bhagavath: Excellent. So, this is clearly a positive surprise. Thanks, again.
Manny Rivelo: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Alex Henderson for Needham. Sir, you may ask your question. Mr. Henderson, you might want to check your mute button please.
Manny Rivelo: Alex, you there? Let’s move on.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Next question is from Ittai Kidron of Oppenheimer. Sir, you may ask your question.
Ittai Kidron: Thanks. Can you hear me?
Manny Rivelo: Yes, we can.
Ittai Kidron: Alright, it works. Congrats, Manny, on the first quarter as CEO on the public call. So, congrats, a great, great start for the quarter. I had a couple of questions. First of all, looking at your federal business, I went back for the last five years. In fact, I do remember a quarter where the June quarter was actually sequentially up from March. So, clearly, great result over there. But how do you make us feel comfortable that you weren’t pulling from September the fiscal year end quarter into June, so you could give us some color on the U.S. Fed? That will be great. And then second to you, Andy, 75 employees hired, I think your target was north of 100. So, any color on why is it you are not able to get the people you want? Are they hard to find? Were you distracted? How do I think about that going forward?
Manny Rivelo: So, Ittai, it’s Manny. Just on federal real quick, so we won’t provide as you know guidance into future quarters, but what we see in federal is just a strong pipeline of business, right. There has been a lot of projects in the federal market space. I think we have been telegraphing that, but it’s not for lack of visibility into the projects, it’s in the past been more for lack of budget into that. So, we saw very strong quarter. We anticipate in typical fashion right with the federal as its largest quarter usually in our fiscal Q4. So, we don’t anticipate that changing.
Andy Reinland: And then, yes, Ittai, the 75 increase you are right, we were hoping to be well north of 100. And it’s a tough market for hiring out there and we tend to be pretty picky. So, that’s why the guidance this time we said we want to be in excess of 125. We brought on Kristen as EVP of Human Resources and that’s one of the areas of focus that she has been tasked with attacking. So, we want to hire. I think if you go out to our website, you see a lot of postings. And we are trying to be as aggressive as we can about it.
Ittai Kidron: Very good. Good luck, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Jess Lubert from Wells Fargo Securities. Sir, you may ask your question.
Jess Lubert: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. And two for you. The first I was hoping you could provide some additional insight into the growth you are seeing in the software business. How much of that’s coming from virtual ADC versus security? And then perhaps longer term is this transition from hardware to software-as-a-service business occurs should we be expecting product growth to remain in the low single-digits for a while or would you expect that to reaccelerate as comps sees in fiscal 2016? And then I have got another one.
Manny Rivelo: Okay. So, let me just address the software growth. So, as you know – and we have talked about this in the past, our business predominantly software, what goes into our platform tends to be predominantly software. And we have been seeing that growth increases as I pointed out in the comments over the course of the last three years. We continue to expect that to increase. But I want to be very clear it’s not as if the market is rapidly transitioning from software to hardware. What we are seeing is a new set of applications that require much more of a scale-out solution and/or applications that are going directly into cloud environments. We actually think that the future architectures have two tiers associated with it. And what I mean by that is an ingress tier into the data center that requires high-performance hardware to mitigate traffic whether it be firewall services, DDoS attacks and all of those capabilities we provide using our hardware. On top of that, what we see is a second tier, which sometimes tends to be much more propagation tier, which could go to these. So, we think the future will have a mix of both hardware and software. And then the other part, are we going to see cannibalization of the hardware business? The way we price our VE relative to our hardware is on par from a unit pricing perspective. And I will just give you an absolute data point so you could have that. If you look at a 5-gig virtual edition of our product, it’s about $26,000. Our BIG-IP 2200, it’s about $28,000. So, it’s almost on par and those are both 5-gig devices inside the environment. So, what we are really seeing is customers making a decision much more on whether they want accelerated performance and/or they want the flexibility of the software for scale-out architecture. So, we don’t anticipate that to be a rapid cannibalization moving by any stretch of imagination.
Andy Reinland: Yes. And then future growth rates you know, Jess, we don’t talk about that or give that out, but we believe our opportunity is there and we need to execute against that. And driving top line growth is what we are all about as an executive team. And I think you will see us continue pushing that and investing to make that happen.
Jess Lubert: And then secondly, I was hoping you could comment on the carrier business, looks like it ticked down sequentially. Do you expect that to improve during the second half of the calendar year? And it sounds like you did sign a few big deals in the quarter. Can you provide any insights to when you think you will start to recognize revenue in some of those larger opportunities and carriers?
Manny Rivelo: Yes. So, we are having good momentum in the carrier space. And as you know, the carrier business tends to be a little lumpy in project base. We did see our largest security, Gi firewall win with a domestic Tier 1 operator. It’s been repeat business and we continue to see that ramping up. We continue to see that same traction in other theaters. But I think what’s also very interesting is that service providers are moving very rapidly to software based architectures using things like NFV, network function virtualization. And our products because we provide the same feature functionality, whether it be on accelerated hardware and as virtual editions are very well suited, we are seeing our huge uptick in proof-of-concepts around NFV. We are seeing that movement really, really rise. So, that’s future opportunity for us early days like we have spoken about, but very exciting for us.
Andy Reinland: And then we did take some revenue in the current quarter on the deals that we talked about and there will be some next quarter too.
Jess Lubert: Thanks, guys. Keep up the good work.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Simon Leopold from Raymond James. Sir, you may ask your question.
Simon Leopold: Great, thank you for taking my question. I wanted to see if you could talk a little bit about the effects of foreign exchange in the quarter. It sounds like a number of companies in the technology space are more broadly are feeling effects from either demand or exchange rates given the change in rates, particularly in Europe and a little bit in Asia. So, I know you are selling dollars, you don’t have European direct competitors, but if you could talk about the dynamics of foreign exchange and whether or not you had to do discounting in order to help out the customers overseas? Thank you.
Andy Reinland: Yes. So, in both APAC and LatAm, we did some messaging from our sales organizations that the currency did impact the business. It just tends to slow things down because people want a stable currency. And so we saw a little bit there. In Southern Europe, it’s a little different. It could have been currency. There are also macro issues. But that was slower than we would like to see I mean still looking at that. We haven’t really had to do much additional discounting. It's more working with the sales teams and the partners to get a situation where the currency stabilizes and we can execute the deal. But we haven’t really had to address it through discounting.
Simon Leopold: And have you had any push back from customers asking for discounting or is it simply this is what it is?
Andy Reinland: No, usually what happens because we sell through resellers and distributors, it will come through the channel to us to request for us to partner with them to work a deal. And we just haven’t been getting those types of requests. I think it’s more about the stability of the currency than so much the dollar change.
Simon Leopold: Great. Thank you. That’s very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Troy Jensen from Piper. Sir you may ask your question.
Troy Jensen: I also wanted to offer congrats to Manny and team on the solid quarter here. Manny, I am curious to know how much do you think remains on this Cisco ACE replacement opportunity, it seems like we are pretty long process here?
Manny Rivelo: Yes, it’s a great question, Troy. So we have been executing through that now for about a year and a half. We still see opportunities. Believe it or not, we are still seeing large, significant opportunities. But the low hanging fruit, you could argue is probably being picked in the market. What we are seeing is two things. We are seeing additional opportunities that tend to be not that large from our key accounts, much more the mid-market that we are going after at this point in time. And then what we are seeing is repeat business either, because these were largest installed bases that are being consumed over time and customers are turning dozens or hundreds of devices at a time, so they repeat that purchase cycle. But what we also see when they repeat that purchase cycle, we see them consuming our good better best licensing modules or our software modules. Meaning that we are having a deeper penetration and we are swapping out our traditional ACE load balancer for really an ADC platform and/or service consolidation platform. So that bodes very well for us. And I think that has continued business for quarters, if not a year plus to come here for us.
Troy Jensen: Okay. Maybe a follow-up here for Andy, Silverline sounds like it’s going well. I was wondering if you could just size that for us, whether the revenue contribution, I also understand it’s probably more on the deferred rev side, so anything you can help us gauge the success would be helpful?
Andy Reinland: Yes. I think you are right. It’s about deferred revenue, really is the metric that we will start to put out there. It’s early days. I think that the message we are putting out there is we have the set of expectations for that business and we are ahead of that plan, and we feel good about it and we feel good about the conversations that it’s creating with customers. We think it's a great add to our overall offerings and we will continue to expand it. And I don’t know if Julian wants to add anything?
Julian Eames: Just to say, it really comes back to the hybrid offering. Half the deals are from existing customers with on-premise product and functionality and then they are bringing Silverline in. And the other half from Silverline does put us into on-premise deals at the same time. And we seem to be doing well against the competition and we are very pleased to be sticking to the plan.
Troy Jensen: Okay. Nice, keep up the good work done.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Kulbinder Garcha from Credit Suisse Research. Sir your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is [indiscernible] for Kulbinder Garcha. Do you guys hear me?
Manny Rivelo: Yes, we can hear you.
Unidentified Analyst: Question is can you tell us about the pricing differences between the virtual ADCs and physical ADCs. And could you tell us also what the sales mix on virtual versus physical has been so far?
Manny Rivelo: We don’t provide sales mix. We will just give you an example, I just provided a moment ago. So I will give you a different unit. So if you look at a 10-gig virtual, right, a 10-gig virtual is $30,000, a BIG-IP 4000 is $30,000. A BIG-IP 4200 is $42,000. So it’s almost comparable, right on a per unit for the same throughput performance. The delta really being the acceleration you get of – the acceleration you get when you have hardware, you can leverage the FPGAs. So what we see when we do virtual as we see large volume on the software side. So usually there, you are discounting your prices a little more aggressive, but you are picking it up in the volume. So per unit is identical. If a customer was buying a single unit, there will be no doubt in that pricing.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Mark Sue from RBC Capital Markets. Sir, you may ask your question.
Spencer Green: Hi, good afternoon. This is Spencer for Mark Sue. Thanks for taking the question. You talked a little bit about the ADCs, the traditional ADC part of the business is maturing, slowing a bit while you are seeing good source of security, have you already or are you going to – how quickly are you going to see the shift in spending moving towards the investment in security and the growth in that area?
Manny Rivelo: Yes. What we – well, our focus has always been on application delivery and it continues to be on that. What we are predominantly seeing is that application delivery in the early days, which started out around availability, has more to care about at the same token security, acceleration and things of that nature. So it’s not that we are positioning a standalone security appliance, what we are positioning is really an application delivery device where security is a key component of that. And that’s the traditional shift. Classically, a typical enterprise and their service provider will be looking at purchasing two or three components or boxes to provide that service, we have been consolidating that into a single fabric. So that’s how we position into the markets that we are really capturing the consolidation play as part of the security solution.
Spencer Green: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Matt Robison from Wunderlich. Sir, your line is open.
Matt Robison: Thanks for taking the question. Andy, can you comment on the CapEx of the facility upgrade, is that – are we going to see that continue for many quarters. And then I was hoping you could derive a little bit more for us the $0.5 billion addressable market increase that’s going to come with 12 and maybe comment on what’s going on with diameter signaling?
Andy Reinland: Yes. So I think we will see – you are right, a lot of it has driven our CapEx is investments we have made in our San Jose facility, where we expanded that facility. We put in a tech center in San Jose so that we can bring customers in down there in conjunction with our partners all in the Bay Area. So we think that’s going to be really good. We expanded Tel Aviv. We have been expanding in Seattle. I think you will see one more big quarter next quarter. And then we will continue with expansion and upgrade in Seattle. So to a lesser degree, you will see it continue, I mean it’s all going to be good for hiring.
Manny Rivelo: And Karl talk a little bit about Badger?
Karl Triebes: Yes. Just to parse out a little bit on the market growth here. About half of that growth, we see coming from security, from the additional security products, specifically some of the DDoS and other capabilities we are adding to the product, as well as the portion coming from cloud. So cloud infrastructure basically updating the VEs to run across different cloud environments we are adding badger. It’s actually part of the list and there is a lot of things we are doing with auto-scaling and other capabilities on that side, a bunch of things in service provider. So being able to support the mobile core better, adding capabilities there are a number of functions and also enhancing the firewall, the S/Gi firewall components or the firewall components.
Matt Robison: Okay. Anything about diameter signaling?
Manny Rivelo: Anything – I am sorry, on diameter signaling, is that the question?
Matt Robison: Yes.
Manny Rivelo: Actually in badger, we are actually adding core to big IT new scalability for diameter signaling. And then we also have some new opportunities on the – on our traffic products with regards to like we call SRF. So basically, it’s managing some subscribers. We call some subscriber line management, some other things we are getting with Tier 1 carriers.
John Eldridge: Okay. Well, this is John Eldridge, excuse me for interrupting but we would like to take two more questions and then we will call it.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Brent Bracelin from Pacific Crest Security. Sir you may ask your question.
Brent Bracelin: Thank you. Two quick questions, one for Manny, one for Andy, if I could, Manny first off, if I go back it’s been about 4 years since, I think Version 11 was formally launched coming out here with Version 12. As you think about this release and kind of what it means to F5, how important of a release is it, is this really more a continuation of security or is there something else we should think about relative to the release and then again one follow-up for Andy?
Manny Rivelo: Alright. Brent, I will kick it off and I will turn over to Karl here, because he [indiscernible] because four years ago, I still wasn’t at the company, but in general, 12.0 is a great release. And what it does for us, I think what you have seen from our portfolio where we have expanded. Our vision is really all about hybrid, which is expanded beyond the traditional availability sort of services and we are moving to offer our services, not only on on-prem, and also in a modernized SDN environment. There is a lot of integration associated with that, where we continue to harden our product to make our product easier to work in modern SDN or data center environments, but equally how we run our services inside the cloud. So, what you are seeing is the platform expanding so that application services can be at all locations in any kind of infrastructure. And that’s the core to the part of 12.0. And Karl, maybe you want to add a little color to that?
Karl Triebes: Yes, just add to that, Badger is our largest release to-date, 194 major features are being released with Badger. And yes, we are doing a lot of work in security. Obviously, that’s a big area for us. So, we are adding capabilities across the board in security. SSL is a big area that we focused a lot of attention especially in the areas of performance and adding new cyber suites and being able to address applications, but also we have had a lot just into the core of the product being able to address protocols like HTTP 2.0. And that’s big because customers are shifting to 2.0, because one, it’s less costly for them to support it with their applications, and two, the performance is much better. And so we are supporting that. Service provider, there is a number of areas that we are enhancing support service provider functionality, including things with our firewall on our 10 modules and see just across the board we are doing things to help enable core service provider, including NFV-based applications. And then also supporting cloud partners in being able to make – we made major enhancements to support VMware, Microsoft, Cisco and others to make ourselves much more natively deployable into their environments. And then there is other things that we have done within our hardware platforms. We talk about our software-defined hardware. While we have two new major functions that we are releasing to help support significant increases in DNS performance, for example and also significant increases in security performance being able to offer with a lot more functionality into the hardware itself. So, there is a lot of major functions across the board to address some of these – the things that Manny articulated early on in what he was talking.
Brent Bracelin: Helpful color. And then for Andy here real quickly if I look at your guide for our cash flow from ops for Q4, it looks like you are on pace to grow cash flow 25% this year, 2x faster than revenue. As you kind of think philosophically about kind of cash flow, do you expect cash flow to continue to be growing faster than revenue here looking out into the next couple of years here? Is that tied to mix shift to software or mix shift to subscription? Just trying to get a little more color as you think about cash flow kind of growing faster than revenue?
Andy Reinland: Yes. To be honest, we really approach there is so much more on profitability and that’s our focus. I do think that as the Silverline services ramp up that will drive cash flow more strongly, but we will see. I don’t – I actually not really comfortable talking about guiding cash flow from that perspective. But I think the way you see it operate focus on the top line growth managing our profitability, staying on top of the business is something that we plan to continue.
Brent Bracelin: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Last question on queue is Subu Subrahmanyan from Juda Group. Sir, your line is open.
Subu Subrahmanyan: Thank you. Two quick ones. First on product revenue growth, Manny, if you can talk about the levers of given the growth you have seen on the software side, how should we think about software versus hardware product revenue growth? And we are seeing hard revenue growth slow kind of to the mid single-digit range and you mentioned that as a priority. So, how should we think about that going into next year? And then on the telco side, you mentioned the move to NFV being aggression on that front. And I just wanted to see if how that changes the growth profile that’s been tested at all with the ADC business in the telco side understanding that a lot of the security stuff is incremental?
Manny Rivelo: Yes. So, we don’t break down the hardware/software revenue as we go forward. But what we are seeing is obviously because it’s smaller numbers, the software business is outpacing the hardware business from a growth perspective. We don’t think that there will be a little bit of a mix shift for an enterprise from the perspective that maybe three years ago, they were buying all hardware, but the enterprises we talked to – the service providers we talked to are not going 100% software. They are really going as I depicted earlier to these two tier architectures with a set of hardware services that are going – that you need to scale, scale up really meaning throughput, connection for second things of that nature and the second tier of scale out services that are much more at the application environment. So, we actually think it’s incremental. What we think also it’s incremental is in cloud solutions. Cloud solutions, when customers move application more close to the cloud predominantly that’s the software play. There is a couple of cloud providers that have hardware options, but in general, it’s a software place. So, we think that’s going to mix. You want to add to that, Karl?
Karl Triebes: Yes, I was going to add – just add to the NFV comments, what we are seeing from the operators, customers they are looking for operational leverage. So, what they want to do is imply whatever software, whatever hardware they can that reduces their operational cost. Their problem is their budgets are scaling linear to the traffic that’s growing exponentially. And so they need a way to manage that. And the way they are doing that is through automation and they want to be able to automate not only aspects of the applications, but their entire environment. We play a key role in being able to bridge the applications to the environment and support that overall automation requirement. And so that’s what they are looking at us for the private part of NFV in addition of being able to support whatever footprint they need software versus hardware.
Manny Rivelo: Alright. So, you will see the telcos and I will close on this is the NFV movement is really a management of the total cost of ownership for service providers. And that’s been predominantly because the cost – how they were monetizing their networks historically has been a throughput or bandwidth type of connection. The internet traffic and the consumer is consuming both services costs and they could provide it. So, as a result of that, they have to go attack the network cost, scaling the network cost through software sometimes is easier for them to do and are lot more predictable. So, we are seeing that rapid movement by most of the telcos out there. But don’t confuse the fact that they are also going to have hardware. They have 100-gig interfaces and above and those interfaces have to be provisioned through hardware sets of technology. So, it’s a mix that you are going to see, it’s a shift of hardware to hardware/software.
Subu Subrahmanyan: If I could just follow-up on the product revenue point, the product revenue growth this quarter at 5%. I mean, do you see that – is it just some mix things that are impacting right now and do you see that reaccelerating in line with kind of overall growth? How should we think about product revenue in the intermediate term?
Andy Reinland: Yes. We are not going to talk about specific guidance on product revenue except to say, again, it’s our number one priority and that’s where we are focused on doing and how we are managing and driving the business forward.
Subu Subrahmanyan: Thank you.
John Eldridge: Okay. Thank you again all of you for joining us on this call. And we hope you have a good quarter and we will do our best to put up another good quarter and we’ll talk to you again in three months or so.
Manny Rivelo: Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today’s conference. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-04-22 16:30:00) =====
Executives: John Eldridge - Director of IR John McAdam - President and CEO Andy Reinland - EVP and CFO Manuel Rivelo - Upcoming CEO Edward Eames - EVP, Business Operations
Analysts: Jason Ader - William Blair Amitabh Passi - UBS George Notter - Jefferies Michael Genovese - MKM Partners Mark Kelleher - D.A. Davidson Rod Hall - JPMC Jeff Kvaal - Northland Capital Rohit Chopra - Buckingham Research Paul Silverstein - Cowen and Company Sanjiv Wadhwani - Stifel
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the F5 Networks Second Quarter 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion. Also, today's call is being recorded. If anyone has objections, please disconnect at this time. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Eldridge: Thank you, Brian, and welcome to all of you to our Q2 ‘15 second quarter earnings call. John McAdam, President and CEO; and Andy Reinland, Executive VP and Chief Financial Officer, will be the principal speakers on today's call. Following John’s comments on the quarter, Manny Rivelo, who will succeed John as President and CEO on July 1 will speak briefly about his goals and the company’s strategic objectives going forward. Other members of our exec team are also on hand to answer questions following these prepared remarks. If you have any follow-up questions after the call, please direct them to me at (206) 272-6571. A copy of today's press releases are available on our website at f5.com. In addition, you can access an archived version of today's live webcast from the Events Calendar page of our website through July 26. From 4:30 p.m. today until midnight Pacific Time, April 23, you can also listen to a telephone replay at (800) 551-8152 or (203) 369-3810. During today's call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements that include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our quarterly release and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Andy Reinland.
Andy Reinland: Thank you, John. Our second quarter of fiscal 2015 was marked by solid sales in North America, where we saw both a rebound in sales from large deals compared to our first fiscal quarter and record sales levels in our service provider vertical. These areas of strength were somewhat offset by some late quarter softness in sales in our EMEA and APAC theatres and Latin America region, likely impacted by the strengthening US dollar.  Revenue and earnings both grew sequentially and year-over-year, with several factors contributing to strong profitability and cash flow from operations. Revenue of $472.1 million, grew 2% from the prior quarter and 12% year-over-year and was above the mid-point of our $465 million to $475 million guided range. GAAP EPS of $1.18 per share was above our guidance of $1.07 to $1.10 per share. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.59 per share also exceeded our guided range of $1.48 to $1.51 per share. The strength in EPS was driven by stronger-than-anticipated operating margin during the quarter, benefits to operating expenses and other income related to foreign currency and a more favorable tax rate than expected. Product revenue of $244.1 million, up 1% sequentially and 8% year-over-year, represented 52% of total revenue. Service revenue of $228 million, increased 3% sequentially, 17% year-over-year and accounted for 48% of total revenue. Revenue from the Americas accounted for 57% of total during the quarter, EMEA contributed 24%, APAC 14% and Japan 5%. On a year-over-year basis, Americas and EMEA grew revenue 14%, APAC 11% and Japan revenue was down 3%. Enterprise customers represented 65% of total sales during the quarter. Service providers accounted for 24% and government sales were 12%, including 5% of total sales from US federal. In Q2, we had four greater than 10% distributors; Westcon which accounted for 16.6%, Ingram Micro at 15.5%, Avnet representing 13.5% and Aero which accounted for 10.5%. Our GAAP gross margin in Q2 was 82.5%. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 83.9%. GAAP operating expenses were $256.7 million at the low-end of guided range of $255 million to $264 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $223.1 million. GAAP operating margin was 28.1%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 36.6%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for Q2 was 37%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 34.6%. Turning to the balance sheet. Cash flow from operations was $142.3 million, driven by higher than expected profitability and stronger than expected collections in the current quarter. In Q2, we repurchased just under 1.4 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $113.29 for a total of $156.9 million, ending the quarter with approximately $1.13 billion in cash and investments. Approximately $774 million remains authorized under the share repurchase program. DSO at the end of Q2 was 50 days. Inventories were $29.3 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $10.2 million. Deferred revenue increased 23% year-over-year to $720.6 million. We ended the quarter with 4,035 employees, an increase of 90 from the prior quarter. Now for the Q3 outlook. In keeping with recent historical patterns, ongoing strength of our major drivers, and a robust pipeline, we anticipate continued sales momentum with sequential and year-over-year growth in the second half of fiscal 2015. That said, we believe the possible continued impact of foreign currency should be considered as we move into Q3. With that in mind, our revenue target for the third quarter of fiscal 2015 is $475 million to $485 million. GAAP gross margin is anticipated to be in the 82% to 82.5% range, including approximately $4 million of stock-based compensation expense and $2.7 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. Non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be in the 83.5% to 84% range. We anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of $257 million to $266 million. This includes approximately $34.5 million of stock-based compensation expense and $0.7 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. For Q3, we are forecasting a GAAP effective tax rate of 37% and a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 35%. Our GAAP EPS target is $1.16 to $1.19 per share. Our non-GAAP EPS target is $1.57 to $1.60 per share. We plan to increase our headcount by 100 to 125 employees in the current quarter and we believe our cash flow from operations will be at or around $170 million. With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
John McAdam: Thanks, Andy and good afternoon everyone. Before I go on to talk about Q2 results and Q3 outlook, I just want to say a few opening remarks on the organizational announcement that we released today. Firstly, I’d like to congratulate Manny Rivelo on his appointment as President and CEO of F5 effective on July the 1st this year. When I announced my intention to retire on October last year, I stated that a key priority would be to work closely with our board to have a smooth and effective transition plan for my successor. I will work with Manny and the F5 executive team over the next couple of months to ensure a smooth and efficient handover of responsibilities and then assume the position of Non-Executive Chairman of the F5 board. Al Higginson, who has been our Non-Executive Chairman for the last 11 years, will assume the position of Lead Independent Director. I am confident that Manny’s understanding of technology trends, his strategic vision, operational experience and tremendous culture fit with the F5 values will ensure that F5 continues to have a fantastic future and I’m sure you will join me in wishing him great success in his new role. Okay, let’s talk about our Q2 performance and our outlook for Q3 and beyond. Overall, I was pleased with our performance in Q2. From a sales perspective, the Americas region had a very solid quarter with double-digit year-over-year sales bookings growth, delivering their internal forecast. In particular, sales from million-dollar plus deals in Q2 increased significantly over Q1 and this was a significant factor in the Americas region’s strong results. The EMEA region continued to deliver year-over-year sales booking growth, though the growth was not as strong as we have seen in previous quarters and was below our internal forecasts. Sales in our APAC region were also below our initial forecast and sales in Japan were slightly above the forecast. Our services business continued to deliver solid results and excellent profitability along with a healthy increase in deferred revenue, which is now approximately $721 million, up 6% sequentially, which should bode well for future business. From a software perspective, the latest industry analyst report show us as a clear market leader in the virtual edition ADC market, driven by our ability to provide us solutions as virtual software offerings -- software only offerings across all the major hypervisors and a unique orchestration functionality in BIG IQ to enable customers to move to software-defined data centers and NFV architectures. Also, the combination of GBB pricing, virtual ADC sales, and a solid attach rate of software modules continue to result in solid software growth. We had a number of large project wins with our security solutions last quarter. And in our Q1 call three months ago, I mentioned that we had won a large scale AFM Gi firewall project in a Tier 1 service provider in North America. This project is now in production.  We received more orders last quarter as the customer rolls out more of the Gi firewall solution throughout their network, and we expect to see continuing business from this project during this fiscal year and in fiscal 2016.  We also plan to replicate the success wherever possible in the overall service provider market. We continue to believe that our security business will be a largest growth driver. We expect to see strong demand for our increasing portfolio of security solutions as customers look to adopt hybrid architectures, deploying applications both in premise and in the cloud. As you will recall, we launched our Silverline hybrid application strategy in November with the initial launch, including our subscription based DDoS service and our anti-malware and phishing protection service. We extended our Silverline services platform a couple of weeks ago with our industry leading WAP capabilities. As the latest addition to F5 Silverline’s cloud-based application services platform, the new WAP offering is built on our industry-leading ASM solution. We now offer our customers leading WAP services in both on-premise and subscription-based cloud offerings. This new cloud offering provides both ease and speed of deployment and allows organizations to confidently incorporate cloud resources, while protecting apps and data from increasingly sophisticated security attacks, risks and vulnerabilities. I was very pleased with the progress we made on our strategic initiatives in the service provider market last quarter. We had a strong presence at Mobile World Congress, where we showcased NFV solutions that power and secure service provider networks. Sales in the service provider market were very solid last quarter with sales bookings at a record high. The America regions, in particular, had a very solid quarter with several wins with the Tier 1 service providers as well as a number of competitive wins in the cable companies. We won several competitive replacements last quarter, including the Gi firewall project I mentioned earlier, and we had some solid wins with our traffic to LTE solution, including license upgrades as LTE traffic increased in the installed base. Also Gi consolidation traffic steering optimization also continue to be good drivers for us in the service provider market. As I mentioned last quarter, our hybrid application services based on our Synthesis architecture and Silverline cloud services is resonating really well with our customers and partners. This strategy combined with the strength of our partner ecosystem in areas like SPN provide F5 with the opportunity to play a very strategic role as customers continue to strive for competitive advantage and maximum agility by moving to new technology architectures. Also, our portfolio of application products and cloud services continues to expand aggressively, which in turn significantly expands our addressable market and increases the types of revenue streams available to our sales force and partner channel. As far as the outlook is concerned, Andy indicated that we expect to deliver both sequential and year-over-year growth this quarter. Although we faced some potential headwinds as a result of the currency movements in some regions, especially EMEA, I was very pleased with the positive rebound we experienced with the revenue from million-dollar plus deals and I continue to believe that the fundamental drivers of our business remain robust. We remain committed to plan for growth in our business by investing in headcount and infrastructure moving forward, whilst delivering world-class operating margins. I believe that our existing product portfolio, our hybrid applications services strategy and our product roadmap are not only in-line with customer and market trends, but also key to enabling those trends. In conclusion, I would like to thank the entire F5 team, our partners and customers for the support last quarter. Before we move over to Q&A, I’ll hand over to Manny to give you his thoughts on F5’s opportunities looking forward and talk briefly about our strategic initiatives.
Manuel Rivelo: Thank you, John. Before I say a few words on our vision and strategy, I would like to say that this is a very exciting time to be part of F5 and when I look across the company, I see a collaborative and productive team all aligned to the common goal of providing fast, secure and available applications to anyone at any time on any device. That alignment and strategy and purpose is a testament to the company you built and the culture of innovation and respect you champion [ph]. Our leadership team, the Board and I, thank you for your dedication and commitment to excellence. We have something truly special here and I am honored to be given the opportunity to lead it into its next era. Regarding our vision, over the past years, F5 has evolved beyond the traditional data center routes to include a robust hybrid products and services portfolio including scale-out virtual editions, born-in-the-cloud products and as-a-service solutions, all complementing our market-leading ADC technology. In addition, our innovative approach towards protecting applications has made F5 a logical addition to many companies’ security posture. And lastly, our broadened ecosystem of technology partners will help us deliver our synthesis architecture to meet the ever-increasing SDN, NFV cloud and security applications opportunities. In partnership with our leadership team, we will continue to evolve the company to ensure F5 can deliver application services in the way that makes the most business sense to our customers, whether that’s on-premise, in-the-cloud or on-demand and always with the confidence that F5 is defending those applications. Lastly, our most important asset is our people. I will lead in a collaborative, transparent and respectful way. In my first month as CEO, I’m dedicated to listening to our employees to hearing what motivates them and to hear about their ideas on how to make F5 even a better place to work and also how best to serve our customers. I am excited to get started in this new role and I want to express my gratitude to John and the board for their vote of confidence.  And I will turn the call over for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] First question comes from Jason Ader, William Blair. Your line is open.
Jason Ader: Thank you, and my congratulations to you Manny and thanks, John for all the great years. The questions I have, first, I just wanted to get a sense of, Andy maybe for you, linearity in the quarter. And then secondly, maybe for Manny, I know soft ADCs are not a big percentage of sales today. You just – virtual ADCs that you do refer to them just now, if the market pivots faster than expected to virtual ADCs, how do you see that affecting F5’s business and particularly the model?
Andy Reinland: Yeah, so first on the linearity, Jason, so it was more back-end loaded than we normally see in a Q3, but it wasn’t like a record, right. Really more telling was my comments on how near the end of the quarter, particularly in EMEA, APAC and Latin America, we saw sales kind of drop off and that’s what has led us to deeper look around the foreign currency elements of this, which we think are tied there. We’ve been talking with the sales teams, looking at specific deals where we think that was an impact and that’s really how the quarter laid out linearity-wise and has led us to this look at the foreign currency and a little bit of a cautious approach around that.
Manuel Rivelo: Yeah, let me just add some to virtual ADCs. So actually, we see as it being just complementary. We are seeing actually our virtual ADCs grow at a nice clip over the last couple of quarters and really over the last couple of years, but what we are seeing is two trends. One is that new applications are getting virtual ADCs, meaning in today’s architecture where either applications are moving to the cloud or they are moving to a much more software defined data center, we are seeing those virtual ADCs take over. However, in those same instances, customers are looking for traditional hardware solutions in what we tend to call internally a two-tier architecture, meaning the exterior tier of the data center is usually hardware and in that level, we provide services with our custom-built hardware that provides high throughput, high performance. And then we apply virtual, if you will, ADCs at the application layer on the back-end of the tier. So we think it’s actually complementary. We think that to succeed in the market, you need both the hardware components and the software components working in tandem, providing both on-prem and off-prem solutions.
Jason Ader: So you don’t see any cannibalization or ASP pressure in the business from it?
Manuel Rivelo: No, not at the current time, not at all.
Jason Ader: Thank you.
John McAdam: Next question?
Operator: The next question comes from Amitabh Passi, UBS. Your line is open.
Amitabh Passi: Hi, thank you, guys. John, I guess the first question for you, the strength in the service provider vertical, you mentioned North America. Was this again you starting to see the benefit of the security win you talked about? Can you just maybe provide a little more insight into just sort of the service provider trends by geography?
John McAdam: Yes. In service provider North America, it was across the board actually and all the tier 1s and I mentioned competitive wins in the cable company. So, yes, security was a big factor, so was traffic steering, Gi consolidation. It was a pretty well rounded quarter there. Sales in APAC weren’t quite strong, we had a very difficult comparison from a year ago where they had very significant growth. Same in Japan, it was a little bit late [ph] again with a very, very big win from one of the Japanese tier 1s last year. So that was doing a little bit. I don't actually have the information on EMEA. I think it was…
Andy Reinland: EMEA was relatively flat, they came in line where we expected.
Amitabh Passi: And then maybe just as a quick follow-up, just on your GBB program, can you give us a sense where are we, what sorts of attach rates are you getting, do you think you’re past sort of the sweet spot of the acceleration or the momentum you saw last year, just any help there would be highly appreciated?
John McAdam: Absolutely. GBB was interesting actually last quarter, in a sense that, well, first of all, a great majority is still going to best. Actually, I think it may even be a record percentage going to best, actually either went for better or best. It was as much as 80% actually. Interestingly enough, it was very solid in the Americas. In North America, in particular, it was actually very solid with pretty significant growth.  We did see a little bit of deceleration in APAC and EMEA, which is actually somewhat counterintuitive, because they were slower to pick up the GBB process. I actually view that as good news, because we think, first of all, that’s not a trend that will continue because there is a lot of runway in EMEA and APAC and it was probably linked to the exchange issue, the foreign currency issue which was the bigger picture with the business. So very happy with what happened in North America, and let me say, with still significant revenue and very material part of the product revenue.
Amitabh Passi: Excellent. Thank you, guys. I will step back in the queue.
Operator: Thank you. Next question, George Notter, Jefferies. Your line is open.
George Notter: Hi. Thanks very much guys. I wanted to follow up on the currency discussion, I guess I'm trying to get a better handle, any sense for how much of an impact you guys might have felt because of currency this quarter, how much did currency factor into your guidance for next quarter. And then can you remind us how much of the business is US dollar or US dollar linked and to the extent that you see pressure, does that wind up kind of falling through to F5? Is that more felt at the channel level, any more flavor on the whole currency issue would be great? Thanks.
John McAdam: Yeah. This is John. We pertain to talk to face-to-face and/or video with our sales management in Latin America as well as in EMEA and really drill down on it. EMEA is – to actually give you a number is difficult. It really is, because if you think of some of the things that we see when you get these currency issues, especially when they are fluctuating quite significantly, your VAR channel [ph] who could make the mistake of taking an order and lose money almost for the time that that order is being paid for by the end-user customer. So that tends to make them shy and we definitely got that feedback from South America. We definitely got that. We expect that similar things happened in EMEA, but it's a little bit too early to actually give you a number, but we do -- given what we saw as Andy mentioned at the end of the quarter in terms of the slip, which we don't really see that often at all from those regions, we're pretty sure that's got to linked to the foreign currency, the exchange rate I should say.
George Notter: Got it. And then, any sense for how much that is incorporated into the next quarter's guidance?
John McAdam: Well, hopefully adequately, that's what we try to do.
George Notter: Let me ask you this way. What percentage of the deals that you see do you think the currency issue kind of rears up in?
John McAdam: Yeah. It’s hard to -- I mean, what we tend to do – what do we tend to when we've seen issues like this in the past, macro issues like in the past, we basically go back to the roots of looking at the close rate percentages and hopefully as I say, we've adopted an appropriately conservative, but realistic close rate.
George Notter: Got it, okay. Thank you.
John McAdam: Thanks.
Operator: Next question, Michael Genovese, MKM Partners. Your line is open.
Michael Genovese: Great, thanks very much. I wanted to ask about sales taxes for bundles like the Good, Better, Best. If those can be used to somehow outgrow the overall growth rate of the ADC market and what do you think, what's your current view on what the growth rate of the ADC market is and if you could just talk about how do you use the penetration of Good, Better, Best, as you try to outgrow that overall number?
Manuel Rivelo: So Michael, this is Manny, let me try to answer that question. So, yeah, we believe that GBB is transforming the ADC market, and the growth rate of the overall ADC market and the rationale for that is because, what we are doing is, consolidating a set of services; layer four through seven service inside a product. The traditional ADC product itself was predominantly started out being a load balancer in the early days, if you go back a decade or so ago and since then, we've incorporated into that product, firewall technology, Secure Web Gate technologies, service provider technologies, the list goes on and on, that's part of the value proposition if they are a traffic management operating system or big IP that we bring to the market. So by looking at that, we think the addressable market of our solutions is about $12 billion opportunity for us. That's what we talked about at the Analyst Conference last November, we are tracking to that, and we monitor that very closely. If you look at just the ADC market, right, and the old definition, that would be about a $4 billion market, so we think we've added to the new definition, approximately $8 billion of incremental TAM.
Michael Genovese: And do you have a view just on the growth rate of the traditional ADC market, I guess the industry analysts are probably counting it, but are there any of those numbers that you endorse?
John McAdam: This is John, we’re not trying to doubt that, because what we’re -- really what we're doing is, we're basically making sure that we get into a big number of markets, not only security, so the more we’re successful in security and we feel good about our progress, the more we'll get into that faster growing market. I could give you a number on security but, I don't want to, that's going to be misleading, because we need -- it needs to be a bigger percentage of our business, it's growing and so we -- that's our strategy, so rather than giving you just one number of the ADC market, remember, we are using ADC to get into other markets, hopefully fast moving ones like mobile traffic and security.
Michael Genovese: Excellent. Thanks for allowing the question and congratulation to both of you.
John McAdam: Thanks.
Operator: Next question, Mark Kelleher, D.A. Davidson. Your line is open.
Mark Kelleher: Great, thanks for taking the questions. Just want to look at the million dollar deals, you said those increased significantly in the quarter, that's great. What's your anticipation as we move into the next quarter, does that momentum continue, do we make up the -- does the components of that guidance make up smaller deals, what's your thought there?
John McAdam: This is John, I think what we saw there was, I think we got proved right. In last quarter's call, we said we believe that the reduction was due to the Q4 push, emptying the pipeline and I think we're back to normality in the million dollar deals, and I obviously, time will tell that, but that's how we feel when we look at the pipeline and listen to the quarterly business reviews on the, you know, what's being forecast by the sales force. But let me remind you because I'm not going to be here is that Q1 next year, I think you're going to see a very similar scenario.
Mark Kelleher: Okay. And just as a follow-up or maybe a second question, the breakout between product revenue and service revenue, product has been sort of decelerating with service revenue growing quite rapidly, do you see that dynamic continuing, what's the shift or the sales model shift, is that going to continue to push towards service model and subscription revenue, just some thoughts on the growth of product revenue would be great?
Andy Reinland: Yeah, when we’re looking today at that mix between product and service, I really think it's more, the service tends to trail product, right, so we're seeing a lot of good service growth off of last year's tremendous product growth, and if we don't get product reaccelerating again, we'll probably see service start to slow down over a longer period of time. So that's the dynamic there, but nothing --
John McAdam: And if you look at, obviously product revenue acceleration is always going to be a major financial goal, as we -- the rest of the business I think in good shape in terms of profit, et cetera. So that's always a thing, and the two big areas there are service provider and security, and I have to make sure both. And there is going to be other areas where we see growth areas, obviously subscription is one where, it will be a while before we see the growth, but once we see it, it keeps on giving, but you know, number one focus, product revenue growth, but meanwhile, we’re also creating this other channel using subscription services in Silverline to make sure that we’ve got good recurring revenue at a product level as well as a service.
Andy Reinland: And just for clarity, in case I missed something there, our subscription revenue that comes from the Silverline service goes into our product revenue, so it will be a part of that. And the interesting metric that as it gets more meaningful that we’ll start to look at more closely is, deferred revenue and the growth there obviously, because that’s a setup for future revenue. So, we’ll talk about more -- that more in future quarters as it becomes more meaningful.
Mark Kelleher: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Next question from Rod Hall, JPMC. Your line is open.
Rod Hall: Yeah, hi guys, thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to follow-up on the currency question, George had asked you guys what the dollar rate or dollar exposure is versus foreign currency, and I think you guys price in local currency external for the US, but just wanted to double-check that and then have a follow-up.
Andy Reinland: Yeah, so, actually, almost all of our sales are in US dollar, right, and that goes to the distributor and then converts to local currency at that point, right, which is why John was taking about you know, we work with the channel on these currency issues and historically tended to have addressed them on a deal-by-deal basis. So far with what we’re hearing, we think that’s how it’s going to continue but we’ll see.
Rod Hall: And you guys -- I guess the follow-up then Andy is, given that, are you -- so, you haven’t accelerated price decline in dollars to try to compensate for the local currency fluctuations at least in some of the regions, where currencies are really badly impacted like Brazil and Russia and so on, or have you not really moved to do that sort of thing yet?
Andy Reinland: Yeah, we haven’t -- we’ve not responded with lowering pricing and never really have and probably won’t. I think we’ll be addressing it through our discounting process on a deal-by-deal basis working with our channel partners as the deals merit and they come to us and we decide to figure out how to work it together so we win.
Rod Hall: Okay. And then -- I just -- I also, on services, if I can follow-up on, John, you talked about managed or consulting services, people come at you guys and asking you to do more and more of this. Is there any – do you have an ability to quantify that for us, or give us some idea for how that part of services is growing for you, I think it still is growing?
Edward Eames: This is Julian. That part of the services business is growing slightly faster than the maintenance support business, but over the course of the last 18 months, we’ve been employing strategies of working with our sales partners and expanding their capabilities to the point that we sub-contract to those people as well, and also providing more of that consulting service remotely rather than going to site all the time. Always focused on product sales, but at the same time, trying to maintain better margins, which is what we’ve done over the past year.
Operator: Okay, we’ll move on to next question. Jeff Kvaal with Northland Capital, your line is open.
Jeff Kvaal: Yes, gentlemen, thank you very much and let me add to my congratulations to those who’ve come before me. I look forward to working with you Manny, and John, I don’t look forward to not working with you I guess is the way I would put it.  Okay, could I ask, the product revenue growth, obviously we’ve been watching this for many years and asking about it every quarter, looks like it may be flat to down again in the next quarter. How long do you think it may be before the current -- let’s assume that the currency normalizes at these levels, how long do you think it might be before the product revenue would start to drift back up?
John McAdam: This is John, and I’m going to make an excuse, and lead with that, but given what we saw in America last quarter, where we had really solid rebound, not just in the million dollar deals, but the actual sales, if we have not seen those -- this is our opinion there, if we haven’t seen those currency, it would be – we wouldn’t be answering this question right now. So, we have to balance that. But the key for us is to keep focused on creating technology and security and the big drivers that we see, making sure that we execute on areas like the ACE opportunity, which we still believe is there, and if there is a number of deals going this quarter, then we will see results. That’s our focus, but meanwhile, there are some headwinds in between, obviously macro.
Manuel Rivelo: And what I will add to that is, we are continuing our innovation cycle and we will see specifically coming out later this quarter our next release of technology and products into the market segment. So actually, it’s the quarter after, I apologize, Q4 that you will see that innovation come out. So, you will expect to see from us continuing to add innovation on two releases, predominantly a year, and that will continue to build TAM for us in new products in the market.
Jeff Kvaal: Okay. Well, that leads me into new direction, I guess. I mean, do you think it is possible that some of the revenue that you might have liked to have seen in the March quarter and the June quarter did not arrive for some other reason and maybe that’s because they are expecting some of these product refreshes or maybe it’s just the tough comps or what have you? Are there other things going on possibly beyond the currency?
John McAdam: I don’t think so, this is John. I mean, well, first of all, and we had this from our sales force -- sales management in North America and EMEA this week, I mean, they were very optimistic about our competitive position, so we don’t see that at all right now. We think we’ve got a great area there and we will continue, and it’s up to us to keep driving those solutions and innovation that Manny talked about and product revenue will fall.
Manuel Rivelo: And just to clarify, most of the innovation we are talking about here is not physical hardware, it’s actually software innovation, so customers can upgrade to that innovation, specifically as our -- within our support capabilities. We offer that opportunity to move toward – through the most recent software cycle. So we are not penalized by any means by not having the technology today, and when the additional software functionality becomes available, they will do an upgrade.
Jeff Kvaal: Thank you, gentlemen.
John McAdam: Thank you.
Operator: Next question, Rohit Chopra, your line is open.
Rohit Chopra: Yeah, thanks for taking the question. And congratulations, John and Manny. I had a question again just about the end of the quarter and the softness, and I know you mentioned currency. But did you see anything related to competition, I know there is a few competitors that are out there who are a little bit desperate of maybe they were accounting for the weakness at the end of the quarter? Maybe that’s the first question. And the other question I had, and John, maybe you could help me out on this one, but it comes back to product growth and services growth, is foreign -- what’s the make-up of the services for the new ones or serviced, maintenance contract, are they mostly foreign? And the reason I am asking is, maybe the foreign buyer, are they sort of holding off on maybe some upgrades or some new purchases and they are just sticking with their existing solution for a little bit longer, just given the currency movement. Have you looked at that?
John McAdam: Yeah. Let Julian answer the services thing, because I think definitely the way you have asked the question is about the situation and then we will talk about the competitors.
Edward Eames: So on the services, maintenance, renewals, we had a strong quarter across the globe. The proportions really mirror the product revenue portions from the past that we have talked about, roughly just under 60% North America and the rest of the world the rest. EMEA and North America were our two outstanding performers, there are really no effect whatsoever in this regard.
Manuel Rivelo: And Rohit, just to add around the market share, so over the course of last year, we grew market share and we felt really good about that taking our leadership, while maintaining leadership position in the total market, we are also taking a leadership position in the software-only market. We anticipate this quarter that we will gain market share across the board. Our competitors continue to be Citrix, A10, Radware, those are the primary competitors we see out there. And our selling motions, our win rate in the field, everything is favorable, very favorable, so we expect another year of continuing to gain market share.
Rohit Chopra: Okay. Can I just ask a quick follow-up, Manny, you didn’t seem like when you had your part of the presentation that there was going to be anything different, but if John wasn’t in the room, what would you change?
A - Manuel Rivelo: Oh, John is in the room – oh, he is not there. I think for us, really I have taken this question a couple of times, where I think the focus is going to be short-termish, first of all, the transition. There is no question about – we’re going through a quarter here, where we are transitioning, we want to make sure that we continue to execute our financial model as well as all of our customer commitments. But what we are aggressively also working internally is our FY16 and beyond strategy.  And that’s how we’re going to balance not only the short-term opportunities we have, but also the long-term opportunities to be able to succeed. And as we evaluate that, you’ll see us rolling that out at the Analyst Day in November just like we always do what our strategy is. There are some areas there that we’re going to double-down and accelerate, some of those are probably pretty obvious, things like security, which we have a lot of traction and there is other areas where we might consider pulling back a little bit on the investments just to capitalize on those new areas. And that’s the area that we’ll be evaluating over the course of the next quarter or two. 
Rohit Chopra: Thanks, Manny and John. I appreciate it.
Manuel Rivelo: Thank you.
John McAdam: Thank you.
John Eldridge: Brian, this is John Eldridge. We’re going to take two more calls and then wrap it up.
Operator: Okay. Next question, Paul Silverstein, Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Paul Silverstein: All right, thanks guys. I recognize you’ve been asked the question six ways to Sunday, so that said, going back to currency for one minute, and I suspect it’s probably impossible to tell, but John, Andy, Manny, have you seen with respect to US-based customers, larger customers who do business overseas, where they too have been impacted perhaps to one [indiscernible] or another in terms of a decrease in revenue over the last nine months of depreciation of the dollar?  Have you seen any sign that they’re cutting back on their IT purchases and historically it’s been the case, the first thing that gets cut is networking, are there any signs of that? And then on the Gi firewall deal that you all called out, in terms of the dollar contribution, can you give us some sense of the magnitude and I heard you say that you expect this continue through ’16, but I guess I’m trying to get a sense of the concentration risk from that one deal?
John McAdam: Okay. So, let me answer that as well as in my mind. So, I think in the last call, I talked about a couple of transactions more than a million. We talked about another transaction happening this quarter, millions plus. That’s the type of, we expect -- and remember this is a rollout, this is not something that you know we expect to see that throughout the fiscal. I am not saying every quarter we’ll see it, I am not committing that, but we expect to see that type of transaction happening as they roll out the Gi firewall to the network. And another thing I said was it through -- we think over through 2016. So, we don’t see any concentration, actually almost the opposite. And the main thing we want to do actually is make it work which we’re very happy with the way it’s gone into production and also to replicate it in the other --
Manuel Rivelo: Let me just add something to that. Although we talked about that one transaction, we’ve also seen other Gi firewall deals that we’ve won, they tend to be much more in the software space, NFV-type projects from that implementation point of view and those are material also in size. So it’s not concentrated as per one account. We’re seeing that traction across various different service providers, some which are going to hardware appliances and some which are going to the software architectures.
Andy Reinland: Sorry. To your initial question about US companies being impacted in some way if they do multinational business, where we would hear that is through the channel at our sales force that services those accounts and even anecdotally, we’re not getting any indication of that that would give us concern there with the US companies doing business overseas.
Paul Silverstein: So, all the near-term we’ve been seeing, you’d attribute to the dollar impact on overseas business, not US?
Andy Reinland: Yeah. And then on the flip side, you look at EPS and saw the benefit in our EPS from foreign currency.
Paul Silverstein: All right. One quick follow-up, Andy I trust, I know you’re saying that the virtual editions are incremental, not cannibalistic, but I also if I recall historic when you said on the issue that virtual editions go out about 80% of the price of a hardware with a wash to the bottom line, that it’s a deal better or worse, does that still hold?
Andy Reinland: Yeah. I mean what we’ve seen historically, if you look at how we price the virtual editions, it’s roughly $12,000, which is 80% of our entry-level box, which is about $15,000, which has 20% margin. So, the entry-level, it's kind of a wash, but what we’ve seen to-date is that those deals tend to be larger because they choose to go with a much more horizontal type approach, which pushes them towards many more instances and that’s what we’ve seen. So, not saying that it won’t change as things evolve, but at least today that's where we’re at.
Manuel Rivelo: I think just to add some additional context to that, this is Manny, the way to think about it is when we tend to sell the virtual editions, they tend to go out one per application. Sometimes when the hardware is sold, it's many applications from one appliance. So, you’re seeing it picked up in volume, which is Andy’s point versus concentration at the appliance level. So it tends to be almost a wash.
Paul Silverstein: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Last question today then comes from Sanjiv Wadhwani, Stifel. Your line is open.
Sanjiv Wadhwani: Thanks so much. Let me add my congratulations to both Manny and John. Two quick questions. John, just on the currency issue, just wanted to get a flavor, when you are seeing these issues, are they coming in the form of a lower deal size? Are the deals getting pushed out? Any color over there would be helpful. And then on Cisco ACE, I know you mentioned it briefly, but are you still seeing a lot of opportunities out there, or is this starting to get a little bit mature since you have been sort of attacking that installed base for well over a year now? Thanks.
John McAdam: Yeah, so on the deal size, we have seen some of that, and again, it’s anecdotal in the sense, it’s coming from sales management as they are looking and thinking, what happens here, we forecast a number and that towards the end, we missed them, we don’t often do that. And then when you look at some of the actual orders especially towards the end of the fiscal quarter, I should say, we did see some reduction on add-ons coming. So we did see some of that happening. In other words, the customer really needs the basic optimization and steering, but maybe doesn’t opt for an additional module, it was a bit of that one or again, have to actually come up with a specific number on that, but we did see some of that.  And then ACE, ACE, we think we’ve still got a very big opportunity there. I mentioned I think just briefly during the call that when we went through the America’s QVR this week on Monday, we went through in detail and it was a bunch of fairly big transactions that we’re forecasting to close our ACE opportunities. And then of course, remember that once we do that, if we get a big transaction, it tends to mean it’s a bigger company, we sell security, we sell more add-ons, we sell more into the account and moved up, very good example of that. So yeah, I think it’s still a very, very good opportunity for us and we are focused on it and that’s why we keep measuring it and looking at it each quarter.
Sanjiv Wadhwani: Got it. Thank you.
John McAdam: Thank you.
John Eldridge: All right. Well, thank you all for joining us for this call and rest assured, we are going to keep our heads down and do our best to bring in a good quarter. We will talk to you all again at the end of Q3.
Operator: Okay, thank you. Then that does conclude the call for today. You may disconnect your phone lines at this time.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-01-21 16:30:00) =====
Executives: John Eldridge - Director of IR John McAdam - President and CEO Andy Reinland - EVP and CFO Manuel Rivelo - EVP of Strategic Solutions
Analysts: Jayson Noland - Robert Baird Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup Kent Schofield - Goldman Sachs Brian White - Cantor Fitzgerald Michael Genovese - MKM Partners Bill Choi - Janney Subu Subrahmanyan - The Juda Group Brent Bracelin - Pacific Crest Securities James Faucette - Morgan Stanley Catharine Trebnick - Dougherty & Company Tim Long - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5 Networks First Quarter 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be on listen only and for the question and answer portion, also today's conference is being recorded. If you have objections, please disconnect at this time. I'd now like to turn the call over to John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Eldridge: Thank you, Brian, and welcome to our conference call for the first quarter and fiscal 2015. John McAdam, President and CEO; and Andy Reinland, Executive VP and CFO, will be the speakers on today's call. Other members of our executive team are also on hand to answer questions following John and Andy's prepared comments. If you have any follow-up questions after the call, please direct them to me at (206) 272-6571. A copy of today's press release is available on our Web site at f5.com. In addition, you can access an archived version of today's live webcast from the Events Calendar page of our website through April 22. From 4:30 p.m. today until midnight Pacific Time, January 22, you can also listen to a telephone replay at (888) 673-3568 or (402) 220-6431. During today's call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements that include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our quarterly release and described in detail on our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. Now I will turn the call over to Andy Reinland.
Andy Reinland: Thank you, John. Before I start my prepared remarks, I’d just ask you to be a little patient if pause I have been battling with cough so with that we’ll get underway. Sales in the first quarter of fiscal 2015 reflected the seasonality we normally see at the beginning of our fiscal year. And in general we saw fewer large deals this quarter compared to previous quarters. As a result revenue of $462.8 million was in the lower half of our guided range of $460 million to $470 million reflecting 14% year-over-year growth and down slightly from the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014. GAAP EPS was $1.21 per share, above our guidance of $1.10 to $1.13 per share. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.55 per share also exceeded our guidance of $1.46 to $1.49 per share. Both GAAP and non-GAAP results include a one-time benefit related to the retroactive reinstatement of the R&D tax credit for 2014 resulting in a benefit to EPS of approximately $0.08 per share on a GAAP basis and $0.07 per share on a non-GAAP basis. Product revenue of $240.9 million in the first quarter was up 10% year-over-year, down 6% sequentially and accounted for 52% of total revenue. Service revenue of $221.9 million grew 18% year-over-year, 6% sequentially and represented 48% of total revenue. Accounting for 56% of the total, revenue from the Americas was up 14% from the first quarter of fiscal 2014. EMEA which represented 25% of revenue grew 20% from the first quarter of last year. APAC accounted for 14% of revenue and grew 9% year-over-year and Japan revenue representing 5% of total, grew 3% from a year ago. Sales to enterprise customers represented 63% of total sales during the quarter. Service providers accounted for 23% and government sales were 13%, including 5% of total sales from U.S. Federal. In Q1 we have four greater than 10% distributors Westcon, which represented 17.5% of total revenue; Ingram Micro, which accounted for 16.7%; Avnet at 13.9% and Aero which accounted for 11.4%. Our GAAP gross margin in Q1 was 82.9%. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 84.1%. GAAP operating expenses of $251.1 million were within our target range $245 million to $253 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $222.9 million. GAAP operating margin was 28.6% our non-GAAP operating margin was 35.9%. Reflecting the onetime benefit from the retroactive reinstatement of the Federal R&D tax credit for 2014 are GAAP effective tax rate for Q1 was 34% and our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 32.3%. Turning to the balance sheet. Cash flow from operations was $186.4 million. In Q1 we repurchased just under 1.2 million shares of our common stock at an average of $128.70 for a total of $150 million, ending the quarter with approximately $1.17 billion in cash and investments. With the addition of $750 million authorized by the board for stock buyback at our most recent board meeting approximately $931 million remains authorized into the share repurchase program. DSO at the end of Q1 was 50 days. Inventories were $27.6 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $10.3 million. Deferred revenue increased 20% year-over-year to $680.3 million. We ended the quarter with approximately 3,945 employees an increase of 110 from the prior quarter.  Moving on to Q2 outlook, based on the strength of our current pipeline including the return in the number of large deal opportunities and continued momentum from our key drivers. We anticipate sequential and year-over-year growth in the second quarter of fiscal 2015. Our revenue target for the quarter is $465 million to $475 million. GAAP gross margin is anticipated to be in the 82% to 82.5% range including approximately $3.5 million of stock based compensation expense and $2.7 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. Non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be in the 83.5% to 84% range. As outlined in during our Q1 earnings call we anticipate an increase in stock compensation in Q2 related to the timing of our employee grand. As such for Q2 we anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of $255 million to $264 million including approximately $34 million of stock based compensation expense, and $0.5 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets.  For Q2, we are forecasting a GAAP effective tax rate of 38.5% and a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 35.5%. These rates assume no reinstatement of the Federal R&D tax credit for 2015. Our GAAP EPS target is $1.07 to $1.10 per share. Our non-GAAP EPS target is $1.48 to $1.51 per share. We plan to increase our headcount in excess of 100 employees in the current quarter and we believe our cash flow from operations will be at or around $110 million reflecting the impact of two federal tax payments that we normally incurred during our fiscal second quarter. With that I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
John McAdam : Thanks Andy and good afternoon everyone. ALOHA Red new came in at the lower end of our guidance and I’ll comments on that in a moment. I was pleased with the significant progress we made in all our major initiatives. For example we have some very strategic sales wins in the service provide market. We had a very successful launch of Silverline our key components of our hybrid applications services strategy. We added significant functionality to our orchestration and management product BIG-IQ. Which was key to winning the strategic security wins and is also another component other hybrid applications services strategy. We also continue to make great progress with our SDN partnerships both in technology and in go to market initiative. From a sales perspective the majority of the shortfall are come from the Americas region where we experienced larger than expected drop in million dollar plus deals in both large enterprise and U.S Federal opportunities. We believe this was a seasonality issue due to a very large number of large wins closing during a fiscal year and Q4 drive. On a positive note the pipeline creation rate in Q1 was very strong -- I am sorry -- and was very strong and the time line for the quarter was very good. So I misquote a sentence here from the original. Japan business was also very -- was also below internal forecast but this was not a major factor overall. Both APAC and EMEA delivered year-over-year sales growth. The EMEA region was a star of the quarter and once again delivered an excellent performance with solid year-over-year growth. Our services business continue to deliver solid results and excellent profitability along with the healthy increase in deferred revenue which is now approximately $`680 million and should board well for future business.  We continue to experience strong momentum with our Good, Better, Best sales motion in Q1 with customer adoption continuing to be very strong in the Best category highlighting the success we are achieving with our security solutions. I was also encouraged by the continuing strong growth of our software revenue which increased 44% year-over-year. The fastest growing area in our software business is our core virtualization ADC. Our software growth is being driven by the increasing customer demand for hybrid solutions that allow greater flexibility in the deployment of application services within and across datacenters and into the cloud. Our ability to provide our solutions as special software only offerings across all the major high providers combined with our unique orchestration functionality in BIG-IQ is enabling customers to move to software-defined data centers and NFV architectures. We are also seeing growth across the entire portfolio of our software module offerings driven by the rapidly increasing reorganization and ADC is ideal platform to ensure application security. Our security business continues to be a largest growth driver with strong sales across the security solutions portfolio including ASM, APM and AFM. I already made reference to strategic security sales wins in the service provider market. We won’t allow to AFM Gi firewall sales to Tier 1 service provider which resulted in two transactions in Q1 being over $1 million each in value.  I have mentioned several times last year that our BIG-IQ security management and orchestration product roadmap was being influenced by our Tier 1 service provider North America. This initiative has proved to be very successful and we are now starting to see some real momentum globally with our Gi firewall solutions and we believe it can be a strong growth driver in fiscal 2015 and beyond.  Overall we had a solid quarter in the service provider market in Q1. We had several very strategic wins over and above the Gi firewall deals. For example we when allows 2 million plus software only NFC application with another Tier 1 service provider in North America. Our consolidation strategy and focus on security NFC, Gi 1 services and LTE applications is resonating well with the service provider. As we offer them the opportunity to reduce OPEC while monetizing that added value services with our unique application and subscriber awareness. We continue to see strong sales of Cisco ACE replacements last quarter. As we have seen in previous quarters customers continue to take the opportunity to add additional functionality. For example, our AFM and our AFM security module when the implementing new F5 solutions. We have created a sales service web portal for ACE Migration which complements a significant experience and consulting expertise and increases our competitive advantage. Also we intend to step up our market initiatives on the ACE opportunities starting this quarter to take advantage of our current momentum and experience in transitioning ACE customers to F5 ADC solutions.  We have experienced a very positive reaction to the launch of our Silverline hybrid application services strategy from our sales force, partners and customers. The initial launch included our subscription based DDoS service and our anti-malware and fishing protection service. These cloud-based offerings delivered flexible best-in-class services and offer a hybrid model complementing F5 on premise products and solutions. We have already seen some excellent orders for both our subscription based DDoS service and anti-malware solutions. We are planning to increase the portfolio of cloud-based subscription services starting with the vast AFM solution in the new few months.  From a product perspective, we have a host of new functionality and new products on our control map. We have recently released a new high-end 2U platform the BIG-IP 12000. This platform extends performance of a content those in platform by 25% increases SSL performance by 600% and more than doubles the number of high performance vCMP instances The SSL performance is really important given the SSL effort we are trying to foresee. In the near future, we will be enhancing on management and orchestration capabilities with BIG-IQ release 4.5. This release will include significant enhancements to our datacenter security product, AFM, and ASM as well as comprehensive support for our SDN ecosystem to revise application monitoring capabilities with an SDN enabled network. The BIG-IQ cloud module now supports SDN controller integration with Cisco APIC, VMware, NSX, Alcatel Nuage, Microsoft SCVMM and OpenStack. We will also be adding a new module BIG-IQ ADC. BIG-IQ ADC provides centralized fine-grained application management across cloud-based SDN and traditional network infrastructure.  The drivers of our business remain robust and I expect momentum to build in this coming quarter and continue into the second half of the year. Our hybrid application services based on our Synthesis architecture and Silverline Cloud Services is resonating really well with our customers and pop-ups. This strategy combined with the strength of our partner ecosystems in areas like SDN provide F5 with the opportunity to play a very strategic role as customers continue to strive the competitive advantage and maximum agility by moving to new technology architectures.  Also our portfolio of application products and cloud services continues to expand aggressively which in term significantly expands an addressable market and increases the type of revenues streams available to our sales force and partner channel. As far as the outlook is concerned and the indications that we expect both sequential and year-over-year growth this quarter. As I mentioned earlier our business pipeline create rate was very strong in Q1 up significantly over the previous year and the pipeline of business this quarter looks very strong. In particular, we have seen a large increase in the number of large deals in the pipeline. We continue to plan for growth in the business by investing in headcount and infrastructure moving forward while delivering world class operating margins.  I continue to feel very positive about future business prospects for F5. I believe that their existing product portfolio of hybrid application services strategy and our product roadmap are not only in line with the customer and market trends but are also key to enabling these trends.  In conclusion I would like to thank the entire F5 team of partners and customers for the support last quarter and with that I will hand the call over for Q&A. 
Operator: Okay. [Operator Instructions]. The first questions comes from Jayson Noland, Robert Baird. Your line is open. 
Jayson Noland: John, any additional color on the large deals -- I know you said fast but is there a certain vertical you could call out and with complexity part of it just a confusion around architectural change or?
John McAdam: No, we obviously checked in a big way and really and this is sounding weird but really there was nothing complex that we could see. We just saw -- the more we looked at the pipeline going through the quarter you could see that the forecast deals weren't moving along as fast as they should -- that was -- this was only in the Americas by the way and the enterprise and then in Federal as well some. No vertical that stood out just generally across the board. And then we were not talking about a significant number of million dollar deals but they obviously make a difference. 
Jayson Noland: And those didn't become smaller deals, they should got pushed out in to Q2. 
John McAdam: Absolutely. Yes. 
Operator: Next question from Ehud Gelblum from Citigroup. Your line is open. 
Ehud Gelblum: Just one view clarify couple of things, John you talked about software 44% growth that was you were talking about virtual edition software as opposed to software?
John McAdam: So 44% was the total software and within that -- and that includes virtualization and that includes modules and areas like vCMP within the ADC solution. And the other thing I said was that the fastest growing was the virtualization ADC. However, the security module software is a pretty significant part of that growth as well. 
Ehud Gelblum: Can you give us a sense as to of that how large is the security module part of that? 
John McAdam: We don't give out that specific -- why -- because I don't have them to hand anyway but we typically don't give that out. But security you are going to hear me talking again a few times in the call and that still remains our biggest driver and I think that's going to be the case for a while. 
Ehud Gelblum: Okay interesting I did want to drill down. 
John McAdam: Because if you take the Gi firewall for example. You see that these were pretty significant deals and of course the security module ASM associate with it and that's pretty expensive. 
Ehud Gelblum: I was trying to drill down little bit on some of the Gi firewall wins. You talked about wins in Tier 1 service provider for that. Can you give us a sense as to who you beat out I can guess I mean is this beating of Juniper, SRX or who you are beating out. And was this new opportunity that you brought in for or was this existing opportunity where you replace someone and the sale was if so was up for functionality features, can you give us a sense as to what that opportunity looks like?
John McAdam: Yes. So typically and the one that I was talking specifically on this call and we have seen Gi firewall deals over that one wave, the one I was referring to for U.S Tier 1 providers and nobody mentioned customer names of course. The $2 million plus Gi firewall deals was directly related to frankly I think it's about two years we've been working with this particular service provider on the orchestration road map so that’s easy, the initial orders and that opportunity that can be big obviously is only when we execute properly.
Ehud Gelblum : Can you be specific who you’d be down on that or it was an incumbent there?
John McAdam: I mean incumbent typically in the areas in the U.S. as Europe. It’s not always been that, some of the replacements that’s typically incumbent.
Ehud Gelblum: Okay. One last thing I want to ask services obviously were very, very strong, there is obviously a renewal period happens but between differ revenue and large company services is there any global connect we can get a sense on as to what meet the jumps that strong in services.
John McAdam : On the revenue side the jump was we’ve seen for a number of years clients go for terminus contracts 1st of January and the 1st of July. This quarter obviously ended with the 1st of January we had a very strong push and we’re able to recognize more revenue within the quarter and as far that push we build out the deferred revenue. 
Ehud Gelblum: So January 1, haven’t you recognized it again in December quarter?
John McAdam : Because contracts end for January, when you’re trying get them renewal before that date and because the terminus some of the units have not been on support for two, three or four months so we get some back dated revenue there at the same time.
Operator: Okay. Next question comes from Kent Schofield with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Kent Schofield: On the million dollar deal idea can you talk a little bit about it’s just seems like you’ve been talking a little bit more about large deals, is this a function of some of the new products, some of the bundling, is this just something that we should think about more going forward in terms of having these larger deals in the mix?
John McAdam : No, we don’t think so, I mean if you look at last fiscal year 2014 we saw a pretty significant rebound in the large million dollar plus deal every single quarter and obviously we saw a bit Q1 ending in December, and having said that we expect to see that rebound given what we’re looking at A, in terms of some of some of that slipped and B, the creation rate that we’ve done over in Q1 which was pretty solid. So we expect the million dollar numbers that strong again in the current quarter.
Kent Schofield: Okay. And if some of that closing the deals from the December quarter -- 
John McAdam : Exactly, some of that and some its new deals with -- I mentioned the pretty strong rate.
Operator: Okay. Next question Brian White, Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open.
Brian White : John, I’m wondering when did the pipeline start to shrink for the quarter? When do you start to see the weakening? Analyst day was obviously pretty upbeat so was this kind of late December phenomenon?
Unidentified Company Representative : The pipeline is self-shrink -- when you start to see deals sweep you actually see the pipeline create, what we saw was the pipelines that we were expecting to close not quite coming in and then slipping at into the next quarter. And that tends to happen towards the end.
Brian White : And could this simply be the phenomenon we’re following up fiscal year ends, we’ve seen this before fiscal year end you overshoot a little bit in the fourth quarter and then it takes away for the next quarter.
John McAdam : And that’s exactly when I said my script is we believe what happened.
Operator: Next question Michael Genovese, MKM Partners. Your line is open. 
Michael Genovese: Great, thanks very much. John in the past, in some of the quarters when the million dollar deals have gone down you’ve talked about that being indictor of macro, but this time you’re really saying it’s seasonality so if you can talk about that why you’re convinced there? And then secondly, is there an element of meeting a little bit of recent year coming a little bit lower, is there any element here of this transition to kind of an on demand software in virtual model, does that play any part in the miss from the quarter?
John McAdam : So, by there were only guidance in the quarter remember and I know that’s not good because we tend to just to be clear. On the first part you’re absolutely right, if you go back 2013 when we saw a fairly precipitous drop in $1 million deal we did talk about macro, more than once in that case and that because when we look at that the forward-looking pipeline wasn’t anything as strong as it is looking today. So we’re seeing here this is a definite scenario in our opinion but we really believe this was more seasonality link than anything. And a piece of fed as well with us clearly some lack of transparency in fed and will know that budget and there was were the two things that we see. But as we look forward we see a stronger pipeline with the higher percentage of factoring in their pipeline, hence was repairing from actual. Second question was? Yes, translation from the software. No, we don’t see that in fact interesting enough these software deals that we see from the virtualization perspective or from an NFD perspective these are big I mean these are actually pretty big deals as customers are feeling a closer application and buying a lot of instances of the virtualization. So maybe overtime we’ll see that but I don’t believe that was indicator this quarter.
Michael Genovese : We just have one follow-up with these large virtualization deals though, is there any change in the competitive landscape, any new competitors that you don’t traditionally see competing for the deals?
Manuel Rivelo: Michael, this is Manny. No, absolutely not, I mean what we’re seeing as we're basically seeing the need depending on being the enterprise or service provider. Of course customers who want to go software are only architectures. In general, there are some newer competitors sometimes in the market but it tends to be the same classic competitors who I have offered a hardware version and the software version.
John McAdam : And remember with these virtualization deals, we have the same concept Good, Better, Best we have modules we have all the competitive functionality we have we have in this software side as well.
Operator: Next question Bill Choi with Janney. Your line is open.
Bill Choi: So on the larger deals again I guess, I am curious because there are so many things happening between hardware moving to also support virtual editions, timed with SDN, your product becoming more softer, again how much of this might be more products specific, the deal getting more complex. It does seem like the lot of new technology to think about and Cisco did have some weakness in its billings for the October quarter guys like VMware also had some choppy bookings, so I am curious as you look the complexity of products can you really attribute any of that to the complexity?
John McAdam : Really I don’t think we can and I just don’t think we can. It’s based what the deals that they have we understand them. They’re very similar because what we have in Q4 or we had a massive crucial with large deals, and we don’t see any changes in that landscape whatsoever.
Bill Choi: And one of the factors that impacts growth rate was -- you’ve refreshed all of your product line little over a year ago so last year we enjoyed quite a bit of acceleration in growth rate with coming off of tough comp, are you seeing any impact from just the pent up demand maybe that was created from the product cycle and to things slowing down after people went ahead and did the refreshes, any thoughts on that as a driver?
John McAdam: You know, we thought but and if you look at the drivers and it's look through them again just to summarize but obviously product refresh we talked about there. It was a low hanging fruit at the beginning, it’s not quite yet at the moment probably, do we still have a very large installed base of products that we can refresh absolutely. So I think that area obviously 1200 with SSL capability I think is clearly at one point a product but it sells its capability that’s a pretty good opportunity to refresh as well. But the big drivers of security was a firewall that we talk about at ASM with I think the wise solution and DDoS on premise and off premise. And then the service provider we feel very good with the drivers there from an NFD from a security perspective TCP optimization. We still feel good about ACE I mentioned of what we’re going to do there. And the FDN partnerships and in general the cloud movement I think is a growth possibility for us. So product refresh probably to some degree but we still think has a big opportunity there.
Bill Choi: Okay last question given the growth in pipeline partly the new creation as well as deals slipping, with your guidance that product growth rate is continue to decelerate to somewhere near high-single digits when you look at your guidance, how do you get this back up and what isn’t the guidance for the March quarter better just given the buildup of the million dollar plus project? Thank you.
John McAdam : Historically last quarter you need to be careful with that because it’s always beginning of the financial year for our companies, and we’re assuming, I hope relatively conservative growth rates in the pipeline and we’ll see what takes us.
Operator: Okay next question Subu Subrahmanyan, The Juda Group. Your line is open.
Subu Subrahmanyan: Two questions first on the service provider side, if you could talk about given the CapEx backdrop you certainly have some wins and share gain opportunities so how do you think about the service providers vertical for this year as you expected to grow us a percentage of revenues in fiscal ’14? And then in the virtualization side, I certainly here you John that the deals are large but if you do a comparison with the architectural changes, if you had sold all hardware and senses as you might have few years ago versus a mix of hardware and software, what that is doing to the overall dollar value of the deals and also the profitability of the deal that would be helpful?
Manuel Rivelo: Subrahmanyan, this is Manny. I am going to answer the service provider. On the service provider there are four major drivers that I think we talked more about them definitely in John’s prepared comments, which is consolidation across the Board from a service provider point of view and that consolidation of services predominately traffic-steering services, care-giving that services and some of other services in there that were consolidating type of environment, that reduces CapEx really for many of the operators throughout there because they’re going from multivendor to single vendor. Second major driver we have a security which is also something we can overlay on that same footprint again through a consolidation point of view, but we call it out as a separate driver because of just the impact from the side associated with that, but there is NFV and the NFV footprint that we’re seeing out there which are still early proof of concepts to some degree and we are in various proofs of concepts across the world. Was trying to see some of those pan outs and that’s what happened in this past quarter and why we got a big bump, also on our software sales. And the last is the LTE of the mobility movement going to 4G networks which we’ve been feeding in the customer environment for the last two years. And was trying to see there also from a driver perspective is that these networks get deployed, get expected usage volume goes up new devices are being enabled meaning additional mobile handset. But also new devices from the perspective of the internet of things that we’re going to see additional software license there. So those are predominately the four major drivers and those are usually either tackling the CapEx line from a consolidation point of view, or the monetization line from something along the perspective of LTE and being able to bring on new services to the market.
John McAdam : And on eventualization say the things which I think the space in [indiscernible] that I get to answer again to a similar question which was basically first of all these are still number. I mean this is still a relatively small market versus overall ADC market. But the deals that we’re seeing are pretty large in nature and we need to market exactly to see the demonstrates of is all hardware waste is but I am not sure we see much difference quite frankly. So I don’t think that’s - if you’re looking for exact platform we’re half in terms of gain to lower end we don’t think so.
Manuel Rivelo: And just to add one more comment any get on the software side that we see is we see an expansion of the application needs in the market segment. But I mean by that is historically a handful of applications in the typical enterprise and service provider got the ADC services because there was harder deploy much more complex. As we move toward a much more software based architecture when you see is a broader set of applications getting these services got things to do apply to those services in the environment. So it’s actually to a large degree and expansion in the market.
Operator: Next question from Brent Bracelin, Pacific Crest Securities. Your line is open.
Brent Bracelin: Thanks two quick follow up if I could. On the million dollar deals if you look across the broader enterprise we’ve actually seen a trend toward and you did as well up and saw this quarter, an increasing number of larger deals that closed. Do you think what you saw on December was company specific or do you think there were other factors here at play?
John McAdam : That’s a really hard one we don’t know the answer to that right. We just don’t do the answer I think as more company announced that there may be some more news here. I certainly wouldn’t call that’s why we’re not calling as my crew either quite frankly. The other side of the coin is that create rate that we had is probably the biggest create rate we see is not the biggest and certainly one of the biggest. I am talking about large deals, so table tell and tell us whether it’s a bigger issue or not.
Brent Bracelin: Then the follow up question is back to software and as we kind of compare contrast the software growth rate versus your reported product growth rate it was 44% software growth rate this quarter versus 10% product growth. If I look at your Analyst Day you’re talking about I think 41% security software growth rate versus 17% product growth rate. So there is a widening gap their between some of the growth in software versus product to appliance overall. Why shouldn’t we expect slightly more tempered growth going forward with the mix shift to software given the trends over the last couple quarters? And frankly now given some announcements around new products where you’re going to be pricing those products on a subscription basis.
John McAdam : I think if you take a medium to long term due that’s correct, that is absolutely correct you’re going to see is selling more and more software we’ve done that now and we push the salesforce to do that, that’s is a competitive edged is obviously very, very possible. We think when migrate in terms of BIG-IQ orchestration for managing software across close and close across data center et cetera. So you will see that I don’t think it’s going to be a complete revolutionary process I think it’s going to be evolutionary. If you look at the -- it’s interesting if you look at GI firewall opportunities the software content in that quarter is very significant. But still is a obviously the hardware content because it need to call this significant amount of traffic either on the detail side of things or just in pure mobile traffic firewall protection. So I think the trends is going to be there but to pick one quarter from Q4 to Q1 and say that's a trend would be very dangerous. We don't believe that.
Operator: Next question James Faucette Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
James Faucette: Thank you very much. Most of my questions have been answered so I want to dig a little bit just around more of the edges if you will. First wondering if you could talk a little bit about what you think what’s happening in Japan and APAC, you called out that Japan was a little bit below your forecast. And then conversely what you think was going right and EMEA in particular with weakness of the Euro seems like that could have been subject to a little more weakness than what you saw in I guess there is a follow up to that is there going to be a point at which you feel like to have to reprise products for that market. And how should we take that into account? 
John McAdam : Let me start with EMEA because that’s an easier one. EMEA in my opinion is tremendous execution and we have great management their they’ve been covering their territory really well, selling big deals, selling a software capabilities, internally always had a very strong leaning towards security and very [indiscernible]. So I think we are talking execution. I think in Japan it is different, Japan still tend to go for a smaller type products, where quite competitive there and spending a lot time trying to get direct business app, direct touch I should say still with part of the direct touch. We made some progress but it’s pretty slow and general economy is quite slow. Then APAC we have been doing some changes, some management changes. We actually feel good about the trajectory APAC is on. 
James Faucette : So, back to your looking forward is, you feel like you are going to I know for a lot of other vendors they had to or they asked their retailers and buyers to absorb some of the impact of the depreciating euro. But wondering if you feel like you are going to have to change pricing into that market and how take that into account or are you going to be alloy basically effectively price increases to those customers?
John McAdam : Historically when we’ve seen fluctuations in currency because we U.S. dollars principally in EMEA and we have been able to navigate that working with the partners and the resellers conversely they benefit at times when it’s gone the other way. So I am not sure we would have to fairly do a change in price strategy from that, but we will as we execute to the quarters take that into consideration as we look at deals and work with the partners and resellers to close business. 
John Eldridge: Excuse for interrupting this is John Eldridge we are going to take two more questions and then wrap it up. 
Operator: Catharine Trebnick, Dougherty & Company. Your line is open. 
Catharine Trebnick : Can we go back to the service provider for a minute. And any of the NFC, are you see it just to get more color around this. You said proof of concept have you deployed? Has there been any deployment with NFC et cetera. And then the follow on question has to do with the enterprise spending. So first if we get out some color on NFC with carriers. 
Andy Reinland: So yes on the NFC side we have close to 2000 proof of concepts throughout the world just to give you a size of the magnitude of the transactions and those across all of the theaters. The wins that we recently seen which varied across two of the theaters are predominantly security related wins where we are taking our security products from a software perspective and introducing inside that environment. Obviously they expand beyond security, they also are traffic steering type of deployments, but they are going into the concept of beginning to consolidate services on a virtual EPC, and lot of the providers are moving in that direction fairly quickly. So we are doing well in the environment. We are integrating our stock with lots of different SPN providers in the market segment and that gives us a lot of flexibility to work with those operators.  So its early days but we are seeing a lot of good momentum a lot of good traction and proof of concepts are going favorable. 
Operator: Last question then from Tim Long, BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open. 
Tim Long: I will try to sneak two in here if I could. First on the Good, Better, Best, I just have an update there you talked a little bit in the past we know the Best option is doing well. Could you talk little bit about the metrics there, how broadly is it through the sales force now is it fully everywhere? How many deals is it influencing? Are we still seeing growth from that or we starting to reach a more full penetration? And then the second one John I think you mentioned something about factoring the largest deals little bit more into next quarter, I guess part of that is conservatism. But I am just curious if given the uncertain macro are you also as a team factoring in the rest of the business, the sub $100 million deals more than normal as well in the guidance?
John McAdam : So on the Good, Better, Best. The metrics are very similar. I mentioned still gravitating greatly towards Best. In fact I think this quarter even higher in terms of a percentage towards Best. And if you look at where we are in the process, North America of the Houston, and they have been pretty aggressive in selling that, we started in a couple of quarters later when the quarters one to two quarters later seeing EMEA starting but if more room to do the job. And then APAC and Japan and particular so tend to lag a little bit with making changes like that. So we expect that to start to rave up in the future as well.  In terms of the factoring, actually when we do our factoring we do intend to just factor by size of deal. We look at the overall factor, we look at the fact of timeline and we look at close expectation. So that tends us to runway across the low deals up to the high deals as well. 
John McAdam : Okay, thank you very much for turning in. And we look forward to talking with you again next quarter. 
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude the call for today. You may disconnect your phone lines at this time.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-10-29 16:30:00) =====
Executives: John Eldridge -  Andy Reinland - Chief Finance Officer and Executive Vice President John McAdam - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Manuel F. Rivelo - Executive Vice President of Security and Strategic Solutions Karl D. Triebes - Chief Technical Officer and Executive Vice President of Product Development Edward Julian Eames - Executive Vice President of Business Operations Thomas David Feringa - Executive Vice President of Worldwide Sales
Analysts: Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Pierre Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Catharine Anne Trebnick - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division Brent A. Bracelin - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Vlad Rom - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Erik Suppiger - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division William H. Choi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Tal Liani - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Georgios Kyriakopoulos - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Jess L. Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5 Networks Fourth Quarter 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Also, today's conference is being recorded. If you have objections, please disconnect at this time. I'd now like to turn the call over to John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Eldridge: Thank you, Brian, and welcome, all of you, to our conference call for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2014. John McAdam, President and CEO; and Andy Reinland, Executive VP and CFO, will be the speakers on today's call. Other members of our exec team are also on hand to answer questions following John and Andy's prepared comments. If you have any follow-up questions after the call, please direct them to me at (206) 272-6571. A copy of today's press release is available on our website. In addition, you can access an archived version of today's live webcast from the Events Calendar page of our website through January 21. From 4:30 p.m. today until 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time, October 30, you can also listen to a telephone replay at (866) 491-2915 or (203) 369-1722. During today's call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our quarterly release and described in detail on our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. Before we begin, I want to remind you that we are holding our 2014 Analyst Investor Meeting at the Sofitel Hotel in New York on Thursday, November 13. If you plan to attend the meeting, you can register online from the link on our IR Events Calendar entry for November 13. Now I will turn the call over to Andy Reinland.
Andy Reinland: Thank you, John. In my prepared remarks today, I will first discuss our results for the fourth quarter and the fiscal year ended September 30, then I will provide guidance for the current quarter, and finally, outline our general planning assumptions and expectations for fiscal year 2015. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, we saw continued momentum with our key drivers, with solid results for both revenue and earnings. Revenue of $465.3 million was above our guided range of $453 million to $463 million, up 6% from the prior quarter and 18% from the fourth quarter a year ago. GAAP EPS was $1.26 per share, above our guided range of $1.15 to $1.18 per share. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.57 also exceeded our guidance of $1.46 to $1.49 per share. Q4 product revenue of $255.5 million, up 8% from Q3 and 20% from the fourth quarter of last year, represented 55% of revenue. Service revenue of $209.8 million increased 3% sequentially, 15% year-over-year and accounted for 45% of revenue. On a regional basis, the Americas grew 16% year-over-year and represented 59% of revenue. EMEA grew 22% year-over-year and accounted for 22% of overall revenue. APAC, which accounted for 14% of revenue, increased 25% year-over-year. And Japan, at 5% of revenue, grew 4% from a year ago. Enterprise customers represented 67% of Q4 total sales. Service providers accounted for 19% and government sales were 13%, including 7% from U.S. Federal. During the quarter, we have 3 greater than 10% distributors: Westcon, which accounted for 16.9% of total revenue; Ingram Micro, which accounted for 16.3%; and Avnet at 14%. Continuing down the income statement. GAAP gross margin in Q4 was 82.4%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 83.5%. GAAP operating expenses of $235.8 million were within our $232 million to $240 million guided range. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $212.8 million. Our GAAP operating margin in Q4 was 31.7% and non-GAAP operating margin was 37.8%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 37.2% and our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 34.5%, in line with our forecast. Turning to the balance sheet. In Q4, we generated $170 million in cash flow from operations, which contributed to cash and investments totaling $1.13 billion at year-end. For all of fiscal 2014, cash flow from operations totaled $549 million. DSO was 47 days. Inventory at the end of the quarter was $24.5 million. Deferred revenue increased 20% year-over-year to $636.7 million. In Q4, we repurchased approximately 1.32 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $113.21 per share for a total of $150 million. Approximately $331 million remains authorized under the current share repurchase program. During the quarter, we added 90 employees, ending the year with approximately 3,835 full-time employees. For the fiscal year, we added 480 employees, an increase of 14%. For the full year, with a strong close to our fiscal year, F5 exited 2014 with record top line and bottom line results, reflecting solid year-over-year revenue and earnings growth. Revenue for all fiscal 2014 was $1.73 billion, up 16.9% from fiscal 2013. Product revenue of $936.1 million was up 17.2% from the prior year and accounted for 54% of total revenue. Service revenue of $795.9 million grew 16.6% during the year and represented 46% of the total. GAAP net income for fiscal 2014 was $311.2 million or $4.09 per share. Non-GAAP net income was $413 million or $5.43 per share. Moving on to our guidance for Q1 and our fiscal year '15 outlook. Entering fiscal 2015, we are encouraged by the strength of our enterprise business, growing demand for our security products, the success of our Good, Better, Best bundles in driving larger deals, and broader adoption of our solutions. We continue to drive our leadership position in cloud with strong and maturing partnerships with industry leaders such as Cisco, HP, Microsoft and VMware, and accelerating growth of our Virtual Edition product set. In addition, we continue to win large deals in service providers with both our traditional traffic-steering solutions and telco-specific offerings such as Policy Enforcement Manager, CGNAT, and Traffix Diameter products. We also plan to formally roll out Versafe and Defense.Net as subscription services to our sales force during the current quarter. And we believe these new security offerings will meaningfully expand our addressable market opportunity. On the strength of these ongoing drivers and incremental solutions, we anticipate another year of solid growth and profitability in fiscal 2015. In preparing our Q1 guidance, we have factored in typical seasonality that we see with the start of a new fiscal year and common with peers in the tech industry. With this in mind, for the first quarter of fiscal 2015, we are targeting revenue in a range of $460 million to $470 million. We expect GAAP gross margins in the 82% range, including approximately $3 million of stock-based compensation expense and $2.7 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. Non-GAAP gross margins are anticipated at or around 83.5%. We estimate GAAP operating expense of $245 million to $253 million, including approximately $28 million of stock-based compensation expense and $0.5 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. We anticipate a GAAP effective tax rate of 38.5% for the quarter and a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 35.5%. Our Q1 GAAP earnings target is $1.10 to $1.13 per share. Our non-GAAP earnings target is $1.46 to $1.49 per share. We believe we will generate cash flow from operations in excess of $180 million, and we plan to increase our headcount by approximately 100 to 125 employees during the quarter. Looking out to the year ahead, our general planning assumptions and expectations for the year are as follows. We believe with our expanding product portfolio, growing customer awareness and adoption of Synthesis architecture, our partnerships with key players in the emerging SDN market and assuming no material impact to the industry from broader macro issues, we will drive year-over-year product revenue growth throughout fiscal 2015. We also expect to see, from the base of Q1, sequential growth in our business with a traditionally strong second half of the fiscal year. We anticipate that non-GAAP gross margins will remain in the 83% to 84% range. With our expectations of revenue for fiscal '15, we anticipate continued investment in our business to drive top line growth. As such, we expect non-GAAP operating margins to trend in a similar fashion to fiscal year '14, in the mid-30s range for the first half of the year and increasing through the second half. Capital expenditures are expected to range from $6 million to $12 million per quarter for ongoing infrastructure investments. We also anticipate additional CapEx of $15 million to $20 million in the second half of the year, with expansions of our facilities in both San Jose and Tel Aviv expected to come online in the summer of 2015. We expect stock compensation to increase in Q2 $5 million to $7 million, and then remain roughly at Q2 levels through the rest of the year. And finally, assuming the R&D tax credit is not extended during fiscal 2015, we expect our effective tax rates to average approximately 38.5% on a GAAP basis and 35.5% on a non-GAAP basis for the year. As John mentioned, our Analyst Investor Meeting will be November 13. We hope you can join us as our executive team presents the company's strategy and go-to-market plans for F5. With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
John McAdam: Thanks, Andy, and good afternoon, everyone. I am sure that you all have seen the announcement regarding my decision to retire at the end of fiscal 2015 that was sent out today. I just wanted to say a few words about my decision, and then we will move on to the business in hand. It was a really difficult decision. I'll be 64 years old in February. And when I retire at the end of the fiscal year, I will be approaching the 65-year milestone. Just be clear, this was a personal decision that my wife and I agreed to, and frankly, was made harder by my profound affection for F5, our business and the F5 team. You will hear me repeat this in my quarterly remarks, but I feel really excited about the prospects open to F5 in the future, and my decision was in no way related to any negative business considerations. F5 has an awesome array of bench strength in the executive team and throughout the entire organization. My focus for 2015 is simple: number one, deliver world-class business results every quarter; and number two, work closely with our board to have a smooth and effective transition plan for my successor. Okay. Let's move on to talk about our business. I'll take a few minutes to discuss F5's performance in fiscal 2014, talk in more detail about our Q4 results, and then comment on our outlook and the exciting opportunities we see going into fiscal 2015. I was very pleased with our overall performance in fiscal 2014. The F5 team delivered overall revenue growth of 17%. This growth was split equally between Services and product growth, both at 17%. We also delivered world-class operating margins each quarter, including a non-GAAP operating margin of 37.8% in the final quarter of the year. We exited fiscal 2014 with a stellar balance sheet, with over $1.1 billion in cash and investments, having purchased $651 million of our common stock during the year. We increased our headcount by 480, ending the year with 3,835 employees. There were many highlights in fiscal 2014. Our security solutions are driving a significant number of sales wins, including many multimillion-dollar transactions. Approximately 36% of our total product sales last year included one or more security products, and this represents 41% growth over fiscal 2013. We added significant functionality to our web application firewall and access solutions, ASM and APM, and we expect to see continuing demand for these products as the complexity and sophistication of application attacks continue. There is clearly an urgent and growing requirement for customers to protect their applications in on-premise data centers and in private and public clouds. Fiscal 2014 was a forceful year of sales of our traditional firewall solution, ASM. ASM sales have grown significantly in the year, and we have won several large transactions where we replaced the incumbent competitive solutions. Project wins have included both data center firewall solutions and Gi firewall solutions with Tier 1 service providers. Our Gi firewalls are situated between a service provider's mobile network -- radio network and the Internet, and is ideal for protecting subscribers from complex attacks, such as large DDoS threats. We also significantly expanded our portfolio of subscription security solutions this past year. We added our Secure Web Gateway product, our Versafe anti-malware and anti-phishing subscription service via our Security Operations Centers, and we completed the acquisition of Defense.Net, earning a high-capacity, cloud-based service for protecting data centers from DDoS attacks. These cloud-based protection capabilities are complementary to our on-premise DDoS solution that I referred to earlier. This combination provides our customers with the most comprehensive, hybrid DDoS solution in the market, engineered to absorb the full threat spectrum of DDoS attacks. Although we have seen customer orders already for both the new cloud-based DDoS service and the anti- malware and phishing solutions, we have yet to formally release these solutions to our global sales force and partner channel. We plan to introduce these additional solutions next week at our international sales conference, along with training programs and sales collateral. The team also delivered a strong performance in the service provider market last year. I already mentioned the opportunity we have with our security products in the service provider market, especially with our Gi firewall solution. We also saw increased traction with our Policy Enforcement module, PEM, which provides integrated subscriber and application awareness, traffic steering, reporting and policy enforcement. Another area where we have seen good success in the year with service providers comes from our unique capability with TCP protocol optimization. We introduced 7 specific optimizations last year in the TMOS Vancouver and Alpine releases. These optimizations improve TCP performance when the network is experiencing packet loss and/or network congestion, typically caused by the explosion of mobile data traffic. This allows for significant cost savings by the mobile service provider, as well as providing a faster service to subscribers. Although the functionality is targeted to LTE and 4G applications, it also helps improve general data center performance, especially within virtualized data centers, where virtualized applications can burst traffic at rates exceeding 10 gigabits per second. We have also made significant progress with our Traffix Diameter solutions for LTE rollouts. Our competitive win rate is very high and we now have approximately 40 projects currently in production, with several other projects in process. In addition, I would like to point out that we now have Tier 1 service provider production wins in all theaters. These projects can be complex and very mission-critical, and we expect our focus in the next few months to be concentrated on project delivery and project rollout. We've made great progress with the product refresh opportunity throughout the year. The feedback from both existing customers and new prospects has been excellent, and I believe this opportunity will continue throughout fiscal 2015. Our installed base currently includes over 75,000 systems that have been installed for 3 years or more, approximately 40% of the installed base, which is clearly a good refresh opportunity. Another highlight last year was our progress and increasing traction with software sales, including software modules running on TMOS and software-only Virtual Edition solutions. Both our software attach rate and our Virtual Edition sales have increased steadily throughout the year. Customer reaction to Good, Better, Best -- the Good, Better, Best sales strategy has been fantastic, and I will give some specific deal details in Q4 GBB sales when I talk about our Q4 performance. Our software-only virtualization solutions continue to gain traction, with annual revenue growth up more than 49% from fiscal 2013. Fiscal 2014 was another great year for extending our technology leadership. I already mentioned the new cloud-based DDoS service, the new anti-malware and phishing solutions and the Secure Web Gateway product. We also introduced DDI integration with our APM access solution for VMware Horizon. We released BIG-IQ, our new orchestration and management platform, with 3 modules for cloud bursting, security and device management. And we delivered significant cloud and SDN integration with VMware, Cisco, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, Alcatel-Lucent and OpenStack. In addition, we introduced over 300 major new features across 2 major releases of TMOS. We achieved significant enhancements with our VE performance, with 10 gigabits per second available for most hypervisors. And we introduced the next-generation iControl on BIG-IP using REST to support software-defined data center and cloud-based architectures. We also added a first-ever 2U 2-slot chassis as an entry-level VIPRION product. I believe our competitive position and technology leadership is as strong as it's ever been. A good example of our competitive strength is demonstrated by our success in the Cisco ACE replacement opportunity, with another solid year of revenue from new customer ACE replacements and solid growth from existing replacements for additional sales in areas like security. We believe that our total replacements to date account for significantly less than 50% of the ACE installed base, and we expect the opportunity to continue throughout 2015 and beyond. Our Services business delivered strong performance consistently throughout fiscal 2014 and contributed to be a significant profit -- and continued to be a significant profit and revenue growth contributor, while maintaining customer satisfaction at world-class levels. The attach rate of service to product sales continued to improve, and we once again experienced excellent renewal rates. We also continue to grow our consulting business, with increase -- which increases customer satisfaction and drives additional product revenues. Perhaps the most exciting achievement in 2014 is how we have positioned ourselves to take advantage of the potentially revolutionary and disruptive trends currently facing the technology industry. These include the accelerating adoption of public and private clouds and SDN architectures, the explosion of mobile data and LTE rollouts, complex global security threats and software-defined everything. I believe that the progress we have made with our Synthesis architecture, our technology partner ecosystem and SDN partnerships, our move into open cloud and subscription services, combined with our new pricing and business models, all combined, position us strongly for the future. Synthesis allows our customers and partners to build future-proof architectures that support on-premise solutions with the opportunity to scale to private or public clouds, as requirements dictate. As far as Q4 is concerned, I was very happy with the performance. From a sales perspective, we saw year-over-year growth in all our major regions, with especially strong results in EMEA and North America and good improvement in Asia Pacific and Japan. We also saw a marked increase in larger deals, especially million-dollar-plus deals during the quarter, both sequentially and year-over-year. We continued to experience strong momentum with our Good, Better, Best sales most [ph] in Q4, with customer adoption continuing to be very strong in the Best category. Our Services business delivered another strong quarter with a solid increase in deferred revenue, which now totals $637 million. Lastly, we are very proud to have been positioned as a leader in the Magic Quadrant for Application Delivery Controllers for 8 consecutive years. As far as the outlook is concerned, Andy stated our guidance range for Q1 and the expectations we have for sequential growth throughout fiscal 2015. We have a world-class sales force, who are efficient and motivated to drive business in the final quarter of the year, and Q4 was no exception. As usual, this leads to seasonality in Q1, which is normal in the technology market and in line with our peers. As I have mentioned several times, we believe the business drivers we have experienced in fiscal 2014 hold firm in fiscal 2015. In addition, some of the new business drivers that are subscription-based, such as Versafe anti-malware solutions and our cloud-based DDoS service, will pay dividends in a phased approach throughout the year and in the future. I believe we are uniquely well-positioned to take advantage of the significant market trends which are occurring today, and we intend to continue investing throughout the year to take advantage of these exciting opportunities. I'd like to take this opportunity to thank the entire F5 team and our partners for their tremendous efforts last year, and I look forward to their continued support for fiscal 2015. And with that, we'll now hand over the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ittai Kidron, Oppenheimer.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: John, congratulations on your decision. I had a couple of questions. First for you, John, with regards to the succession plan. Do you have any view on whether the next year will be from within or without the company? And second question for you, Andy, on the service provider side for 3 quarters in a row, flat to down sequentially. Clearly, you have some big opportunities and you're making some good traction there. Can you give us a little bit more color on what's not working so well? It seems like there's no growth in that business. And what's kind of holding this back?
John McAdam: Yes, okay. This is John. Succession planning, as I mentioned, is clearly a top priority for the board and myself, as I mentioned in the beginning of my delivery. We are absolutely -- and I want to be very, very clear on this. I'm also very, very committed to delivering world-class quarters during the year as well. But clearly, succession planning is a top priority. I mentioned that we've got tremendous bench strength in F5 right now. So you can draw your own conclusions from that. But what we're going to do with the board is we're going to be focused on this subject, we're going to do it properly, it's going to be smooth, it's going to be professional, and I feel pretty comfortable with that. That's really all that I'm going to say on that subject right now.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Very good. And now the service provider?
Andy Reinland: Yes, so we've talked a lot about in the service provider space, so we see it as being a lumpy business for us. We still feel good about the pipeline. We feel good about what we're seeing, but clearly, we're not hitting that 20% to 25% kind of target that we talk about. But I wouldn't call out anything that I think -- maybe just softer spending, but nothing specific that I could call out relative to us and our experience with service providers that I'd highlight is something to worry about.
John McAdam: Yes, in fact, I mean, I think the -- we're pretty excited. I am, and so is the service provider team, about the TCP optimization stuff that we've done during the year. I wouldn't underestimate that opportunity. Basically for heavy traffic, it's a great money-saver for the -- and increases the quality for the service providers. Traffix, we feel really good about. I did mention, however, that this -- the short term, and that's probably towards the end of this year. We're very focused on making sure these big, pretty significant, complex projects we're working on with Tier 1 people goes smoothly. So that's going to be our main focus, but you'll start to see that ramp again, I'm pretty sure, as we move into the calendar 2015. And then security, security is a big one. I mean, we're starting to see traction with the Gi firewall. We've still got a lot of POCs, proof of concepts, going on. We've had orders, million-dollar-plus orders on that, and that could be very big for us. So I think there's a whole bunch of things going on there. And PEM, I mentioned, the traction in that as well.
Manuel F. Rivelo: And this is Manny. The only thing I would add to that is a lot of the footprints that we're going into are new footprints, and that means that they take long proof of concepts. John highlighted all of those. They're inserting ourselves into critical components of the network beyond the traditional traffic steering. And simultaneous with that, what we're seeing for service providers, and we are doing dozens of proof of concepts right now, is a movement to network function virtualization. So we're starting to see that also. So obviously, service providers are going through a massive transformation. Our technology is critical because it continues to drive more towards subscriber and application awareness, and movement from hardware to software or a mix of hardware and software to NFV. So that's going to take a little bit of time, but we're really excited with the progress across the board, everything that John and Andy mentioned.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: So Manny, does that mean you do not expect an inflection point necessarily in the service provider this year? It could take a little bit longer before all this work just starts delivering?
John McAdam: There's no way we would say that. I think that'll be prudent not to say that. It is lumpy. If we hit it off with the Gi firewall, that could be interesting.
Operator: Next question from Pierre Ferragu, Bernstein.
Pierre Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: On the security front, you mentioned that as being like a very important driver for growth today. And I'd really like to understand how you see your position in the market evolving and who you actually compete with. So I know it's kind of like a question you've had very often, and it's kind of a silly question, but I still don't understand whether your clients, when they look for a security solution, consider you guys as well as they would consider like a traditional security player, like a Palo Alto, or if you guys actually sell security as an additional feature on your platform, but you don't really face traditional firewall players in competitive bids.
John McAdam: Yes, this is John. I'll just take a minute, and I think Manny and Karl can give you much more detail. The key to understand us is our position in the data center and our strength there. So most of our security solutions -- and we have access solutions as well to the mobile devices. But the key to understanding our strength is, a, we're all about the application, we're really well-placed in the data center and we have massive performance advantages. So with that, maybe Karl and Manny could give you more detail.
Karl D. Triebes: Yes, I'll start. This is Karl. Yes, John tried. Our focus has been the application. I mean, that started when we acquired Magnifire 10 years ago to focus on web application firewalling. And with that, we integrated that as part of our BIG-IP portfolio because we needed -- we wanted the scalability, and we've significantly added to its capabilities along the line, but the focus has been on the application. Then we added things like APM for doing things like remote access, single sign-on, build the front-end applications. And the more general discussion around security is that because we sit in the data center, and because we interact at the transactional level, we're a proxy and we're able to see both sides of the transaction, both from the client and back from the server, and understand the context of the application, we can imply -- we can apply intelligence to that connection that other security devices can't do, such as like a Palo Alto, which sits at the perimeter, which is doing distinctly different types of security services, whereas, we're focused, again, back at the application tier. There's other things that we do there as well. For example, now, we acquired Versafe to provide antifraud services. Again, because we're involved with the transactions, with the fraud -- in between the client and the server, we're able to form a trusted connection with the client dynamically and then send certain conditions and then prevent and detect these different conditions as part of that. And so our focus on security has been effectively preventing attacks against applications. Now we're extending our footprint in the data center, meaning providing other types of security, and you'll see more of that. We're advancing our DDoS capabilities. We're looking at ways to provide risk assessment, other advanced analytics as part of that, and we'll extend from there.
Manuel F. Rivelo: Yes, and this is Manny. I'll just add a couple more things to that because I think it was well-covered. The other stuff that's really important to note is that we also view the new -- there's a new perimeter in most enterprises. The perimeter, which was classically the Internet boundary wall, is no longer the case because we have devices that we bring into the corporate environment. So we're doing a lot of work around identity being the new perimeter and the way users access into the network. That's a very large growing business for us. It's our APM business. And the last piece I'll point out is as an ADC, we not only provide security services, we provide availability services and acceleration services, all simultaneously. So that gives us a very strong foothold into these accounts because we're not providing 3 separate devices to secure, accelerate and make an application highly available. We simultaneously provide that based on contextualization of the user accessing the application. So that's really been our strategy and it's taking hold in the market segment.
Operator: Next question from Catharine Trebnick, Dougherty Networks.
Catharine Anne Trebnick - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division: This, I guess, is for Manny and Karl. Could you tell me roughly how many different use cases you would see in the different operators? I think that would help with -- because you're getting a lot of traction with Traffix and PEM, but like let's take a Tier 1 operator versus a Tier 2 operator. And how many different use cases would they use of F5 today versus maybe perhaps a year ago?
Manuel F. Rivelo: Well, Catharine, it's Manny. It's hard to -- I don't have year-on-year comparisons. So it's hard to give you that, but I'll show you when we -- on 2 weeks, when we're over at the Analyst Conference, I'll show you 11 use cases that we're selling aggressively into service providers this year. I'd have to go back and tell you how many we're doing last year. But above and beyond that, what we're seeing with service providers is not only the standard use cases we sell around TCP optimization, firewall security, application security, the list goes on and on, but we're also seeing service providers use the extensibility of our product, the openness of the platform, allowing them to program the platform to solve their unique application, traffic-steering problems and/or application problems inside that environment. And that's the power of iRules, iApps, et cetera. So it's hard to put your finger on it because we quite often get going in solving some of their application challenges when other products can't, and that's because of the capability. In addition to that, we're seeing huge momentum with them, as I said, on NFV and VEs as we go across the board. So I'll share more of that with you in 2 weeks, and you could see a slide that has the actual use cases that we're going out aggressively after.
Operator: The next question, Brent Bracelin, Pacific Crest Securities.
Brent A. Bracelin - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: John, I also wish you the best on your pending retirement here. It's certainly been an impressive run as you kind of built this from a $100 million business to a company that looks like it's well on its way to a $2 billion company. You certainly will be missed. Two questions for me. One, John, in light of mixed results across the networking space, I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the pipeline visibility going into the December quarter this year versus last year. Do you see anything kind of abnormal? Or the mixed results that you're seeing across some of your peers is something maybe perhaps you're not seeing? Any color there would be helpful.
John McAdam: Yes. No, no, I don't see anything abnormal. I mean, as I was saying, we have a pretty good sales force, and they know what Q4 is all about. They have accelerated and they're focused. They have a sales club and they drive Q4 business. So normally, and the emphasis on normally, you will always see that the pipeline goes down somewhat because they close so much business, and that's the same as it was last year. But in terms of our like-for-like, we're seeing growth opportunities across the board and these drivers we've talked about.
Brent A. Bracelin - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's certainly helpful. And then, Andy, a quick question for you around Services. I know we have the drag of slower product growth a year ago, dragging overall Services down. But as we think about the slowdown here to 14%, 15% growth this quarter, do you think this is kind of the low watermark and we should stabilize here? Or what's the visibility into the Services maintenance business? And when do you think that could start to reaccelerate?
Andy Reinland: Yes. I mean, the expectation is clearly for it to flatten out this year. I mean, we've come through the last 3 quarters of 20% product growth sequentially. That's going to create that pull. So every expectation is we'll see that start to trend more positively this fiscal.
John McAdam: And then from a visibility point, if you -- frankly, it's pretty good.
Andy Reinland: Yes, with the deferred revenue that we have, well over $600 million. Over 75% of that is current. So that gives us a good anchor when we do our analysis on the coming year.
Operator: Next question comes from Vlad Rom, Crédit Suisse.
Vlad Rom - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Andy, just a quick question on the guidance. So if you look at it, and you assume a little bit of deceleration on the Services line, it looks like product seasonality is perhaps more towards the low end of historic performance, just in terms of the guidance. How would -- how should we be thinking about the puts and takes embedded in the guidance? So kind of the security, sounds like it's a positive, potential rollouts on the service provider side, but can you talk about the puts and takes? And then, also, a follow-on question on the Virtual Edition. If you're seeing any potential dilution in terms of revenue with the acceleration in that product?
Andy Reinland: Yes, so we actually don't normally comment prospectively between products and service in our guidance. We pretty much let it stand. I'd go back to our comments on seasonality. When you're looking at year-over-year, if you go back and look at our guidance from a year ago relative to our results and messaging, I think you'll see similar analysis. And as John said, we're not seeing much different -- distinctly different from a year ago, and I'll leave it at that. And VE?
John McAdam: Yes, we are not seeing a dilution at all with the VE-type solutions. They tend to be very different from an architecture nature. They tend to be very horizontal in design. And typically, we're seeing some really big ones as well. I mean, there was an extremely big one in the federal space, for example, last quarter. And that -- when I say big, I usually mean more than $1 million. And they're solutions that we probably wouldn't actually be involved in, if it was pure appliance-type sales. So we're not seeing much of that at all. Maybe over time, we will, but certainly not anytime soon.
Operator: Next question, Erik Suppiger, JMP Securities.
Erik Suppiger - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: First off, congratulations, John, on your decision. Best of luck. First off, I'm curious on the web app firewall. Do you think that you're taking share in that market? Or can you comment a little bit on some of the competitive dynamics that you've seen in that market over the last, say, over the course of this year?
John McAdam: Yes. Manny?
Manuel F. Rivelo: Yes. So yes, we feel very comfortable that we're taking share in that market segment. We just actually had a -- NSS Labs, who ran a large test on our firewall relative to everybody else's firewall, and we scored incredibly well on that. We're also seeing huge traction from our customer base across the deployment of web application firewall. And I think what you'll see is in the future us also putting our web application firewall out into the cloud. As we continue to expand our cloud-based solutions, bring that out. That will give us a full portfolio of services on-prem as well as the services in the cloud. So we feel really comfortable. We have great technology, great performance and a very, very low false positive score, which is really important in the sense that we don't see a lot of noise on the network. We actually see real vulnerabilities.
John McAdam: We think the WAP solution is -- I mean, it's going to be great for on-premise, and it will stay that way for a long, long time with all the policies it can do to protect the apps. As a service, we think it's got great potential. Julian's organization is working aggressively on that to provide it as a service. We'll have it in this fiscal year. And I don't know if you want to say anything about that Julian?
Edward Julian Eames: So we're targeting April with an upside of trying get it ready for February, but April's the plan. And with the DDoS service in front of that, we'll announce that next week. And we've opened all the data centers, so we're ready to take orders on that as well.
John McAdam: So this is -- because I know these are scripted, but I think Julian indeed say February. Now having said that, it's going to be during the year. We're not going to -- I don't want to be too specific. But very fast.
Erik Suppiger - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: How's the win rate on that, on the web app firewall? Has that changed much during the course of this fiscal year?
John McAdam: Yes, I'd say it's the same. I mean, we do check the competitive runway and it's high, but I don't know the answer to that, Erik.
Manuel F. Rivelo: I mean, it's been -- Erik, this is Manny. It's been high always, as John pointed out. We haven't seen any material difference in that. If we don't see an account, we could lose it, of course. And the other place that we've had a couple of losses over the course of the last couple of years is when a customer doesn't want to deploy it on-prem, but instead wants to deploy it in the cloud, right? And that's part of the driver also to put our solution in the cloud. So absolutely not. At this point in time, I would say it's the same as it's been historically for us.
John McAdam: And the only thing is that GBB, one of the main differentiators between GBB as Best versus Best -- and one of the mains, it's not the only one, is ASM, the WAP solution. So we will take a look at this. And when we talk in 2 weeks' time, we'll maybe give you some more data.
Erik Suppiger - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Okay. One other quick question on the server market. Does the end of support for Microsoft's Windows 2003, does that play much of a role in terms of your demand drivers? Is there much of a refresh cycle coming over the remainder of the support contracts there?
Karl D. Triebes: This is Karl. I don't think there's a big impact there because, largely, we're not tied to a specific operating system. And with the movement to the cloud, with the rise of Linux, with other things that are going out there with VMware and other things, I think we're more closely correlated to that than we are a specific operating system or anything around that because we haven't seen anything to date.
Operator: Next question from Bill Choi with Janney.
William H. Choi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: John, also, congratulations. It's been quite a run over the 15 years. I guess, I wanted to get your -- some sense of what you mean by, I guess, strive for world-class quarterly performance. Beginning of last year, you certainly set your #1 priority in accelerating product growth. Any way to tie this back into the product growth perspective?
John McAdam: Well, yes. So we -- one of the things we do every year in the company, and we'll be rolling it out actually tomorrow, but we have something called the vital queue, and we have a number of -- many are actions that we want to do, for example, SDN partnerships, and you could probably guess a number of them. And then we normally have some financial goals as well. And obviously, just because I'm going to talk about one goal doesn't mean we want to be -- don't want the other goals to increase. But the main focus for this year, again, is product growth. That's always #1 for us.
William H. Choi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And you're starting to partner with Cisco. That was a profound change in your relationship. I want to also get a sense of how much you're benefiting from that relationship. If you could give any sense of how big your channel partnerships have gotten? What kind of ACE replacements you've already had? Any color on that would be great.
John McAdam: Well, yes, the ACE replacement has been extremely significant through the year, very, very strong. And we haven't got specific revenue numbers to give you, but they're very, very strong. The number of add-ons to existing ACE replacements is in the millions, quite often it's a Fortune 500 organization. So we feel very good about that. Every QBR, quarterly business review, one of the things that we ask the sales management to talk about is the relationship with our partners like Cisco and VMware, Hewlett-Packard and Microsoft, companies like that. Because our whole goal is not just about ACE, it's all about partnering with these companies. So it's a win-win, and they gain something from the relationship, and so do we. And the progress in that, with the companies I just mentioned, has been pretty significant.
William H. Choi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Isn't that -- that's where your larger deals are coming from?
John McAdam: Yes, a lot of it is influenced by that type of business. Not all of it, but a lot of it.
Manuel F. Rivelo: This is Manny. Just to add to that. John mentioned some of the key networking companies there, HP, Cisco, VMware and Microsoft. We've integrated with all of those companies our Synthesis architecture, our software-defined application services, Layer 4 through 7, with their SDN technology stacks. So obviously, where VMware would be something like NSX; with Cisco, it would be more of their ACI, APIC infrastructure; HVN with Microsoft, et cetera. But we've gone beyond that in those partnerships, in those integrations in the sense that with certain partnerships, we're also integrating with their security stacks, with their cloud stacks, and we have joint go-to-market and channel motions across the board. So the ecosystem there is broad and the ecosystem there has actual go-to-market activity associated with that. So yes, we should expect continued growth in those relationships throughout the year.
William H. Choi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Can you quantify the channel base, I guess, for the year?
John McAdam: No, I don't think we'll qualify that -- quantify. But we will, by the way, talk in a lot more detail. And Eldridge just reminded me here, in 2 weeks' time. That is a specific. Again, the topic is what we're doing with these partners. You will hear a lot more about it with some interesting use cases.
John Eldridge: Okay. This is John Eldridge. We're going to take 3 more questions, and then we're going to wrap it up.
Operator: Next question from Tal Liani, Bank of America.
Tal Liani - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: The service -- in the 5 of the last 6 quarters, product growth was stronger than service growth, which is always -- or sometimes, it's a sign that service growth accelerates over the next few quarters. So can you speak about the dynamics of Services versus products? And should the stronger product growth be a leading indicator for acceleration of Services or not? Just the puts and takes there.
Edward Julian Eames: Tal, this is Julian. There is a relationship. It can span over 3 quarters to 4 quarters depending on where the product has been sold, whether it's refresh or not. But I think you see the indicator of it in the deferred balance that's grown by 20% and 22% in the last 2 quarters.
Tal Liani - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So does it mean that when you look at next year and the following year, I mean, without the timeframe and without the numbers, but it means that you're looking for service growth to accelerate if I just interpret your comment?
Edward Julian Eames: We think we're on the bottom now, and we'll start to see an increase as the reflection of that additional product sales comes in as layers on top of the service sales.
Tal Liani - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Any reason for the recurring revenue growth as a percentage of sales to also increase outside of the normal services growth?
Edward Julian Eames: Can you say that again?
John McAdam: [indiscernible] you're talking about or...
Tal Liani - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So any outside of -- I'm asking if when we go to cloud and we go to different business models of service model -- or sorry, software model instead of appliance model, there is also a question about recurring revenues. And I wanted to know what is your outlook for the recurring revenue part? Outside of the maintenance fee that you're getting on appliances, what do you think will happen to recurring revenue part of your business?
Andy Reinland: Yes, so we talked about just in next week, we're going to be launching 2 subscription services with Defense.Net and Versafe. We also have Secure Web Gateway. We think we'll see -- probably later in the year, we'll see sales as we launch this out, but that's going to go into deferred revenues. So you're probably going to see over time where that becomes -- breaking that out becomes more of an important metric on deferred subscription revenue.
John McAdam: And similarly, if we meet our goals in WAF and ASM, you're going to see exactly the same.
Andy Reinland: Yes.
Operator: Okay. Next question from Georgios Kyriakopoulos from SunTrust.
Georgios Kyriakopoulos - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: John, on the Cisco ACE opportunity, you mentioned that less than 50% of the installed base has been replaced. Can you talk about the typical incremental opportunity beyond load balancing?
John McAdam: Again, we will talk about that in a couple of weeks' time in a lot more detail. But we've looked to what we believe, from a market share and historical perspective, what the kind of installed base is. And we believe it's -- you're going to get more data on this. I don't want to be too specific. You're going to see much more than $1 billion, $1.5 billion, probably near that number. We think -- I say 50%. We actually think it's a lot less than 50% that's been covered so far. So we think the opportunity is way more than 50% still out there remaining. And we'll give you more details in that when we meet with you in a couple of weeks.
Operator: Okay. Next question, Jess Lubert, Wells Fargo Securities.
Jess L. Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions, maybe first for Andy. With the possible exception of the December quarter, is it fair to assume you'd expect product sales to grow sequentially through the upcoming year?
Andy Reinland: Yes, and I said that in my prepared remarks. But yes, we do.
Jess L. Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then federal picked up in the quarter, so I was hoping you could talk about what you saw in the market, how you expect federal business to progress. And to what degree that was just a function of some fiscal year-end buying? If there is reason to believe that we should see continued growth as we go into fiscal '15 in federal?
John McAdam: Dave can answer -- give you some more flavor on what we've done in federal. But remember, that was Q4 of course, just ending September. So by definition, that's always been the best growth for us, of course. So we really expect our federal business to be down in this coming quarter, as it always is, just so we're clear. But Dave, do you want to talk about Q4?
Thomas David Feringa: I think in Q4, I mean, I think we had a very solid quarter in federal. We actually, towards the end of the quarter, we thought it had a potential to be even larger, but we saw a couple of things. First of all, our business in the civilian and in the intelligence side of federal has been very, very strong, lots of growth and investments. And certainly, our solutions not only around ADC, but around security and cloud, are doing very, very well. In Department of Defense, we're certainly seeing a pullback. Obviously, our activities in Iraq and Afghanistan are being pulled back. And so Department of Defense is definitely pulling back. But even with that, we're seeing a lot of opportunities going into this year. So we're very bullish on this year. We think intelligence will continue to be a huge driver for us. As Department of Defense and other agencies start to going to cloud and start looking at more efficient ways of delivering services, we think that's going to play very, very well with our strategy. So like the team, I've got a very good team, very, very solid outlook in fed this year.
Jess L. Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then last one for me, but Grantley-based servers are now in the market. Can you help us understand to what degree the availability of these platforms might drive some incremental customer requirements or refresh activity for some of your products?
Karl D. Triebes: Yes, I mean, the Grantleys add significant performance. As you know, we have a pretty tight relationship with Intel, so we understand pretty far in advance what's coming and what are the specifics of these processors. In fact, we leverage a lot of their technology, as you know, in our products. But in terms of adoption, I mean, yes, it will improve performance, it allows you to run more virtual servers, you can run more applications, you can concentrate more drives, more traffic into the network, and that's all good for us. And what I think it really speaks to is efficiency of the systems on the back end. Because really what's driving the traffic, it's not just server speeds, but it's actually things that are happening on -- with mobile devices and what's happening outside the perimeter of the data center, right, that's driving these trends. So it just makes it more efficient. But yes, we expect that, that helps our case in the data center, if you will.
Andy Reinland: Jess, I wanted to clarify one element to your question that you asked. I didn't hear when you asked about the sequential growth that you were asking specifically about product, and we normally don't guide product. My comments were the total revenue, we expect to see sequential growth. So I just wanted to make that clear.
Jess L. Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: You don't expect sequential product growth for the year?
Andy Reinland: I didn't say that. It's just specifically what I thought you were asking and what I was answering was based on what we normally give, which is...
John McAdam: We don't normally give that data, and we're still not.
John Eldridge: All right. Thank you all very much for joining us, and I hope you -- all of you can find a way to attend our Analyst Investor Meeting on the 13th of November. I look forward to seeing you there. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude the call for today. You may disconnect your phone lines at this time.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-07-23 16:30:00) =====
Executives: John Eldridge - Director of Investor Relations John McAdam - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Andy Reinland - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Dave Feringa - Executive Vice President - Worldwide Sales Karl Triebes - Executive Vice President - Product Development, Chief Technical Officer Manny Rivelo - Executive Vice President - Strategic Solutions
Analysts: Ben Reitzes - Barclays Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank Mark Kelleher - D.A. Davidson Troy Jensen - Piper Matt Robison - Wunderlich Securities Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup Jeff Kvaal - Northland James Faucette - Morgan Stanley Rohit Chopra - Buckingham Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the F5 Networks third quarter 2014 financial results conference call. At this time, all parties will be in listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion. Also, today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Eldridge: Thank you, Angie, and thank you to all of you for joining our call. Welcome. On today's call John McAdam, President and CEO, Andy Reinland, Chief Financial Officer will be the principal. Other members of our executive team are here to answer any of questions following the prepared comments. If you have follow-up questions after the call, please direct them to me at 206-272-6571. If you haven't seen a copy of today's press release, you can pull one down from our website at f5.com. In addition, you can access an archived version of today's live webcast from the Events calendar page of our website through October 29. From 4.30 p.m. today until 5 p.m. Pacific Time, July 24, you can also listen to a telephone replay at 800-391-9853 or 203-369-3269. During today's call, the discussion will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our quarterly release and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. Now I would like to turn the call over to Andy Reinland.
Andy Reinland: Thank you, John. The third quarter of fiscal 2014 was a quarter of solid revenue growth and profitability driven by strong uptake of our expanding array of systems and application services. In particular, demand for our security solutions was a key driver of product revenue growth and sales of our Good, Better, Best bundled solutions weighted heavily toward Best continued to grow ahead of our expectations. Revenue in Q3 increased 5% from the prior quarter and 19% year-over-year to $440.3 million, above our guided range of $428 million to $438 million. GAAP EPS of $1.05 per share was above our guided range of $0.99 to $1.02 per share. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.39 per share also exceeded our guided range of $1.33 to $1.36 per share. Product revenue of $236.9 million, grew 5% sequentially and 20% year-over-year and accounted for 54% of total revenue. Service revenue of $203.5 million increased 4% sequentially, 17% year-over-year and represented 46% of total revenue. The Americas region accounted for 57% of total revenue during the quarter. EMEA contributed 23%, APAC 15% and Japan 5%. On a year-over-year basis, Americas revenue grew 17%, EMEA revenue 33% and APAC revenue 17%. Japan revenue was down 3% year-over-year. Enterprise customers represented 68% of total sales during the quarter, service providers accounted for 20% and government sales were 12%, including 3% from U.S. Federal. In Q3, we had three greater than 10% distributors, Ingram Micro, which represented 18.3% of total revenue, Westcon which accounted for 14.8% and Avnet, which accounted for 13.2%. Our GAAP gross margin in Q3 was 82%. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 83.2% GAAP operating expenses were $234.7 million, within our guided range of $228 million to $236 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $206 million. GAAP operating margin was 28.6%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 36.4%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for Q3 was 37.6%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 35.2%. Turning to the balance sheet. Cash flow from operations was $138 million. After repurchasing approximately 1.45 million shares of our common stock for a total of $150.5 million, we ended the quarter with $1.12 billion in cash and investments. $481 million remains authorized under the share repurchase program. DSO at the end of Q3 was 50 days. Inventories were $23.1 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $5.5 million. Deferred revenue increased 19% year-over-year to $617.4 million. We ended the quarter with 3,745 employees, an increase of 110 from the prior quarter. With continuing strength in sales of our security solutions and Good, Better, Best bundling options, momentum with Cisco ACE replacement opportunities and a general trend toward broader adoption of our full solution portfolio by large enterprises, service providers and government customers, we anticipate a strong close to our fiscal year. With that in mind, our revenue target for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014 is $453 million to $463 million. GAAP gross margin is anticipated to remain in the 82% range, including approximately $3.5 million of stock-based compensation expense and $2.7 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. Non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be at or around 83.5%. We anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of $232 million to $240 million. This includes approximately $23.5 million of stock-based compensation expense and $0.5 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. For Q4, we are forecasting a GAAP effective tax rate of 38% and a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 35.5%. Our GAAP EPS target is $1.15 to $1.18 per share. Our non-GAAP EPS target is $1.46 to $1.49 per share. We plan to increase our headcount by 125 to 150 employees in the current quarter. We estimate DSO will be in the 50 day range. We expect inventory levels within a range $23 million to $26 million and we believe our cash flow from operations will be at or around $150 million. With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
John McAdam: Thanks, Andy, and good afternoon, everyone. I was very pleased with our performance in Q3. Revenue growth from both services and products was very solid with strong sequential and year-over-year growth in both cases. I was particularly pleased with our year-over-year product revenue growth of 20%. From a sales perspective, the Americas, EMEA and APAC all recorded double-digit year-over-year sales bookings growth. However, sales in our Japan region was down versus last year due to a number of significant orders slipping into Q4. Our services business delivered another solid quarter with 17% year-over-year revenue growth and once again added a healthy 19% increase to our deferred revenue balance, which now stands at $670 million. We continue to experience strong momentum with our Good, Better, Best sales motion in Q3, with customer adoption continuing to be very strong in the Best category, highlighting the successes we are seeing with our security solutions. Q3 was our first two quarter-over-quarter comparison of sales of GBB bundles and I was really pleased to see sales of GBB bundles up 49% sequentially with 73% buying Best. Sales of GBB bundles now account for a very material percentage of our overall quarterly sales. Our security business continues to be our large growth driver with strong sales across the securities solutions portfolio including ASM, APM and AFM. We also started to win sales of our new Secure Web Gateway solution last quarter. Cisco ACE replacement opportunities were another strong business driver last quarter. As we have seen in previous quarters, customers continue to take the opportunity to add functionality, for example, our ASM and/or our AFM security modules when they implement the new F5 solutions. Also, our competitive win rate on these engagements is extremely high with win rates above 90%. In fact, we saw a rise in competitive win rates across the board last quarter as our sales force and partners leveraged our product technology leadership, our GBB pricing and our Synthesis architecture with the unmatched depth of our security and application optimization services functionality. We closed the acquisition of Defense.Net last quarter. This acquisition increases our growing security solutions portfolio with cloud-based security services for protecting data centers and Internet applications from distributed denial of service, DDoS, attacks. Defense.Net's high-capacity cloud service is complementary to F5s existing on premise DDoS protection capabilities. The combination provides customers with the most comprehensive hybrid DDoS solution, engineered to absorb the full threat spectrum of DDoS attacks. In the service provider market, we are seeing good traction with our integrated service provider solutions. For example, we are seeing project wins of our new policy enforcement module, PEM, to provide traffic steering and policy-based enforcement. Also we are making good progress with our GI firewall consolidation strategy and we believe this to be a very large opportunity in the service provider customer base. We continue to see new project wins to our Traffix Diameter solution, including a new Tier 1 service provider in Europe, which involved a new used case for Wi-Fi offload. In Q3, we introduced hourly utility licenses on Amazon Web Services AWS. We now have two offerings inside of AWS. Customers can now deployed the F5 BIG-IP platform in the AWS cloud utilizing either their own license via Bring Your Own License or they can hourly licenses on AWS marketplace. Both models cover a wide spectrum of customer needs, allowing us to serve our current enterprise customer requests as well as the needs of new smaller customers. Both offerings have adopted our Good, Better, Best pricing models. I am very excited about our technology direction and proposed deliverables on our product roadmap in the short, medium and longer term. Our product roadmap priorities align well with the trends in the main areas of our business focus. You will see F5 continue to introduce significant enhancements and world leading technology in our key areas of focus, security, service providers and mobility, the cloud and software defined data center architectures, F5 solutions as a service and management and orchestration. We will be delivering another major revision of TMOS in the near future known internally as our Alpine release. The TMOS Alpine release includes approximately 124 new features with over 50 new features for security. Examples of new security functionality includes good integration of our Versafe module on BIG-IP for native deployment of WebSafe anti-fraud and detection services. Centralized management support for ASM and BIG-IQ, more GI firewall support for AFM, including significant new centralized management capabilities and BIG-IQ. Security to support extremely large customer deployments with larger rulesets and significant new DDoS capabilities, including over 100 vectors in hardware with new capabilities such as behavioral analysis. Alpine will also include a new REST API for our ASM web application firewall. The REST API support for ASM allows operators such as enterprises and service provider to provision and scale vast services from the cloud. Alpine will also include significant features focused on our service provider market, including new message based traffic steering capabilities, allowing BIG-IP to natively steer and process SIP and Diameter traffic. Additional enhancements to our new policy enforcement module for fixed line use cases, as well as PEM and Traffix SDC integration. New carrier grade NAT features, including new iRules-based capabilities for additional programmability and flexibility and powerful enhancements to TCP optimization functionality giving service provider significant increases in functionality for optimizing their ever-growing traffic workload. The Alpine release will also include significant features for SDDC and cloud architectures, including integrated support for Cisco ACI, VMware NSX SDN, Microsoft System Center Virtual Machine Manager, and OpenStack plug-in for the Neutron (Load-Balancing-as-a-Service module. We are making great progress with our SDN partnerships and I believe that these partnerships will prove to be significant business drivers for us in 2015. As far as the outlook is concerned, Andy indicated that we expect to deliver to a sequential and year-over-year growth this quarter. The drivers of our business remain robust as we enter the final quarter of fiscal 2014. We experienced a very strong increase in our new business pipeline in Q3 up significantly from last year which should bode well for Q4 and fiscal 2015. Our Synthesis architecture for software defined application services provides F5 with the opportunity to play a very strategic role as customers continue to strive for competitive advantage and maximum agility by moving to new technology architectures. Also our portfolio of application products and cloud services continues to expand aggressively, which in turn expands our addressable market and increases the types of revenue streams available to our sales force and partner channel. As Andy mentioned earlier, we are planning to invest for growth in the business moving forward. Our intentions are to continue hiring in Q4 with the target of 125 net adds to the F5 team. We will also be making infrastructure investments in additional data centers and security operation centers to ensure growth in our cloud-based opportunities, including Defense.Net, Versafe and general F5 as a service solutions. As I stated earlier, I believe F5 is in a really good position to take advantage of industry trends and customer requirements. In conclusion, I would like to thank the entire F5 team, our partners and customers for their support last quarter. And with that, we will now hand the call over for Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). The first question comes from Ben Reitzes from Barclays. Your line is open.
Ben Reitzes - Barclays: Yes, hi. Could you talk a little bit about, as Cisco's rolling out ACI, what your go-to-market situation is like? And if you are seeing a pickup there in the pipeline of those related sales around ACE and whatnot? And then also if you could just comment on Federal and carrier verticals? What are the trends there? We have noticed Federal picking up with some folks. Thanks a lot.
John McAdam: Okay. Regarding the Cisco and ACI, and if I take -- this comment I am going to make actually apply to the VMware with NSX as well and with both those organizations we are deeply involved in integration at the product development level right now and we feel good with the progress in that. And we are actually starting to train our sales force in both solutions, but also on sales by sales territory scenario meeting up with our counterparts and making sure that our go-to-market is absolutely optimizing. Maybe Dave Feringa would want to comment more on it.
Dave Feringa: Yes, I would say across all three theaters worldwide, we are seeing great engagement with both Cisco and with VMware and a number of large opportunities. The one thing, I think, is really encouraging is it's happening organically. There is not a lot of push from the executive management for it to happen. The sales people themselves are seeing the opportunity to work together and we are seeing a lot of great longer momentum in that business and we think it is going to be great for us over the next year or so.
John McAdam: Yes, and on the vertical, first of all, Federal, I mean, it was typically a little bit lower from a revenue percentage this quarter. However, actually sales bookings were higher than that. So we feel reasonably good about Federal moving into the final quarter. We expect it to be pretty solid actually. We love the team there and it was actually a (inaudible) through the pipeline and the forecast and that feels quite strong. So we will see what happens there. On telco, it's pretty similar. I mean, you are going to see that lumpiness. It was at 20% this quarter. It has been as high as 27%. We tend to look at it in the 20% to 25%. It is still very project oriented and the thing I did say on my prepared remarks were, we will start to see some nice progress with new solutions like the policy enforcement module linking in with the SDC Traffix solution there as well. And so, they are both, that and finance are really our strongest verticals moving forward.
Ben Reitzes - Barclays: That's great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Brian Modoff from Deutsche Bank, your line is open.
John McAdam: Hello.
Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank: Can you hear me okay?
John McAdam: We just heard you there, Brian.
Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. So anyway, in terms of the new product release, can you talk about what features are going to be the key to the customers in terms of what their demands are? And how do you expect that to affect hardware loading in demand on terms of people meaning to upgrade their boxes to accommodate some of these new features, particularly around the telcos? Thanks.
Karl Triebes: Sure. Hi, Brian. This is Karl. It's a big release, and it's pretty broad, and basically we are significant enhancements across the board for security, service provider, our cloud products or our core markets products. And so in terms of loading and the impact it might have in terms of customers and CPU, I think you are referring to that, as you turn on more functions you can use more system resources. And so I don't know that the features would have that big of an impact. I think the packaging and with Good, Better, Best and how this is being taken to market probably has more of an impact, because the customers now are consuming a much greater number of our services across the board. So especially service provider, for example, we have introduced a lot capabilities around GI firewall to make that work better for them (inaudible) features there. So we would expect that to uptake, but the performance that we have in that product is still quite a bit off the charts. Now PEM uses quite a bit of functionality in the platform. It does things like classification. It's enforcing policies. It's doing bandwidth limiting. It's doing a lot of traffic steering capabilities. So depending how that's leveraged, that can use a number resources as well and encourage people that use it to go for our bigger platform, like the eight slot VIPRION or the four slot larger one. So I think there is just a lot of opportunity there. We have introduced a lot of new enhancements to PEM. We are classifying over 750 protocols and applications, both web-based and non-web-based. And so it's quite a large set of capabilities and differentiated capabilities there. John, is there is anything you want to add?
John McAdam: I will just add from my perspective, Brian. It's not quite answering the question, but the thing that excites me about the Alpine release, if you listen to some of the story that I did in the prepared remarks, is that we have really focused a lot of the functionality on the real growth drivers that we are seeing right now, like security, like Solutions as a Service, taking the Versafe acquisition and putting into TMOS as a module. We have a long history of that. It has been a very successful technique for us. We are certain we are doing well there. I think Manny, you can highlight.
Manny Rivelo: Yes. The only thing I would add, Brian, to that because you asked specifically about service providers and we are seeing it and this is predominantly -- we are seeing it across the globe, but the use case, I will talk about it, is predominantly right now in Asia where as we have enhanced the feature functionality for those service providers. They are actually telling us that based on the Internet traffic growth, because now we have strategic point of control in those service provider network that they want to see not only faster interfaces, but actually faster even boxes. Whether we cluster those boxes or we actually build faster boxes, they are absolutely right. As consume more services, the need is there for higher performance, both on the throughput level as well as the connection levels and really if the growth that's happening with mobile that's driving that innovation, if you will, in the service provider arena. So we are well positioned there.
Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Mark Kelleher from D.A. Davidson, your line is open.
Mark Kelleher - D.A. Davidson: Great. Thanks for taking the question. I was wondering if you could give some more detail on the geographic breakout. Japan, down 3%. You said orders were slipping. Is that a competitive situation. I know one of your competitors is strong there. Or is that a macro? And then to flip that, EMEA very strong, up 33%. What's driving that? Is that macro? Is that specific deals? Thanks.
John McAdam: Yes, I think that's a fair question regarding the competitive scenario. We don't have enough details on the actual -- what really happened in Japan apart from the fact we know that a few fairly large deals, and actually large, I mean, multimillion dollar type opportunities did slip. So that was the biggest reason. Having said that, A10 have done well competitively in Japan and we will what our win rate is there as we look in more detail. But the main message is elsewhere. Our competitive win rate has gone up pretty significantly this quarter against everybody. In the Americas, we looked at on Monday and we saw a fairly material rise in percentage wins. So Japan, I don't know, but maybe they are the one outlier there, they do tend to focus, by the way, in Japan on lower end products. So we will see. But overall, we feel really good about competitive position.
Mark Kelleher - D.A. Davidson: And EMEA? Was that --
John McAdam: EMEA has been solid for us for a while now. We are making a lot of progress there. David, do you want to comment specifically on this?
Dave Feringa: I would say one thing, the EMA team has done a really good. They have been leaders with our security solutions for quite a while and they have really been driving it to our customers and I think that's been one of the reasons we have been driven up growth in EMEA at a really nice clip.
Mark Kelleher - D.A. Davidson: Okay. That's all I got. Thanks.
John McAdam: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Troy Jensen from Piper, your line is open.
Troy Jensen - Piper: Yes. Congrats on the nice quarter, gentlemen.
John McAdam: Thank you.
Troy Jensen - Piper: A quick one here for John. John, I know over the past year you talked about the number one company objective was accelerating product growth. You clearly achieved this. Bu the comps started to get harder from here. So just curious to know if there is any type of a product growth rate that you are targeting going forward? Or it's something we can benchmark into? And then I have a follow-up for Andy.
John McAdam: This is another one where I am smiling here. We knew we would be asked this question. We are very, very focused in product growth. Product growth is what makes the world go around and companies like ourselves, and we are very focused in doing that. We are not going to give any forward statements. We have given you -- you have got the guidance we have given for Q4 and you can make up your mind in that. We would say the pipeline, I did say the pipeline, we did a new business pipeline. It was very significant, the create rate last quarter it was. So that makes us feel good, but we are not going to give any actual numbers. Another indication, typically, of our confidence is our hiring and you can see that we want to go on a fairly aggressive hiring focus in the next quarter as well.
Troy Jensen - Piper: Perfect, and that goes into my follow-up here, maybe for Andy. Both of you guys have talked about investing for growth. So can you just about implications on operating margins? Do you expect to see much deterioration or modest what the spending there?
Andy Reinland: If you line up the guidance that we have, I think you will see that for Q4, we will see a little more strengthening in the op margin for the quarter. And next quarter, we will talk, on the October call, where we give guidance for the year, but what I would expect is for us to pretty much outline an operating margin year like we saw this year. But again, that's, if we are seeing the revenue growth, we are going to keep investing to drive the top line and that's going to be the focus.
Troy Jensen - Piper: All right. Understood. Good luck going forward, guys.
John McAdam: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Matt Robison from Wunderlich Securities, your line is open.
Matt Robison - Wunderlich Securities: I was wondering if you could help us understand, characterize the age of the installed base you are replacing these days? And maybe talk a little bit about the security market adjacencies that we can expect with Alpine or any other near-term product releases?
John McAdam: Right, and Matt, I don't know if it was on previous calls or in webcast, I have given information at certain point where we were on the installed base with installations greater than two years, three years, and five years and above. And these are significant numbers. I don't have them to hand right now. But what we will make a point of doing is next public event, we get a chance to do that, we will give out that information. The reason I am saying that is, there is still a long way to go on the product refresh. I know that. I just can't give you exact numbers in terms of the greater than three installed base because it tends to be pretty significant, something because there is redeployment that goes on as they do the refresh. But in terms of, do I feel that the product refresh capability is still a year or two years more, two years plus in it, I think it really has. What's going to drive that is extra functionality as well, but we will try and get that data at the next public event.
Matt Robison - Wunderlich Securities: Nice to hear you have got such visibility in what's left to do. What about the adjacencies?
John McAdam: Yes, I mentioned it's our biggest driver. We continue to add functionality to it in terms of the solution portfolio. DDoS, I think, is going to be very big for us with our differentiated hybrid solution of on-premise and now with Defense.Net, we think we got a great decision there. By the way within just over a week of the DDoS acquisition, we started to see orders coming in for we were actually approached. So I don't want to get too carried away on this one, but we did see that at the beginning of it. We were actually balancing in fact how aggressively we bring that to market with the resources that Julian and his service team that are going to drive this, putting in place. But I think that's going to be good for next year. And then you have things like what we are doing with GI firewall. There is whole load of what's going on in security, specifically.
Karl Triebes: This is Karl. I would jus add a couple of things. With integration of WebSafe from Versafe into BIG-IP, that simplifies our anti-fraud deployments and we actually have a mobile application as well, that we are in the process of integrating as part of that. So we will be able to address both traditional PC-based access as well as mobile as we go forward. That simplifies that. GI firewall, as John said, is big because we have massive scalability but we are also shortly releasing extensive new capabilities on our management platform that give us centralized management for both firewall as well as for our web application firewall. So now it makes it much easier for large service providers to off and deploy these services and there's native capabilities there. So those are just a few examples, as John said.
John McAdam: The other, I am not sure I would call it as adjacent, but I guess to some degree it's an adjacent scenario, but we really believe with the progress we are making with our SDN partnerships, that could be very, very profound, is a word I have used quite often about this in terms of being a growth driver going into next year as well.
Matt Robison - Wunderlich Securities: Is the outbound and application firewalls fitting there with any of the stuff?
Karl Triebes: For outbound, we have our access policy manager with our Secure Web Gateway integration as part of that. So that's a portion of that outbound used case if you look at. We are actually integrating identity as part of our firewall solutions. So we are actually using the identity components that we have in our access policy manager to allow security policy not just based on application, but user and endpoint as part of that and actually endpoint application as well. So that opens up additional use cases. We are not trying to go head-to-head, say, like with the traditional next-generation firewall from, say, like Palo Alto or somebody like that. It's more inbound user and application focused.
Matt Robison - Wunderlich Securities: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Ehud Gelblum from Citigroup, your line is open.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup: Hey, thanks, guys. I appreciate it. A couple of questions. First of all, I know you don't give the technology vertical anymore. You stopped doing that a few quarters ago. But if you were to isolate the Web 2.0 type players out there from the other service providers and the other types of customers, is there anything you can give us a sense as to kind of what their activity level is doing? Are they accelerating in line with what we are seeing out of your topline or stronger? And then on Versafe, now that you have got a couple of NOCs up and running, it actually has real OpEx associated with it as opposed to some of your other product, where it has COGS but not sales, et cetera or OpEx, but there is actual real OpEx in operating the Versafe operation. I was wondering, is it breakeven yet and where do you expect it to, obviously, integrating it into Alpine should provide a huge boost for it? Where do expect it to go? So I am trying to get a sense as to where it is now, where do you expect it to go and if we can look at it from a profitability perspective with respect to its ongoing cost and the return on that, that would be helpful.
John McAdam: Yes, this is John, Ehud. Let me answer the Versafe and I will pass the vertical to Andy, although I will help on that before I do. On Versafe, absolutely we are investing in this right now. It's absolutely not at breakeven because we haven't unleashed Versafe yet to the sales force and frankly we will probably do that as we start the fiscal year at the sales conference. It will be a lot easier for us to do that when we have it integrated as a module in TMOS. Having said that, we have taken orders over the last couple quarters. We are building the customer base but we are at really early stages of increasing the investment in the SOCs and therefore obviously that is some OpEx. But I think something I think we are digesting and balancing well and I think it's going to be a nice growth driver for us. Regarding the verticals and I will pass it to Andy, if he want to add more to it but we are not breaking out the technology. That means we don't want to talk about it. We believe it's very similar to enterprise and that's why threw it in there. Because we are talking about companies like large server companies as well as some of the dotcom companies we include that in the vertical. But what I will say is, that's still a strong part of our business and I don't see that changing.
Andy Reinland: And that's exactly what I was going to say. It continues to be a strong vertical for us. We just have chosen the tact of not getting into detail, especially because it's a smaller number of large companies, is the implications to that discussion and that really isn't the makeup of that vertical. It's much more broad than that. So we will stick to the enterprise level.
Karl Triebes: This is Karl again. I was going to say one other thing about Versafe. It's not only interesting with its core business, but the technologies involved in that, we are able to leverage these in other areas. So we are working on some new products for the future that will allow us to have much more advanced capabilities around things like, say, botnet detection. Being able to detect so far DDoS capabilities and do these things like that. Being able to detect things like malware. There is a lot of areas that this technology can take us. We are looking at these and how we might productized some of this as we go forward. We will talk more about this at our November conference.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup: Right. You will talk about it at our conference in September, too. But just to clarify, John, what you said, so it's not breaking even? Or it is breaking even?
John McAdam: Well, it has not breaking even yet.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup: Okay. That's what I thought where you were going with that. Okay. Thank you. So that's the reason, one of the reasons why that is weighing on OpEx or weighing on operating margin right now, why operating margin is in the 36%. Presumably without this, it could have been a point or so higher.
John McAdam: Well, we are not going to say that but the key thing if you look at in operating margin s the hiring we are doing. That has got the biggest effect.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup: Right. Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you.
John McAdam: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Jeff Kvaal from Northland, your line is open.
Jeff Kvaal - Northland: Yes. Thanks very much. I was wondering if you could help us a little bit, talk about how far through the transition is the Good, Better, Best pricing structure that you are. Obviously it's been very successful in your first two-plus quarters out of the gate. It sounds like it's a material percentage of sales. Is this something that's going to be a tailwind for another two quarters? Another two years? How should we think about that?
John McAdam: We will see. As you say, you pointed out, it is two and half quarters, it's not even two and half quarters. Its just over two quarters and we feel really, really happy about the sequential increase this quarter. More importantly, we feel very, very happy about the sway towards the Best choice, which is way above what we modeled. But when we look at it by geography, and I guess this is no surprise, but the Americas is way in front in terms of the percentage that they do. So we would expect EMEA probably to catch up fairly quickly and then APAC and Japan to catch up as well. So that gives definitely, I think, gives us a headwind there. But the enthusiasm in the sales force is very good on this and the customer reaction is very good. So I think it's going to be pretty good momentum, but we don't to day for how many quarters.
Andy Reinland: The other thing that I would add is that we saw our average order size increase again this quarter from 110,000 to 115,000. Still too early to pin that directly on Good, Better, Best alone. I think there's broader momentum in the business that's also adding to that, but still is an element to it.
Manny Rivelo: Yes, and the other thing I would add, Jeff, this is Manny, is although we are in this transition and it's becoming one of our primary selling motions from a licensing perspective, and I think that will increase to John and Andy's point, there is an after effect that we believe will also happen in that, is as customers try the new modules because we are with bundling those modules, they are beginning to deploy those modules, we should see additional footprint. So there is the other effect of more presence in these accounts in new places in the network that we classically have not been in and that's the result of having that functionality and extending that functionality using the software defined application services architecture. So hopefully it will be in the future for a long time.
Jeff Kvaal - Northland: I get it. So the idea, then, is they will be using more modules, and therefore they will require more capacity, and therefore the incremental sale will come there --
John McAdam: Well, also as they test out modules, they will buy more of them.
Jeff Kvaal - Northland: Okay. All right. Thank you, gentlemen, very much.
Operator: James Faucette from Morgan Stanley, your line is open.
James Faucette - Morgan Stanley: Thanks very much. I just had a couple of quick questions related to your business with service providers. We have heard from a few other vendors that service provider has been weak, and just wondering if you have detected anything in that area. Or if particularly your new products are doing so much to mask that, that's hard to detect for you at all? And then secondly, on the service provider opportunity, I think you have said in the past that Traffix alone might be worth as much as $100 million to $200 million. Just wondering if you still feel like that may be the case? And how you are thinking about the size of the service provider market overall?
John McAdam: Yes, and first of all, and we get asked this question a lot, when you get a bit of capital spend in service providers. I just don't think it has a significant material effect. We are still very project driven. We are very driven by traffic being money to own the network and going into the data center. We gain from introducing new technology like our GI firewall and like the PEM area. So that does mitigate that that type of spending was constrained, but I don't think that's a big issue for us. I think it's more project oriented. Regarding Traffix, we have not given out any -- very, very specifically, we have not given out any guidance in terms of what we think the size of that can be. In fact, we have even been asked about the size of the market and you can look at various analyst reports and we don't even comment on that. We are more focused on finding project wins, finding use cases and just growing the business that way. And the other thing about Traffic, just to remind you this is a much more complex sale for us and that includes revenue recognition. It's not just a matter of shipping the product and invoicing the customer and getting the money. It's all about milestones and consultants. So it's a longer sales campaign and a longer implementation campaign. But we are not giving out any numbers in terms of guidance.
James Faucette - Morgan Stanley: Thank you very much.
John Eldridge: Angie, this is John Eldridge. We are going to take two more questions and then end the conference.
Operator: Thank you. Rohit Chopra from Buckingham, your line is open.
Rohit Chopra - Buckingham: Yes, thanks. I just wanted to ask you a question on security, if you don't mind. Just want to come back to Secure Web Gateway and DDoS. John, these are highly competitive markets. They have embedded players. People have been there for years. How do you get material traction there without having an impact, for example, a negative impact on operating margin? If you could just maybe talk about the go-to-market there? And how do you make a bigger splash in that market?
John McAdam: Yes, let me start with DDoS. First of all, we have been very, very successful with DDoS ever since we introduced our AFM module, our general firewall module. In fact our drive into security, apart from the WAF we have had for years, our drive into the firewall space actually started with DDoS attacks, with the whole WikiLeaks business that went on, where a bunch of our customers were attacked regarding the WikiLeaks fiasco and we actually, in our iRules onto our ADC platform to protect them because the firewall couldn't cope with the volume. So long story short, an ADC architecture is ideal for protecting against DDoS attacks. And as I say, our on-premise capability along with our roadmap where we have been putting DDoS protection vectors within FPGAs in the hardware because of the volume, very differentiated. So for us, now to have an off-premise solution is very synergistic. WE have already got a great reputation to be able to offer the hybrid capability. It is frankly an easy sale and was well accepted by the sales force. Although remember my remarks earlier, is that we are making sure we invest appropriately before we unleash the off-premise version on the sales force, but we have already seen orders for it.
Manny Rivelo: Yes, and this is Manny. I will just add maybe a little bit more context around each of them. First, starting with DDoS. There is no question that DDoS, as John says, is something we have been doing for a long, long time. And our on-prem footprint is what's led customers to ask us to be out in the cloud. So the cloud has really been customer driven because they want a hybrid solution to being able to do that. And what drives that is our success on prem, what's driving that is our performance capability on prem. The fact that we continue to do things at wire rate on prem, recall in the Alpine release, we will over 100 DDoS vectors, all done in hardware and then having a hybrid solution to differentiate solution in the market. Nobody really provides a hybrid solution today. They have a service on the cloud or service on prem, not truly a hybrid one. And at Secure Web Gateway, it's a similar set of technologies. Performance is one leadership position we have. We feel very comfortable with the performance we have there relative to anything that's in the market. Obviously we are starting out with an on prem solution. That makes logical sense. By bundling it now as part of GBB, that gives us an advantage. Customers can now test that module and reduce their total cost of ownership while getting the performance benefits that they have out there. And the other piece is more and more of the traffic, that's leaving the enterprise is encrypted. It's leaving out as HTTPS transactions encrypted and customers need high-performance decryption capabilities to be able to inspect that traffic for data loss prevention and things of that nature. So those are some of the value statements, if you will, from just a raw technology point of view that we bring to the table that lead to very promising conversations.
Rohit Chopra - Buckingham: Thanks, John. Thanks, Manny.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Mark Sue from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you. Gentlemen, as we conclude, I just have a question on just the pricing dynamics that we have changed. Intuitively, when we have à la carte pricing that benefits the buyer and when we bundle and the deals gives you the advantage to the seller, now there's a bit of more for your money here with GBB. So the question is, what happens when customers have fully adopted the pricing change? What happens over the longer term? Are we actually front-loading some consumption?
John McAdam: First of all, I am not convinced on the statement you made, Mark, about bundling GBB. I think that actually benefits the buyer in a big way and the actual incentives we have given to make that happened are quite significant, which I think is why it has been so successful. I think the real thing, the real issue is, and we have to make sure we do this, the real issue is to make sure that the customers and the account managers make sure the customers realize the depth of functionality they have, use as much as possible and then that will increase that uses of the functionality. I think that's the real opportunity for us.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: So John, should we think of it as super-sizing and adding the fries and the Coke and the customers actually wait a little longer to come back? Or do they actually consume more?
John McAdam: They tend to consume more. The best example of this and its not really GBB, is the Cisco ACE opportunity, where I mean its being it has been fascinating for us to watch. The initial conversation is, can you place our load balancer. That quickly moves to, we have much more than that, and then that quickly moves to, oh, we are going to install your WAF, I am giving an example here. WAF is a firewall throughout the organization as we look at the whole portfolio.
Manny Rivelo: And Mark, it's Manny. Just a quick comment. This is not and obviously Dave Feringa can talk about this in great detail if we can when we get together in November, but a typical selling motion that can occur as a customer who comes in and I will talk about an ACE replacement who may come in and want to do like-for-like transaction, replace that ACE load balancer with that F5 load balancer because of the market leadership position we have. And once we explain to them the platform and the Delta in value that reside in that platform as it pertains to the additional services, it is not uncommon for me to hear the words, I am not sure where to start. And what that means is how many any issues or problems we can help alleviate for him. Obviously the place to start is just the replacement and to grow from that replacement as we move forward, but that is highly a very typical situation that we see out there and we are exposing with GBB is that additional value making it easy, taking the friction out of that and as a result of that hopefully, customers can realize that value going forward.
John McAdam: And the value includes not just extra functionality that we are talking about but it typically saves the money on their existing deployments in a big way. In other words, taking out 100 firewalls and replacing it by five of those. That type of thing.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: That's real helpful. Okay. Thank you, gentlemen. Good luck.
John McAdam: Thank you.
John Eldridge: Well, thank you all for joining us today and we look forward to another good quarter and we look forward to talking with you all again in a couple of months.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect from the audio portion.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-04-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5 Networks’ Second Quarter 2014 Financial Results Conference Call (Operator Instructions) Also, today's conference is being recorded. If have objections, please disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Eldridge: Thank you Brian, and welcome all of our listeners to our conference call for the second quarter fiscal 2014. John McAdam, President and CEO and Andy Reinland, Exec VP and Chief Financial Officer will be the speakers on today's call. Other members of our executive team are also on hand to answer questions following our prepared comments. If you have any questions after the call, please direct them to me at (206) 272-6571. A copy of today's press release is available on our website at f5.com. In addition, you can access an archive version of today's live webcast from the Events Calendar page of our website, through July 23. From 4:30 p.m. today until 5:00 Pacific time, April 24, you can also listen to a telephone replay at (866) 400-9641 or (203) 369-0546. During today's call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our quarterly release, and described in detail on our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. Now, I'll turn the call over to Andy Reinland.
Andy Reinland: Thank you, John. Fiscal Q2 of 2014 was a quarter of solid execution as customers continue to embrace our solution increased adoption of our new tired pricing model good better best and continued momentum with our security and service provider business. Revenue of $420 million was above our guided range of $408 million to $418 million, an increase of 3% from the prior quarter and 20% year-over-year. GAAP EPS of $0.91 per share was above our $0.87 to $0.90 guidance. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.27 per share also exceeded our guided range of $1.23 to $1.26 per share. Product revenue of $225.1 million grew 3% sequentially and 22% year-over-year representing 54% of total revenue. Service revenue of $194.9 million increase 4% sequentially 18% year-over-year and accounted for 46% of total revenue. Revenue from the America is accounted for 56% of total revenue during the quarter. EMEA contributed 24%, APAC 14%, and Japan 6%. On a year-over-year basis America’s revenue grew 25%; EMEA revenue grew 23%; Japan revenue 17%; APAC revenue was essentially flat. Enterprise customers represent 65% of total sales during the quarter. Service providers accounted for 23% and government sales were 13% including 5% of total sales from U.S. Federal. In Q2, we have three greater than 10% distributors; Ingram Micro, which represented 16.9% of total revenue; Avnet, which accounted for 14.4%; and Westcon, which accounted for 12.3%. Our GAAP gross margin in Q2 was 82%. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 83.4%. GAAP operating expenses were $233.5 million, slightly above our guided range of $226 million to $233 million, a result of strong hiring as we continue to invest in our expanding market opportunities. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $201.5 million. GAAP operating margin was 26.4%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 35.4%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for Q2 was 37.2%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 34.8%. Turning to the balance sheet, cash flow from operations was $82 million, reflecting the large Federal tax payment is normal in our fiscal second quarter. After repurchasing 1.4 million shares of our common stock for a total of $150 million, we ended the quarter with approximately $1.16 billion in cash and investments, approximately $631 million remains authorized under the share repurchase program. DSO at the end of Q2 was 48 days. Inventories were $20.7 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $5.1 million. Deferred revenue increased 20% year-over-year to $587.7 million. We ended the quarter with 3,635 employees, an increase of 115 from the prior quarter. During his prepared comments, John will provide an update on the various business drivers that contributed to our growth in the first half of fiscal 2014. As we entered the back half of the year, we believe these drivers will contribute to continued revenue growth and improving profitability. For the third quarter of fiscal 2014 our revenue target is $428 million to $438 million. GAAP gross margin is anticipated to be in the 82% range, including approximately $4 million of stock-based compensation expense and $2 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. Non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be at or around 83.5%. We anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of $228 million to $236 million. This includes approximately $27.5 million of stock-based compensation expense and $0.3 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. For Q3, we are forecasting a GAAP effective tax rate of 38.5% in a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 35.5%. Our GAAP EPS target is $0.99 to $1.02 per share. Our non-GAAP EPS target is $1.33 to $1.36 per share. We plan to increase our headcount by over a 100 employees in the current quarter. We estimate DSO will be in the high 40-day range. We expect inventory levels within a range of $20 million to $23 million and we believe our cash flow from operations will be at or around $130 million. With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
John McAdam: Thanks, Andy. Good afternoon, everyone. I was very pleased with our performance in Q2. We experienced good year-over-year growth across most of our major focused business areas and the most pleasing metric in the quarter was the 22% year-over-year growth in product revenues. From a sales perspective the Americas, EMEA and Japan all recorded double-digit year-over-year sales booking sales bookings growth. However, sale in Asia Pacific region were flat over last year due mainly to a drop in sales in China. Our services business delivered another solid quarter with 18% year-over-year revenue growth, and added a healthy increase to our deferred revenue balance, which now stands at $588 million. If you recall we introduced our new pricing and tiering strategy Good, Better, Best, in the middle of last quarter. And we were very happy with the customer adoption especially in the Best category. Q2 was our first dual quarter with the GBB go-to-market model. GBB sales were up 83% quarter-on-quarter in Q2 with over 78% buying Best. This is significantly above the original modeling assumptions and this trend, combined with good sales execution with software module sales, resulted in our software revenues reaching a record high in the quarter with software sales in the high percentage of overall revenues ever. We had another solid quarter with sales of our security solutions. Security continues to be the major growth driver of our business was strong sales across the securities solutions portfolio including ASM, APM and AFM. We had two multi million dollars sales wins the quarter for the F5 solutions replaced existing competitors’ solutions. In the financial market, we replaced the incumbent with a very large APM access sales win. And in the service provider vertical a Tier 1 service provider purchased our AFM firewalls to replace their existing traditional data center firewalls. We now have two world-class security operations live and operational in Seattle and Tel Aviv to support a new online security service from our Versafe acquisition. We are starting to see sales wins of the Versafe services which includes state-of-the-art technology for Internet anti-fraud, anti-phishing and anti-malware solutions. And we have a number of large proof-of-concepts underway for these subscription-based services. We also announced our secure Web Gateway solution last quarter. And we are starting to build a pipeline of opportunity for this subscription based service. In February F5 and VMware introduced a high-performance secure access solution for Virtual Desktop and Desktop-as-a-Service. Together, F5 and VMware’s technologies enable organizations to provide a secure experience to the mobile workforce, with the ability to readily and securely access applications wherever they may be all while realizing low-cost and easy deployment. F5 introduced virtual additions of BIG-IP Access Policy Manager tailor-made for VMware Horizon View environments, a companion reference architecture, and an iApp to optimize deployments. The virtual solutions provide secure access control for Horizon View and are designed for customers of any scale – whether they are starting small or going big with their Virtual Desktops. We had a very solid performance in the service provider business last quarter. I mentioned the large win that had with our AFM Firewall solution. In last quarter's conference call, we stated the new release of TMOS version 11.5 and our most recent version of our virtual orchestration engine BIG-IQ, including significant new functionality for our centralized management solution, BIG-IQ Security, for large-scale AFM Firewall deployments. I believe these enhancements and new functionality, combined with our significant price performance advantages, were key factors in the selection of the F5 solution. Traffix SDC sales continued to be strong in the quarter, with several new and carrier wins as LTE networks expand and add functionality such as LTE roaming. Revenue from Traffix sales were up sequentially from last quarter we continue to experience an improving win rate in competitive engagements. We launched our service provider Synthesis architecture at Mobile World Congress in February and received very positive reactions from the industry pundits, and especially from the service provider customer base. This included solutions for data traffic management, signaling traffic management, virtualization, NFE, and security. In particular, the two new reference architectures for Gi network consolidation and LTE roaming were very well received. As far as a product roadmap is concerned, we will continue to introduce significant enhancements and world-leading technology in our key areas of focus: security, service providers and mobility, the cloud, orchestration, and software-defined application services. These application services are available to our customers as systems, as software-only solutions, as a combination of both on-premise and/or in the cloud. With our new Synthesis architecture customers can improve service philosophy and accelerate time to market through automated provisioning and intelligent orchestration of these application services. The Synthesis architecture is based on an elastic, high-performance fabric which reduces the cost and complexity of deploying software-defined application services across all types of systems and environments. These environments include software defined networking, virtual infrastructures, traditional on-premise data centers, and both public and private clouds. You may have seen an announcement of our new VIPRION 2200 offering last week. This is another example of F5's commitment to best-of-breed performance, quality, and innovation, flexibility and future-proofing for the customer's data center. The VIPRION 2200 is the industry's first application delivery controller in a 2U appliance footprint, providing unmatched performance while preserving the customer's investment in VIPRION technology. We believe that the VIPRION 2200 has no real competition in its class and will prove to be well received by our customers. The VIPRION 2200 uses our innovative ScaleN technology to provide resource elasticity and high-density multi-tenancy, expanding the capacity of our physical and virtual solutions to seamlessly scale and consolidate application services on demand. As far as the outlook is concerned, Andy indicated that we expected a lot of both sequential and year-over-year growth this quarter. The drivers of our business remain robust, and we enter Q3 with a very strong pipeline of future business. Our portfolio of application services continues to expand aggressively, which in turn expands our addressable market. In addition, our Synthesis architecture for software-defined application services provides F5 with the opportunity to play a very strategic role as customers continue to strive for competitive advantage and maximum agility by moving to new technology architectures. I am pleased with our results in the first half of the fiscal year, and I feel very optimistic about business prospects for the remainder of the year. In conclusion, I would like to thank the entire F5 team, our partners, and customers for their support last quarter. And we'll now hand the call over for Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) First question comes from Jeff Kvaal, Northaland. Your line is open.
Jeff Kvaal: Hi, can you hear me?
John McAdam: Yes.
Jeff Kvaal: Great. Thanks for allow [ph] for the question. I was wondering two things. Number one, you commented a little bit in the press release about the very few surprises in the second quarter. I was wondering if that were the same set of assumptions that you were using towards – well, first, if you could comment on that; and then, secondly, if that was the same set of assumptions that you were using in the second quarter? And then my second question may be for Andy, and that is on the gross margins: if software is as high as it's ever been as a percentage of the mix, should we not have expected a little bit more on the gross margin side or what are the variables involved in that? Thank you.
John McAdam: Yes. On the first one, very few surprises Linearity was as expected pretty solid and normal we didn’t see any significant change in win rates. The business drivers were as expected in other words, security, we we’re very happy with that. We we’re happy with Traffix. We we’re happy with the possibility in enterprise replacing Cisco ACE areas. So, generally it was as expected, hence the no surprise comment.
Andy Reinland: And then to the gross margin, I mean one of the dynamics we have right now is the rollout of our new product line. And whenever you do that, a number of variables come into play around your margin, warranty – many indirect costs. And so we’re just seeing that dynamic, which is muting the benefits there. But overall, what we are happy with is that we’re managing the gross margin consistently with the last couple of quarters.
Jeff Kvaal: Okay, so John and does that mean you applied the same set of assumptions for the June quarter when setting that guidance, is that a way to think of that?
John McAdam: Pretty much, I mean that’s reasonably accurate, I mean obviously one of the things we are excited about is you are going to see things like Versafe, the anti-fraud capability start to com into play, you’re going to see – we’re going to start introduce a storefront, with the LineRate, so there is other incremental thing, but generally I think that’s a valid assumption.
Jeff Kvaal: Okay, I’ll pass it on. Thank you gentlemen.
Operator: Thank you, next question from Rod Hall with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Greg T. Schuck: Hi, it is Greg Schuck for Rod Hall. Thanks for taking my question, with regards to securities. Can you guys possibly split out enterprise versus telecom and then also kind of to what extent you guys see yourself in that datacenter implementations at this point? Thanks.
John McAdam: Yes, regarding security, we don't really split out enterprise with telco. I mean I mentioned a couple of times in my introduction that we had that we had a fairly large security deal with our firewall AFM solutions in telco, but we don’t really split it out. What I have said in the past, and I think it's still the situation, is that when you look at service provider, in particular, security is definitely a very, very big opportunity. But it is in the enterprise, as well, so – but we don't split it out by numbers.
Greg T. Schuck: Okay. And I guess my follow-up would be – with June guidance, is it possible to kind of put some color around the Good, Better, Best framework, as to what percent of customers would be kind of on the new pricing versus old? Do you guys have a general sense of that, or is it?
Andy Reinland: No, I think more we are focused on the trend, which – this was really the first full quarter. And it exceeded our expectations, so we are very happy with that. And I think we will see that continue. But as for breaking it out specifically, we are not going to do that.
John McAdam: I mean it was Good, Better, Best apart from the obvious benefits of, been easier to package the solutions together for the customer; giving them some incentive to add more modules; what it really gives us is a really easy entry point for the salespeople to start to talk to our customers about that added value. We could easily introduce Good, Better, Best, and then they decide to buy just a vanilla system with maybe one module, but they are thinking about the other modules because we have had the opportunity to talk to them.
Greg T. Schuck: Thanks guys.
Operator: Next question comes from Jason Ader, William Blair. Your line is open.
Jason Ader: Thanks. A couple of quick ones here. The operating margin was a little lower than I had expected, Andy. And it sounds like you had a good hiring quarter. But you talked about some improvements in the back half. What's the right side of near-term target for operating margins, let's say over the next 6 months to 12 months? That's the first question. And then I'm just a little confused on the GBB comment, John. So when you said GBB sales were up 82% sequentially, what does that mean? What percentage of your customers are actually buying in this way? And how can we even think about that?
John McAdam: Yes. Let me answer it. So we had about half the quarter when the introduced it in the previous quarter, in Q1. Q2 is our first dual quarter, and the amount of revenue that we saw with GBB sales was up 82% from that half quarter sale. That's fundamentally what it is. We are not going to split out the actual numbers in terms of the revenue, but we are very happy with the results. And we are especially happy with the split – the percentage that went towards the Best of the GBB.
Andy Reinland: I'm going to answer that – the operating margin. The way we are looking at it now, we think we are in a great spot. We have good revenue growth going. We are generating strong cash, increasing EPS; and at the same time, we see some opportunities that we want to invest in. So I stand behind my comments. We are going to see profitability ramping in the back half, but we are going to be looking at opportunities to invest that we think will drive the top line. That's how we are going to approach it.
Jason Ader: So you are not going to give any specific number for the next, whatever, sort of near-term operating model kind of number, like you gave in the past?
Andy Reinland: Yes. Well, you know, we generally in specific hard numbers really are quarter out. So you can look at our guidance and kind of lay it out, and with the ranges that we gave see where we are going to land. And then when we get beyond that, it's usually directionally – usually not beyond the fiscal year. So I'm kind of sticking to those comments. So we are going to see a ramp through the back half of the year. And then come October, we will address to in a general direction for next year at that time.
Jason Ader: Thanks.
Operator: Next question Ehud Gelblum, Citi Research. Your line is open.
Stan Kovler: Hi. Thanks, everyone. It's Stan Kovler in for Ehud. I just wanted to cover some of the demand areas. Do you feel like demand is really coming from replacements and current customers with higher mix? You mentioned the GBB; 70% of those are coming in at the higher end or is it just the overall demand in the market is increasing? If you could specifically touch on the area of cloud and how some of those customers are doing, and what they are deploying in the context of your competitors, as well. There are some competitors in that space for either virtual or some of the platform products that they have. And then the final question for Andy, just a housekeeping on OpEx. It came in a little higher; just following up on the last question there. Do you expect to hire at the same pace for the rest of the year? Thanks a lot.
John McAdam: Yes and this is John and I’ll talk about it, and I think Manny can talk about some of the cloud things and then Andy will give the answer to his question. Its interesting when you say demand, one of the things that I’m very about at the moment is that over a fairly short space of time, we really have expanded our addressable markets. The acquisition of Traffix is a good example of that. We feel very good about what we are seeing with the Versafe subscription service. We think we have an opportunity there. We are going to be getting more active with the LineRate solution for web developers. Security, the demand there that we see for our module sales, and all three of them. Clearly, the traditional firewall is a greenfield opportunity for us and we are starting to see some real good success there. So from that perspective and then I think Good, Better, Best, the product refresh and the ACE opportunity are all big opportunities. That's why we’ve been hiring, we're hiring because we are seeing demand overall as an opportunity. And Andy will give you more details in your specific question, but I think you will see us doing that in the future, because it would be crazy not to do that. And then as part of that, if you look at the technology changes that are happening with the cloud that Manny can comment in a second; the pricing structures that are buying capabilities of the customer. We think we are in really good shape when we look at our current portfolio of products with software and BIG-IQ, and areas like that. So we think we are in a real sweet spot of a lot of these very significant changes.
Manuel F. Rivelo: And just – Stan just to add some comments – this is Manny – on the cloud side. So on the cloud side; what we are seeing is a massive adoption from our customer base around hybrid clouds, both on-prem, off-prem type solutions. . And there is a couple of metrics I will share with you, or data points I will share with you, just to give you an indication of the success we are having on that. One is that our Virtual Edition, which is our software version supported across a magnitude of hypervisors, has seen both significant quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year growth. We continue to see that every single quarter, and we are very happy with that. In addition to that, just this quarter we also launched a $95 Virtual Lab Edition, so customers can try that edition in the market segment. And that, again, has had an incredible ramp-up rate, because people are trying smaller workloads out in the cloud and making sure those solutions work. So we saw great, great momentum with that. And then, third, we are launching some new licensing programs also for the cloud. They make it a little simpler for users to buy cloud-based services and for cloud providers to package solutions to the market segment. And we are seeing that take off in the market segment, as well as the number of cloud partners. Our philosophy is pretty simply to make sure that our solutions are available in the cloud in addition to be enterprise, and enable customers to have this hybrid solutions set.
Andy Reinland: Stan and then, as far as hiring goes, I said that we are going to add above 100 for the current quarter. And I think we will continue that pace through the rest of the fiscal year.
Stan Kovler: Thanks. That's very helpful. If I could just follow up on one more question. If I add up all the indirect sales that you mentioned in the top three indirect sales channels, it looked like sequentially from those three folks the revenue declined slightly. And, obviously, overall revenue grew. Can you just help us understand what's going on with direct versus indirect there?
Andy Reinland: That the numbers that we give there are distributors, right, but then go through resellers. So it's a little bit to look at – it is just dependent on how sales break down and who the customers want to work through and resellers want to work through. We are required to disclose it. But there's nothing I'd read into that from one quarter to the next.
Stan Kovler: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Next question from Pierre Ferragu, Bernstein. Your line is open.
Pierre Ferragu: Thank you for taking my question. I have, actually, one very specific question on China. You mentioned sales there were clearly below the trend of other regions in the world. If you could give us some color on how things are developing there that would be very useful. And then, more broadly, about a year ago you had, like, a slowdown in sales, and that was mostly driven by the service provider segment, where orders can be lumpy. And so I was wondering in your performance today and your revenues in this quarter could you give us some sense of whether your numbers are being supported by actually very large orders from these very large cloud-type customers, or very large operators? And if we – there is a bit of a risk of lumpiness in your revenues because of that in, I don't know, in the next 12 months or something like that. Thank you.
Andy Reinland: Okay. Regarding China, I think I've said – certainly I said it on the last call, I may have said it on the call before, it is a tough environment. We've seen that when we have looked at some of our peers' results as well. I think that’s going to continue for a while. We have probably bottomed out in terms of the opportunity there. I don’t think there's much risk of it being worse. However, it's not an area that we are putting any big expectations in when we get guidance. As I say, I think that's pretty much across the technology board right now. Regarding our lumpiness, unfortunately, there's always the opportunity for lumpiness in the service provider business. I think our portfolio has increased dramatically that will in some way mitigate against that lumpiness. I'm not saying we have totally mitigated; we have not, but certainly, with the security operation we’ve got opportunity we have there, with Traffix opportunities with LTE rollout with mobile traffic steering to some degree, we have a bigger portfolio there, but there always that opportunity. In terms of the specifics, I think you were asking, where there any really massive orders? Not really I mean, we had good orders, million dollar plus-type orders, but nothing way of the ordinary. Overall, the number of million dollar orders was actually quite solid, but that includes enterprise as well as service provider.
Pierre Ferragu: Thanks, very much.
Operator: Next question from Catharine Trebnick with Dougherty & Co. Your line is open.
Catharine Trebnick: Thank you very much for taking my question. Could either – one of the questions I had is you – so you had a few wins for security in the service provider area. Could you give us some more color on was it more datacenter? Have you sold into any of the mobile Internet aspects of it? And then the follow-on question is well, take that one first. Thank you.
Manuel F. Rivelo: So, hey Catharine, its Manny, how are you? Real quick, just on the service provider, I’ll give you one. Tier-1 operator. It was a data center solution set. Basically, it was a pretty significant data center solution set, protecting their applications for both DDoS mitigation all the way up to Layer 7 firewall security, application security, as well as traffic steering functionality for their data center. That was one of many footprints that service provider has. And that was a significant deal. That was predominantly midrange product in our portfolio, but significant in the sense that it was lots of units that are going out there. So we feel pretty fortunate with that. That's a data center solution. In addition to that, that same service provider has a Gi solution that we are right now in proof-of-concept with. So we are pretty excited about that opportunity, which we think is equal, if not much larger, than the current opportunity ahead. And that applies to stuff across the world . I'm just giving you one example.
Catharine Trebnick: No, no. I understand that totally. And then the other question is on Traffix. You did say that that was up quarter-over-quarter. Are the deals more for LTE roaming, or are they any specific area that you are getting more traction with than others? And are you replacing Tekelec in some of these deals?
Andy Reinland: Yes. This is Manny, again. So, yes, it is LTE roaming. We are seeing a lot of that. We are seeing some basic just DRA load-balancing functionality for the signals that are out there. And then we have done in certain situations replaced Tekelec out there. Again, we are seeing a lot of good momentum in that environment. And we are talking to a lot of the service providers that are out there. There's no question Tekelec had early entry into the market been in the market longer than we were. But we feel pretty comfortable that from a technology perspective, our solution is comparable to anything the market and really superior to all. That’s out there.
Catharine Trebnick: All right, thank you very much.
Operator: Next question comes from Sanjiv Wadhwani with Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is open.
Sanjiv Wadhwani: Thanks, two questions. John, the enterprise vertical did really well this quarter. I was wondering if there was any granularity you could give on certain areas that might have exceeded expectations, like financial services, etc. And then for Andy on the Good, Better, Best pricing, I know you have talked a little bit about the gross margin puts and takes around – with your software, sort of percentage going higher. But over time, as you see more and more deals queuing towards the best categories, should we be seeing a positive impact on gross margins over the next 12, 18 months?
Andy Reinland: Yes. On the enterprise vertical or the enterprise business, yes, it was very solid. The finance, by the way, is always a good one for us. It is like security. It is – like, new architectures, including hybrid clouds and if we are really in the great spot for that so I expect that to continue, but it was pretty solid. And I just see the last quarter that from a sales perspective that was also solid last quarter as well.
John McAdam: I mentioned the Good, Better, Best I've answered that I think yes, in theory, adding more modules that are purely software to increase sorter size should help the margin, but we are careful not to guide that for a lot of reasons. A lot of it is strategic, that we want to keep that close in case we want to use that with our channel partners or in other ways. So, but in theory, your question is right. It gives us flexibility.
Sanjiv Wadhwani: Got it. Helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Matt Robison, Wunderlich Securities. Your line is open.
Matt Robison: Hey, thanks for taking the question. On the Versafe, do you envision that activity ever becoming material to CapEx?
Andy Reinland: In terms of spend support?
Matt Robison: Yes, spend to support.
Andy Reinland: Yes. I think it could add somewhat, but as we model it out and look at growth, we think it will be in line. Nothing that we think would accelerate CapEx abnormally.
John McAdam: We’ve already done—we didn't have a Seattle security operations center up until we introduced it just recently. And I mentioned that in the call. And that I didn’t have a massive effect on the CapEx.
Matt Robison: So do you think that your model in terms of – as it matures and starts to hit its business plan, you won't see an increase in CapEx to revenue from it?
Andy Reinland: I think we could a little bit, but I don't think anything that would draw attention. I think we would manage it in the broader business.
Matt Robison: I mean we are much more excited in terms of the fact it's subscription-based service, and as we add more wins that revenue number goes up, I think that’s the goal. Obviously, there will be some investments in doing that, but I think the prominent thing is the revenue and the contribution to earnings.
John McAdam: Yes. I get that. And we are kind of seeing a bit of a trend amongst companies that come with technology that they are trying – they are managing it a bit more, whereas they used to just sell it. That's why I bring it up.
Matt Robison: Thanks. Okay, Brian, this is John Eldridge we’re going to take two more questions and then wrap it up.
Operator: Okay. Next question comes from Paul – from Paul Silverstein with Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Paul Silverstein: Guys, I was wondering if you just – I want to revisit a couple of questions and just some clarifications. First off, John, I heard your comment about the million dollar deals, in general. Can you give us the average deal size, is there any change?
John McAdam: Yes, actually the average order size that which is the metric we give, it had been pretty steady right at the $100,000 but we saw that increase last quarter 200%. So about a 10% increase.
Paul Silverstein: Andy, was there also an increase in the large deals? I think historically you have shared with us million-dollar-plus deals.
Andy Reinland: There was my commented on the last end of we did see a nice increase in the number of – on the revenues total revenue to be go from $1 million deal plus.
Paul Silverstein: So there was general increase. And then going back to your comment earlier about the increase in software content will help, but you may choose to be strategic in terms of passing on benefits, potentially. And I thought I heard you say that new product introductions had somewhat of a muting impact on the benefit you otherwise would have seen from software. Was there anything extraordinary about this new product introduction? Or was this – all things being equal, if you don't pass on the benefits going forward, we would see the benefits show up in gross margin? I mean, really focusing just on that new product introduction piece. Anything extraordinary about this go-around?
Andy Reinland: Now this really nothing extraordinary we generally see when we come out with new products systems were working through managing the supply chain as we are managing warranty reserve, manufacturing costs. We see those increased costs I think to some extent you kind of merging two questions together work the Good, Better, Best pricing which add software modules over longer period of time, in theory could improve the gross margin. The short-run question that was asked was: why this specific quarter? John made the comment that our software tax rates were at an all-time level; why we didn't see that in the gross margin and I was saying that was offset in the short-run by in fact that we are in the stage of new product introduction.
Paul Silverstein: Understood. And then China as a percent of your Asia-Pac revenue – what is the issue, John? Obviously, we have all seen the reports about economic activity in China subsiding. There's the U.S. issue in terms of the technology concerns. Can you identify – are you able to identify what the particular issue is? If it's general, with respect to perception of risk, or something else? Is China roughly consistent with being 50% of Asia-Pac economy? Would that be about right for your impact on you?
Andy Reinland: No it’s lower than that. And there is tough one because as I say, it's not we are not – we are doing business there, but we have defiantly over the last probably 12 months and 9 months, 12 month we definitely seen its just tough environment in terms of getting orders from customers et cetera. Whether that’s that's endemic or not, who knows? I guess it is what it is.
Paul Silverstein: One last one. U.S. Fed – any insight you could share with us, what you are seeing there?
John McAdam: I’m sorry.
Paul Silverstein: U.S. Federal.
John McAdam: Yes. I mean we are pretty comfortable with U.S. Federal; we really like the team that was got in place. By definition we tend to expect a very solid quarter come September and I think we‘ll see that. If you are selling solutions that are based on datacenter consolidation, the cloud and the internet then you are in good share, and that’s what we do. So I think that continues to be a key market for us.
Paul Silverstein: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Okay, last question at Brian Marshall, ISI Group. Your line is open.
Brian Marshall: Great. Thanks, guys. Since Paul asked three, I’ll just ask one. I think – congratulations. I mean this is the first quarter in roughly two years that we grew the top line 20% year over year. So obviously moving back in the right direction, well done. Sequentially we grew at almost $15 million. Now, I'm not expecting a complete breakout, but can you talk a little bit about how your core underlying business is growing from a dollar standpoint and versus all these new opportunities that you have in security and other things, et cetera. Just kind of curious what the underlying growth look like for the core business if you strip out all the new incremental stuff. Thanks, and well done.
John McAdam: This gives life to this whole discussion about what really is our core business. Remember, our definition of an ADC Application Delivery Controller is basically a platform, and that can be a software platform or a system platform or a combination of both, but it’s certainly a part of a bigger architecture. That includes on that platform the ability to expand an addressable market by adding more and more bundle solutions security being a classic example. So when we sell BIG-IP 4000 and we have our application file with a module on that, we view that as ADC market. And that's what we do and then obviously there is revenue associated with each solution, but you'll just see that continues to expand, in other words, we believe we are expanding an addressable market Brian and we don’t even look at it as what is the basic core market? We look at: what's the current expandable market that we are driving to and that’s definitely expanding aggressively.
Brian Marshall: Understood. Thanks, John.
John Eldridge: Okay. Well, thank you all for joining us. We look forward to hooking up with you again at the end of the third quarter. And again if you have any questions, please give me a call.
John McAdam: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude the call for today. You may disconnect your phone lines at this time.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-01-22 16:30:00) =====
Executives: John Eldridge Andy Reinland - Chief Finance Officer and Executive Vice President John McAdam - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Manuel F. Rivelo - Executive Vice President of Strategic Solutions Karl D. Triebes - Chief Technical Officer and Executive Vice President of Product Development
Analysts: Brian Marshall - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Natarajan Subrahmanyan - The Juda Group, Research Division Ehud A. Gelblum - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Alex Kurtz - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Jess L. Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Brian John White - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division Rohit N. Chopra - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Justin Jordan - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Simon M. Leopold - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Timothy Long - BMO Capital Markets U.S.
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5 Networks First Quarter 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Also, today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Eldridge: Thank you, and welcome, all of you, to our first quarter fiscal 2014 conference call. The speakers on today's call are John McAdam, our President and CEO; Andy Reinland, Exec VP and Chief Financial Officer. Other members of the executive team are also with us to answer questions following John and Andy's prepared comments. If you have any follow-up questions after the call, please direct them to me at (206) 272-6571. A copy of today's press release is available on our website at f5.com. In addition, you can access an archive version of today's live webcast from the Events Calendar page of our website, through April 23. From 4:30 p.m. today until 5:00 Pacific time, January 24, you can also listen to a telephone replay at (866) 452-2104 or (203) 369-1210. During today's call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve certain uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our quarterly release, described in detail on our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. With that, I'll turn the call over to Andy Reinland.
Andy Reinland: Thank you, John. In the first quarter of fiscal 2014, we continued to see solid returns on the investments we made last year. The growing demand for our new hardware and software products, positive response to our recently introduced Synthesis architectural vision and our new pricing models, all led to above-expected sales in each of our major geographies. Revenue of $406.5 million was above our guided range of $390 million to $400 million, an increase of 3% from the prior quarter and 11% year-over-year. GAAP EPS of $0.87 per share was above our $0.81 to $0.84 guidance. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.22 per share also exceeded our guided range of $1.17 to $1.20 per share. Product revenue of $218.6 million grew 3% sequentially and 7% year-over-year, representing 54% of total revenue. Service revenue of $187.9 million also grew 3% sequentially, 17% year-over-year, and accounted for 46% of total revenue. Accounting for 56% of the total, revenue from the Americas was up 6% from the first quarter of fiscal 2013. EMEA, which represented 24% of revenue, grew 17% from the first quarter of last year. APAC accounted for 15% of revenue and grew 19% year-over-year and Japan revenue, which grew 17% from a year ago, was 5% of total revenue for the quarter. Enterprise customers represented 61% of sales during that quarter. Service providers accounted for 24% and government sales were 14%, including 7% from U.S. Federal. In Q1, we have 3 greater than 10% distributors: Ingram Micro, which represented 17.9% of total revenue; Avnet, which accounted for 14.3%; and Westcon, which accounted for 13.5%. Our GAAP gross margin in Q1 was 82.1%. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 83.4%. Our non-GAAP gross margin declined sequentially, a result of lower service gross margin, which reflects our increased investment in consulting, while our non-GAAP product margin remained essentially flat with Q4. GAAP operating expenses of $224.4 million were within our target range of $219 million to $226 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $193.4 million. GAAP operating margin was 26.9%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 35.9%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for Q1 was 37.8% and our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 35.1%. Turning to the balance sheet. Cash flow from operations was $158.9 million. In Q1, we repurchased slightly more than 2.4 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $82.35 for a total of $200 million. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.24 billion in cash and investments. With the addition of $500 million authorized by the board for stock buyback at our most recent board meeting, approximately $781 million remains authorized under our share repurchase program. DSO at the end of Q1 was 49 days. Inventories were $19.1 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $5 million. Deferred revenue increased 18% year-over-year to $567.7 million. We ended the quarter with 3,520 employees, an increase of 165 from the prior quarter. Based on growing demand for the new products we released in fiscal year '13, the strength of our security offerings, solid momentum with our Traffix Diameter solutions and positive customer response to our Synthesis architectural vision, we feel very confident about our ability to continue to grow the top line and anticipate continued sequential growth through the remainder of the fiscal year. For the second quarter of fiscal 2014, our revenue target is $408 million to $418 million. We expect Q2 GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins to be consistent with Q1. GAAP gross margin is anticipated to be in the 82% range, including approximately $4 million of stock-based compensation expense and $1.7 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. Non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be at or around 83.5%. We anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of $226 million to $233 million. This includes approximately $31.5 million of stock-based compensation expense and $0.4 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. For Q2, we are forecasting a GAAP effective tax rate of 38% and a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 35%. Our GAAP EPS target is $0.87 to $0.90 per share. Our non-GAAP EPS target is $1.23 to $1.26 per share. We plan to increase our headcount by over 100 employees in the current quarter. We estimate DSO will be in the high 40-day range. We expect inventory levels within a range of $20 million to $22 million. And we believe our cash flow from operations will be at or around $80 million, reflecting the large sequential increase in our federal tax payments that we normally incur in our fiscal second quarter. With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
John McAdam: Thanks, Andy, and good afternoon, everyone. I was very pleased with our performance in Q1. The improved product revenue growth that we experienced in the second half of fiscal 2013 gained more momentum in our first quarter of fiscal year 2014. All our major regions met or exceeded their sales internal forecast. From a sales perspective, the star of the quarter was the EMEA region where we saw strong sales growth across most of the region. The Americas region had another strong quarter and a majority of territories in our Asia Pacific Japan region also delivered solid results. Once again, our Services business produced excellent results, including a significant increase in deferred revenue, which grew approximately 7% sequentially over the last quarter and is now over $550 million. I was very pleased with the sales momentum we are seeing as a result of the extensive product refresh we introduced during fiscal 2013. The new product line already accounts for the majority of our ADC sales and have equipped our salesforce and partner channel with the most functional and competitive ADC solutions in the market. These new products, combined with our new pricing and software tiering strategy, good-better-best, are proving to be very popular with our customer base and very competitive in new business opportunities. It is early days with the good-better-best go-to-market model, but initial sales have exceeded our internal expectations and the most functional tier, the best category, are proving to be the most popular which could increase our software sales as this trend continues. The Cisco ACE install base continues to be a significant replacement opportunity and Q1 was another solid quarter, with a large number of project wins. Our competitive win rate in this area continues to be extremely high. As I mentioned before, we continue to see the pattern where our customers tend include additional functionality including security access control and application acceleration. And we are already seeing examples for the new range of F5 products, combined with the good-better-best pricing strategy, reinforces this trend. We introduced our Synthesis architecture for software-defined application services last quarter. the F5 Synthesis architectural vision has been very well-received by our customers, our channel partners and has gained wide support from technology and industry leaders. Synthesis helps customers improve service velocity and accelerates time-to-market through automated provisioning and intelligent orchestration of application services. The Synthesis architecture is based on an elastic, high-performance fabric which reduces the cost and complexity of deploying software-defined application services across all types of systems and environments. These environments include software-defined networking, virtual infrastructures, traditional on-premise data centers and both public and private clouds. We had another solid quarter with sales of our security solutions. Security continues to be the major driver of our business with strong sales across the security solutions portfolio, including ASM, APM and AFM. We are also building out 2 world-class security operations centers in Seattle and Tel Aviv to support a new online security service from our Versafe acquisition. Versafe adds some very strategic solutions to our security portfolio. The WebSafe and MobileSafe services include state-of-the-art technology for Internet anti-fraud, anti-phishing and anti-malware solutions. We plan to formally launch the subscription base -- this subscription-based service and RSU -- RS issue in February and we will be announcing the availability of WebSafe and MobileSafe services, including a channel partner program. We have already seen significant amount of interest in these subscription-based services. We will also be announcing a new Secure Web Gateway solution at RSA and, obviously, we will publish more details of the event. We experienced strong sequential and year-over-year growth in sales to the service provider market last quarter. We won several large contracts for traffic management and signaling delivery controller applications related to 4G/LTE deployment. We recorded a record quarter of purchase orders for our Traffix SDC solutions, including sales to Tier 1 service providers in both Europe and in the U.S.A. Actual revenue in Q1, from the SDC sales, was relatively modest, but the increase in orders bodes well for revenue growth in future quarters. In addition, we are starting to see an increase Carrier-Grade NAT wins now that we have enhanced the functionality and feature set of our Carrier-Grade NAT solution. I'm very excited about our technology direction and the proposed deliverables on our product roadmap in the short, medium and long term. Our product roadmap priorities align well with the trends in the main areas of our business focus. You will see F5 continue to introduce significant enhancements and world-leading technology in our key areas of focus: security, service providers and mobility, the cloud and software-defined application services. Just this week, our product development team have delivered a new TMOS Vancouver release to manufacturing. TMOS Vancouver is a very major release and includes over 130 significant new features. These features include a Secure Web Gateway solution, major performance enhancements to our virtual ADC software and utility billing features. Support for new hardware architectures, major enhancements to our service provider products, including the G.I. firewall, the policy enforcement module and our Carrier-Grade NAT solution. Vancouver, under our most recent version of BIG-IQ, also includes significant improvements to our centralized management solution for our firewall solutions: ASM, DoS protection and AFM. As far as the outlook is concerned, Andy indicated that we continue to expect to deliver sequential revenue growth this quarter of fiscal 2014. Obviously, we remain cautious given our experience from the March quarter last year. Having said that, we feel very positive about our market opportunities, our competitive leadership and the overall trends we are seeing with our business. Our pipeline for future business is very strong and the market drivers continued to be robust. We believe we have several tangible growth drivers for our business, including the new product refresh, the momentum in our security business and the increasing range of solutions in our security portfolio. The opportunity has been presented with 4G and LTE rollouts for our consolidation strategy and the competitive leadership of our Traffix' SDC solutions. In addition, our Synthesis architecture for software defined application services provides F5 with the opportunities to play a very strategic role as customers continue to strive for competitive advantage and maximum agility by moving to new technology architectures. Q1 was a good start to fiscal 2014 and I feel very optimistic about our business prospects for the remainder of the year. In conclusion, I would like to thank the entire F5 team, our partners and customers for the support last quarter, and we'll now hand the call over for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Brian Marshall of ISI Group.
Brian Marshall - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: A question with respect to sort of ranking the new incremental opportunities for calendar '14, could you rank order them between the security, the refreshed hardware, as well as the new initiatives like mobile and LTE?
John McAdam: Yes. A lot of these are interconnected, Brian, a lot of them. But if I was going to say anything, I'd say security across the board. Interestingly enough, security in the service provider space is a massive opportunity in our opinion. As I said in previous calls and we've talked about is that, frankly, our roadmap has been driven a lot by some large service provider into -- in the U.S.A., in particular. So I think security is probably the top. Traffix, we're very happy about it. We're pretty excited about Versafe. I mean, it's early, early days, we haven't announced it to the salesforce yet, that will be happening at RSU -- RSA. But that could be -- the interest level, we know, is already high. We just want to get ourselves right. ACE is going to continue to be an opportunity throughout the year. And, obviously, the product refresh is at the base of that. The other sort of wild card is the pricing that we talked about. And of course, Synthesis architecture is more about making sure that we're incredibly relevant as these trends move pretty fast, whether it's to the cloud or software-defined solutions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Subu Subrahmanyan of The Juda Group.
Natarajan Subrahmanyan - The Juda Group, Research Division: John, could you talk specifically about the carrier firewall opportunities? You've mentioned that a few times as being very good opportunities in terms of success in, specifically, firewall applications. And also, could you talk about virtual as a percentage of revenue, how that did for this quarter?
John McAdam: Yes. So I'm going to turn it over to Manny and he'll talk more about the security in the service provider space. But I know enough about it, just to give an overview. I mean, the service providers are -- obviously, security is changing dramatically. A lot of it is application-type threat. But, specifically, in the service provider space, we're talking about trying to reduce cost in an environment where the volume is increasing dramatically, obviously driven by mobile. And that's where we really excel with our new solutions. So the core product is there and what we've been building and helping with the input of customers is a lot of feature set into the BIG-IQ orchestration engine so that we can scale in those environments. And we feel very, very good about it. Trials are underway and we think it is a big opportunity. Manny?
Manuel F. Rivelo: Yes. I think, just to add -- just a quick data point on that, we'll be, specifically, building on the Gi firewall, which is basically a firewall that sits in the packet core where the radio network turns over to Ethernet. And what the service providers need for mobile carrier growth is devices of high performance. And high performance not only in high throughput, which we achieved, but high connection counts. And the high connection counts are a function of all the mobile users. And then what they're looking for is, basically, firewall functionality, DDoS protection, application protection. So those are the types of features that we were putting in there. So it's feature richness at very, very high performance and very high connection counts. And our platforms are well-suited to accomplish that.
John McAdam: And as far as the VE question is concerned, we don't separate out the numbers. However, it did grow faster than our core system business and we expect it to keep doing that. Still relatively small numbers. As far as we're concerned with Synthesis, we see software and systems together, we can manage them together, we can cluster them together. They're just part of the overall solution that we've got. But yet, it did grew and we expect it to keep growing. And I think as customers move more towards the cloud, I think that's the trend and we'll make that happen.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ehud Gelblum of Citigroup.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So a couple questions. First of all, I know you are no longer diving deep into the different verticals you have. But I just want to get a sense, following up on the virtual question, if we could get a sense as to how Internet guys in cloud, kind of how that faired and whether that percent of your revenue is going up. And I may have missed the answer to the virtual question, if you have sort of a percentage that will be helpful, but I'm looking more for kind of how is the revenue trending customer-wise into that customer set. And then, John, you've mentioned that Diameter was still small, but it sounds like you're very excited and the order growth is there. I'm wondering, as we look out and model it by the end of this fiscal year -- or the end of this calendar year, let's say, could it get -- could Diameter get to be 5% of your product revenue? Is it something that could be that large? Or is it still going to be small, is it much more of a 2015 revenue contributor?
John McAdam: Right, right. So regarding the verticals, I mean, the technology vertical has been fairly stable. I mean, it tends to -- it's a bit related to the service provider base so it's lumpy in nature, but it's still a sizable amount. The one thing I will say about the verticals, just to be clear, when we talk about -- obviously, we give out numbers on revenue on verticals, on an actual enterprise business, which includes the technical vertical, it was actually pretty solid from a sales perspective, so we feel pretty good about that, especially North America. So no concerns there, no certain major trends. The cloud is -- obviously, that is increasing and will continue to increase and we're putting more focus in terms of doing that. We've announced some -- we actually did some press releases with some cloud partners recently. But we're in most of the big ones that you might expect. And the other question was?
Ehud A. Gelblum - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: On Diameter growth.
John McAdam: On Diameter growth, yes, yes. So, absolutely, I mean, the actual revenue in Q1 was -- modest is the word I used and that means it is pretty small. However, the number of orders was actually quite significant in terms of our win rate, I mean, we actually had replacements, as well and some Tier 1 scenarios. So I'm not going to say what we think it can be, but we definitely, assuming that we produce the goods, we're meeting the milestone, because some of these orders are multimillion dollar orders, then we would expect it to be definitely material as we get to the second half.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: John, back on the virtual question. Can you give a percent of that you've sold in the virtual, is there any way we can look at that?
John McAdam: No, we -- Ehud, we don't break that out at this time.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Could we say it was up?
John McAdam: Oh, Karl has something here.
Karl D. Triebes: This is Karl. I was just going to mention, we've put a lot of effort on our virtual side in this last release in terms of significantly increasing the performance of the virtual additions. And we're not stopping there, we have plans to take them up another notch as we go forward. We've had different footprint options in terms of size, so you can buy very small 25 megabit -- or megabyte instance that you can use for certain circumstances in the cloud. Or you can go with much larger footprint options. We have new licensing models with utility billing. We're leveraging BIG-IQ, actually has a licensed server, so you can do pooling. So there's a lot of effort, there's a lot more than that. So when we talk about being able to operate in the cloud, it's a very vertical effort in terms of our technology, it's not just about doing kind of piece things to -- in your modules or other components.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Kurtz of Stern Agee.
Alex Kurtz - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: So, John, just as a follow-up on the web scale question that was just asked, I think there's been some concern, historically, that those customers are -- they're sort of changing their architecture and moving away from branded vendors. Do you feel like you maybe have troughed that event in your pipeline, looking back the last 12 months and going forward, that's sort of out of your expectations and don't really have a lot of growth expectations in those big Internet data center, hyper scale kind of customers?
John McAdam: No. I'd say -- I mean, the reality is we're talking about 2 customers. And one wasn't a customer, 2 organizations that have done some specifics in a very specific environment, with a very, very significant workforce are able to do it. We haven't seen any more. And so we still see big opportunities in that market. Across-the-board, security, for example, is a big, big opportunity in all-in-ones. So that's a key, key vertical for us that I don't believe has troughed at all.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jess Lubert of Wells Fargo Securities.
Jess L. Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Two questions. First for John, I wanted to dig in to the service provider business. Specifically, I was hoping you could talk about how some of these large carrier transactions may flow through the model through the course of the year. And perhaps, you can help us understand how you're thinking about March quarter seasonality here, that this has often been weak in the March period and sometimes lump down following big quarters. So I was just hoping you can help us understand if the expected timing of big deals is giving you a little bit more confidence that we may not see the level of March quarter seasonality and the carrier vertical like we saw last year? And then for Andy, question is on the gross margin, which dipped about 50 basis points sequentially. I just wanted to confirm that the product gross margin remained unchanged and to better understand how much of the incremental investment and consulting services had already taken place and how much was still to come.
John McAdam: Yes. On the service provider space in last quarter, last year. So first of all, in the service provider space, in terms of some of the linearity, as I said, we do expect it to be immaterial from the Traffix sales in the second half. We will see improvement, as well, we're pretty confident of that, in this current quarter as well. It's interesting, I mean, you can imagine that we spent a lot of time looking at our business given the results of last -- of the March quarter last year and not just in service provider, but across the board. To be fair, we haven't really seen seasonality as such in the service provider space in the March quarter. And by that, I mean it was horrible last year and it was awesome the year before. In fact, if you remember, it was a 27% quarter, the March quarter, the year before, so that the comparison was pretty tough. We still believe it's going to be more about projects and our forecast. And we feel fairly solid about what we've done in terms of getting the salesforce over that. So I don't think we're going to see the same issue.
Andy Reinland: Yes. And then on gross margin. Yes, I did say that product margin was down just a little bit, I think 6 basis points, really nothing to that. We didn't see any change in the competitive landscape or change in discounting at all. And I also said in my comments that we think that for the next quarter, it's going to stay at this level. And on the services side, we had a great hiring quarter in Q1 and pretty weighted on the services side, the upper 30%. We're usually, we're a little below 30%. A lot of that was consulting. And now -- so that pulled that margin down and now it's trying to put that consulting to work. I also said, I think, in this quarter, we're going to be pretty much the same level on the services margin and we're going to try to manage at this level throughout the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Amitabh Passi of UBS.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Andy, I just wanted to confirm the percentages you gave us for service provider, government and enterprise. If I did the math correctly, it seems like service provider was up quite dramatically, sequentially. So just trying to understand, were there any big deals that came through? And it doesn't seem like you saw the normal sequential decline in the worldwide government sector. So again, I just wanted to confirm if we have the numbers and the directions right and maybe if you could explain some of the dynamics.
John McAdam: Yes, this is John, actually, let me address it and if Andy wants to jump anytime. But, yes, we saw a whole bunch of large service provider deals in the quarter. Most of them in our core business, most of the revenue, that's why I mentioned about the modest -- in the Traffix area. A lot of it related to 4G, LTE. Interestingly enough, most of the success was actually outside the Americas. Americas had a decent quarter, but some of the increases came in Asia Pacific, Japan and EMEA. We had very strong sales there. Remember, the other comment I made about, generally, from a sales perspective, our enterprise business was pretty strong as well. If -- when you look at the backlog mix that happened, that was a little bit slanted towards the service provider. But also, typically, and we see this quite often, is that when we have a very strong Federal quarter at the end of September, where you get orders right in at the end of September. Some of that federal business will enter backlog and shipped out as well, that was -- probably took up a little bit more than it normally would.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And, John, just as a follow-up on the security side, particularly in the carrier space pertaining to the Gi firewall, who are you running into most often? And who do you think you're taking share from?
John McAdam: Juniper is there, so they've got a very large install base. We think that's, specifically in service provider, is a big opportunity for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian White of Cantor Fitzgerald.
Brian John White - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: John, it looks like Diameter signaling business is at some type of inflection point. I know you said the revenue was modest, but it seems like we're looking at a attractive trajectory going forward. Now I'm just wondering, how do we think about where you're seeing activity in terms of geographically? And also, are deal sizes bigger or smaller than the traditional BIG-IP business?
John McAdam: Yes. I mean, first of all, yes, the deal sizes tend to be projects and, hence, the revenue versus the sales order discussion, they tend to have milestones associated with them and they tend to be bigger, actually fairly significantly bigger, naturally. We think this is the best technology out there, that's key. And we really believe we have the best technology. We need to watch this because there's some big companies out there with some good R&D and we're making sure that we stay ahead in technology. I do think it's come to a bit of an inflation point, actually, from a sales wins perspective. I think it's really done that. It's now all about cementing those wins and increasing more business.
Brian John White - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: And is there any particular geography that stands out where you're seeing more activity?
Manuel F. Rivelo: So, Brian, this is Manny, let me just add. So we're seeing it in all geographies. Obviously, all providers are moving toward LTE, 4G networks. And in the next 2 years, we're projecting to see almost all of them go to that. So we're seeing it across the board. We're seeing it in Europe, we're seeing it in Asia and we're definitely seeing it in the Americas, which probably led this -- the 4G movement was led by the Americas. But to John's point on the technology leadership, our portfolio solves problems that most of the portfolios in the industry don't solve. We provide both DRA, DEA, in a working functionality and support over 30 of the Diameter signaling protocols that are out there, which allows us to really inter-operate with just about any service provider, with just about any component that's out there. So that's just giving us a huge competitive advantage. And then part of the challenge, as you very well know, this is going into a very strategic part of their network. Consequently, proof of concepts take a period of time to make sure if they're working inside those environments. And then, over time, is the acceptance by tier, which leads to consulting work that we need to continue to do so. We're pretty excited about the win so far and we continue to see incremental orders from those that we won, as well as new business. So hopefully, 20- -- the rest of this year will pay out and 2015 we will even be more successful.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rohit Chopra of Wedbush.
Rohit N. Chopra - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to ask John, has there been any revenue through the Cisco partnership yet or any engagements that you can talk about? That's the first question. The second one is for Andy. As far as -- and I know you have to wait for the announcement at RSA, but as far as the building out of the operation centers for the new subscription security product, does that have any impact on the model from an expense standpoint near term? And then when do you think the revenue impact actually hits the model?
John McAdam: Yes, on the Cisco partnership, we've been focusing on technologies and links and roadmap with them, as we have been doing with VMware, as well. There have been engagements, tactical engagements, in geographies. We've seen that in the past, I actually said that in the last call, so I wouldn't really call that out yet.
Andy Reinland: Yes. And on the stocks that we have in Tel Aviv in Seattle, yes, there's an up-front investment there. Some of it, in particular in Seattle, is CapEx. So it will be recognized over time. And the staffing, with Versafe coming in, we had a level of staffing there. So we're going to be adding to that and getting them trained up in anticipation of orders. The thing to point out here for revenue is this is going to be a subscription model. So really what you're going to see over time is that buildup of subscription on the balance sheet that then we'll recognize over time. So I think it will be a slow take-up. But the main message is, yes, it's an upfront investment, but not -- one we think that we can manage in our current gross margin structure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kent Schofield of Goldman Sachs.
Justin Jordan - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: It's Justin Jordan filling in for Kent. Two questions. How should we think about hiring, going forward, given you hired a little bit more than expected in this past quarter? And also, are there any new Cisco displacements to announce? Or where -- are you going to -- how much traction are you seeing in the market with that?
Andy Reinland: Yes. So on the hiring front, I mean, we said on our last call that we plan to be pretty aggressive on hiring. And we did. We had a great quarter this quarter, at 165. For the second quarter, we're going to bring those people in, get them on-boarded. That number will pull back a little bit. We said we're going to be over 100 this time. But I wouldn't read anything into that, it's just bringing people on, managing the expenses as we go forward. But I think you're going to see us continue to be pretty aggressive with particular focus on sales. It's just we're going to have -- want to crank up the salesforce as we see these opportunities developing.
John McAdam: Yes. On the ACE opportunity, no, it still remains to be very strong. We saw some more Fortune 500 wins, brand new, which is clearly good, because we tend to sell a lot into those accounts. We also saw -- typically, North America had been leading the parade, but we're starting to see that happening in Europe and in Asia as well. So, as I said earlier, actually, I think it's probably a 2-year, at least, opportunity.
Operator: Our next question comes from Simon Leopold of Raymond James.
Simon M. Leopold - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I wanted to see if maybe you could provide a little bit of perspective from a macro, following on IBM's commentary last night, that bellwether was somewhat uninspiring and Cisco's guidance last month, somewhat uninspiring. You're selling it into similar markets in terms of data centers and tech. Maybe just if you could step back and sort of help folks understand how you're different than what the bellwethers are indicating.
John McAdam: Yes. I mean, there's a couple of things and, obviously, I can't talk for these companies here. I don't know as much details, probably, as you do. However, I know that they have entered the emerging markets. We haven't seen that, we have said that, in the past, that China is a top market, it actually continues to be that in this kind of quarter. But overall, we're actually happy about the emerging markets. And a lot of that is driven by security and mobility, in mobility, specifically, in emerging markets. So I don't think we've got the same issues. I think the other thing is that we embraced the whole concept with our Synthesis architecture and before that, with the way the R&D was to enter the whole software portfolio that we have. I think that, Stanley, is very well moving forward in terms of being very relevant to the technology trends of software-defined networking of the cloud. So I'm not sure we're quite in the same example as some of the much larger companies.
Simon M. Leopold - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just one clarification. Last quarter, you talked about operating margins in the back half of the fiscal year of being in the upper 30s. Just want to revisit and see if you can confirm that's still true?
Andy Reinland: Yes, we did make that statement and we've made no change to that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Sue of RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: John, if I look back a year ago, things were pretty tough, the company was growing in the mid- to low-single digits. I think you classified as a year of 2 halves. Now we're seeing this re-acceleration. And the simple extrapolation is that F5 has new products, so you're seeing some catch-up of delayed purchases since you now have a refresh. Or do you feel it's more expansive than that? Perhaps the ADC market is becoming more important, virtualization is accelerating. So maybe how that all ties into some qualitative thoughts of larger deals, architectural projects and how that's shaping for the whole year, so that it's -- this is not just a transitory new product refresh?
John McAdam: Okay. I'll leave Manny to talk about the ADC market and what he sees there and other parts of the question. But I do think -- we've always alluded to this a lot, given a year ago. We've done the product transition. We couldn't really put a number out there in terms of what the issues were from a delayed perspective, but it's pretty certain it was -- it's a significant number, that's over. Traffix has, obviously, started to build some momentum. Our security portfolio solution has increased dramatically. I think that's something to remember. And also our name in security has increased dramatically and our channel's ability to execute. So there's some really key issues that, I think, are very, very different from last year. And Manny?
Manuel F. Rivelo: Yes. And what I would add, Mark, to it is, is that the ADC market has grown a lot, changed a lot over the last 5 years. Where I think if you go back about 5 years ago, it was predominantly a traffic management market. And over the last 5 years, it's consumed a lot of new services. Services to not only make applications available, but also make them secure and make them faster. You will give them more performance characteristics. As a result of that, the relevance of that ADC market has grown, whether it be on-prem or in the cloud or a hybrid environment. And that's really what we're seeing. And our strategy that we've been implementing with Synthesis is actually to do that, to create a set of services that sits on top of any network fabric that are highly elastic that can enhance that user-application experience, making it fast, secure and available, no matter where the user may reside, on-prem and/or at home or on the road. And that's really been what we've been focusing on and we're seeing that pay off in the market. Not only in the traditional enterprise markets, but also in the service provider market, because a lot of what you're seeing happening in the service provider market is monetization strategies where you're trying to move more applications to those mobile devices. So I think the ADC, its importance is growing, and rapidly, in all the new architectures that are out there.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So a lot of it does point to your sustainable trends, I guess, from John and your comments, Manny?
Manuel F. Rivelo: Yes. I believe that there's going to being large sustainable trends and you'll see market shifts occurring over the next decade.
Operator: And our last question will come from Tim Long of BMO Capital Markets.
Timothy Long - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Andy, one for you and one for John. Andy, a little bit more aggressive cash usage in the quarter on the buyback, pretty good price that you got out of that, relative to where it's at now. So was there -- and with the incremental allocation here, any change in philosophy on buybacks? Should we expect more healthy levels like we just saw this last quarter on the buyback going forward? And then, John, just curious on the product refresh impacts, I think you mentioned the ACE replacement and Traffix and security has really long-term trends, how long do you think the product refresh, from the last 12 or 18 months, can help results? And when do you think we'll need to maybe touch up some of those products in the portfolio?
Andy Reinland: Yes. So on the buyback, yes, you're right, we -- definitely was a much stronger buyback, given the share price. As the board set price targets, it triggered to the quarter and I think took advantage of a good opportunity for us to act on that. And then we're going to continue to execute with the board, based on the 10b5-1 plan that puts price targets in place. I think the increase of $500 million sends a message. We'll see how that executes out. But they approved it and so we're going to take that direction and send our 10b5-1 and go accordingly.
John McAdam: And then regarding the product refresh, if you look historically, there certainly have been 2 to 3 years of growth that we would assign directly to that, no reason to think that's different. The other thing just well among the subject, but I also -- we feel -- it's still early days, a little bit cautious saying this, but it was -- the good-better-best pricing, I think, is going to go hand-in-hand with that, obviously, from a software module perspective. The other thing, the lesson we've learned big time, is that when we do the refresh the next time, it will not be as elongated now. It won't take over such a long time as we've done before. And probably, we'll be more -- going to be more aggressive about the timing between the refresh. And Karl might want to comment on that.
Karl D. Triebes: Yes. I mean, I talked about this at the Analyst Day. But we are going to be definitely -- we've already actually started our design cycle in terms of looking at the roadmap and where we're going to be refreshing the appliances. But having said that, we're also introducing, every release, new hardware and new variance of our platforms. And we just released the 2250 blade, the new high-end VIPRION blade that runs over almost 4X the performance in layer 7. It's got a bunch of other features with multi-tenancy and other things. And we have new hardware that will be coming out in each release as we go forward, including some upcoming ones later this year. So we're continually adding to our high-end, we're continually adding to the platforms, but we will be starting, in terms of when we start refreshing things, we'll be refreshing them at different cadence. And part of our cadence is aligning with some of our component vendors to make sure that we're right at the cutting-edge of when they're releasing their next-generation components, so that we're aligned with that. And we were -- as part of the last release was that alignment and we think we're in that cadence now that we can drive towards. So...
John Eldridge: Okay. Thank you very much for joining us. And again, if you have any follow-up questions, please don't hesitate to give me a call. Thank you. Talk to you next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-10-23 16:30:00) =====
Executives: John Eldridge Andy Reinland - Chief Finance Officer and Executive Vice President John McAdam - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Manuel F. Rivelo - Executive Vice President of Strategic Solutions
Analysts: Timothy Long - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Benjamin A. Reitzes - Barclays Capital, Research Division Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Brent A. Bracelin - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Erik Suppiger - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division Troy D. Jensen - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Sanjiv R. Wadhwani - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Paul Silverstein - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Simon M. Leopold - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Brian T. Modoff - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5 Networks Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2013 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Also, today's call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Eldridge: Thank you, Sharon, and welcome all of you to our conference call for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2013. John McAdam, President and CEO, and Andy Reinland, Exec VP and Chief Financial Officer will be the speakers on today's call. The other members of our executive team are also on hand to answer questions following John and Andy's prepared comments. If you have any follow-up questions after the call, please direct them to me at (206) 272-6571. A copy of today's press release is available on our website, f5.com. In addition, you can access an archived version of today's live webcast from the Events Calendar page of our website through January 22. From 4:30 p.m. today until 5:00 p.m. Pacific time, October 24, you can also listen to a telephone replay at (800) 568-3652 or (203) 369-3289. During today's call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our SEC filings and described in detail in our quarterly releases. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. Before we begin the call, I want to remind you that we are holding our 2013 Analyst Investor Meeting at the Sofitel Hotel in New York on November 14. If you plan to attend the meeting and haven't registered, you can register online from the link on our IR Events Calendar web page for November 14. We hope you can join us there. Now I'll turn the call over to Andy Reinland.
Andy Reinland: Thank you, John. We are very pleased with the momentum we saw in our business across the back half of fiscal year 2013. Q4 was a solid finish to the year, with very strong customer reception to our new platforms, record competitive win rates and increasing traction from expanding market opportunities. Entering fiscal year 2014 with the most innovative set of products and solutions to date, we feel better than ever about our strategic position in the market and the opportunities ahead. Following my discussion of results for the fourth quarter and for fiscal year 2013, I will provide guidance for the first quarter of fiscal 2014 and outline our general planning assumptions and expectations for the year. Now our results for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013. Revenue of $395.3 million was above our guided range of $378 million to $388 million, up 7% from the prior quarter and 9% from the fourth quarter a year ago. GAAP EPS was $0.97 per share, above our guidance of $0.93 to $0.96 per share. These GAAP EPS results include a $0.04 per share impact from a higher-than-anticipated GAAP effective tax rate due to a onetime adjustment of deferred tax assets related to Acopia. Our non-GAAP EPS was $1.26 per share, above guidance of $1.17 to $1.20 per share. Q4 product revenue of $212.3 million, up 8% from Q3 and 1% from the fourth quarter of last year, represented 54% of revenue. Service revenue of $183 million increased 5% sequentially and 20% year-over-year and accounted for 46% of revenue. Book-to-bill for the quarter was greater than 1. Q4 revenue from our Application Delivery Services business was $391.9 million and revenue from our ARX file virtualization business was $3.4 million. On a regional basis, the Americas grew 15% year-over-year and represented 59% of revenue. EMEA accounted for 22% of overall revenue, growing 7% year-over-year. APAC, representing 13% of revenue, decreased 1% year-over-year. And Japan, at 5% of revenue, was down 11% from a year ago. By vertical, finance represented 22% of sales during the quarter; telco, 18%; and technology, 15%. Total government was 14% of sales, including 7% from U.S. federal. During Q4, we had 3 greater than 10% distributors, Ingram Micro, which accounted for 16.3% of total revenue; Avnet, which represented 15.8%; and Westcon at 11.6% of revenue. Continuing down the income statement. GAAP gross margin in Q4 was 83.1%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 83.9%. GAAP operating expenses of $203.2 million were within our $199 million to $206 million guided range and included a onetime $2.4 million charge related to the consolidation of certain subleases at our corporate headquarters. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $181 million. Driven by strong Q4 revenue, GAAP operating margin was 31.7% and non-GAAP operating margin was 38.1%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter, impacted by the onetime adjustment related to deferred tax assets previously discussed, was 39.5%, above our forecast of 37%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 34.5%, in line with our forecast. Turning to the balance sheet. In Q4, we generated $148 million cash flow from operations, which contributed to cash and investments totaling $1.27 billion at year end. For all of fiscal 2013, cash flow from operations totaled $500 million. DSO was 46 days. Inventory at the end of the quarter was $19 million. Deferred revenue increased 19% year-over-year to $531.4 million. In Q4, we repurchased approximately 569,000 shares of our common stock at an average price of $87.79 per share for a total of $50 million. Approximately 181 million remains authorized under the current share repurchase program. During the quarter, we added 170 employees, ending the year with approximately 3,355 full-time employees. For the fiscal year, we added 325 employees, an increase of 11%. For the full year, revenue for all of fiscal 2013 was $1.48 billion, up 8% from fiscal 2012. Product revenue of $798.9 million was down 2% from the prior year and accounted for 54% of total revenue. Service revenue of $682.5 million grew 22% during the year and represented 46% of the total. GAAP net income for fiscal 2013 was $277.3 million or $3.50 per share. Non-GAAP net income was $362.9 million or $4.59 per share. Moving on to our guidance for Q1 and our fiscal year '14 outlook. As discussed during our third quarter call, we expect to see normal seasonality as we enter a new fiscal year, characteristic of most of our peers in the tech industry. We also anticipate a more significant pullback in sales from U.S. federal government, following the disruption from the October government shutdown. At the same time, we are encouraged by the recent momentum in our business and the continued ramp in sales of our new platforms, and we plan to continue investing in the business to leverage current and emerging opportunities and drive top line growth. For the first quarter of fiscal 2014, we are targeting revenue in a range of $390 million to $400 million. We expect GAAP gross margins in the 82% to 83% range, including approximately $4 million of stock-based compensation expense and $1.7 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. We estimate GAAP operating expenses of $219 million to $226 million, including approximately $32 million of stock-based compensation expense and $0.4 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. As discussed on our call -- our Q3 call, we decided to move our annual date for issuing RSUs to employees from August 1 to November 1 to better align these awards with our fiscal year end and annual reviews. And we expected stock-based compensation expense to drop in Q4 and to be higher in Q1. As such, stock comp expense in Q4 decreased to $22 million from $28 million in Q3. Our Q1 '14 guidance of $36 million in total stock-based compensation reflects the upcoming annual RSU grant in November and general growth of the employee base. We anticipate an effective tax rate of 38% for the quarter and a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 35%. These estimates do not assume an extension of the federal R&D tax credit beyond 2013. Our Q1 GAAP earnings target is $0.81 to $0.84 per share. Our non-GAAP earnings target is $1.17 to $1.20 per share. We expect DSO in the 50-day range. We anticipate inventories in the range of $19 million to $21 million. We believe we will generate cash flow from operations in excess of $155 million, and we plan to increase our headcount by approximately 125 to 150 employees during the quarter. Looking out to the year ahead, our general planning assumptions and expectations for the year are as follows: We believe the company-specific drivers, new products and expanding market opportunities that propelled our growth in the second half of fiscal 2013 position us to achieve year-over-year product revenue growth throughout fiscal 2014. We anticipate overall gross margins may decline 50 to 100 basis points over the course of the year, driven by increased investment in our consulting services, which carry lower margins. It is our view that in addition to increasing services revenue, these investments drive future product growth, deal sizes, customer penetration and overall customer satisfaction. In line with our revenue expectations and as a result of our commitment to continue investing in our business to drive top line growth, we expect non-GAAP operating margins to be in the mid-30s range for the first half of the year and to strengthen to the upper 30s range in the second half. Capital expenditures are expected to be $6 million to $12 million per quarter. We expect Q2 stock compensation to be consistent with Q1 and to decrease in Q3 and Q4. Total stock compensation expense for fiscal 2014 is anticipated in the range of $130 million to $135 million. And finally, assuming the R&D tax credit is not extended during fiscal 2014, we expect our effective tax rates to average approximately 38% on a GAAP basis and 35% on a non-GAAP basis throughout the year. I'd now like to note a couple of changes in information we will be providing with our reported results beginning in Q1. We believe that the level of granularity we provide on sales by vertical segment often results in a distorted perspective on the overall trends in our business. In most cases, quarterly strength or weakness in any one vertical is more of a result of volatility rather than a significant upward or downward trend and often engenders more confusion than insight into our business momentum. As such, we have made a decision to reduce the number of vertical segments we break out. Beginning in Q1, we will no longer provide separate data for the finance and technology verticals. Instead, we will combine these with more than half a dozen other verticals, currently grouped together as other, into a single segment called Enterprise. Along with the percentage of Enterprise sales bookings during the quarter, we will continue to provide separate percentages for telco and government, including a breakout for U.S. federal. Also, beginning in Q1, we will no longer report book-to-bill on a quarterly basis. We believe the value of this metric has become very limited and will be less meaningful as we expand into new pricing and licensing models, such as our subscription-based model from our recent Versafe acquisition. We also believe inconsistencies in reporting this metric across the industry creates confusion. As such, discussion of backlog and book-to-bill could be misleading in any given quarter, both in terms of providing insight into our reported results and as a predictor of future performance. As John mentioned, we will be holding our Analyst Investor Meeting at the New York Sofitel on November 14. We look forward to seeing you there. With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
John McAdam: Thanks, Andy, and good afternoon, everyone. I will take a few minutes to discuss F5's performance in fiscal 2013, talk in more detail about our Q4 results and then comment on our outlook and exciting opportunities we see going into fiscal 2014. Fiscal 2013 was really a tale of 2 halves. We experienced continued decline in year-over-year growth in Q1, and particularly in Q2, the quarter ending in March. In the second half of the year, we experienced strong sequential growth and improving year-over-year growth with strong sales momentum in Q4. During fiscal 2013, we continued to invest in additional headcount during the year, increasing our total net headcount by 325 employees, ending the year with a total of 3,355 employees. We exited fiscal 2013 with a stellar balance sheet with almost $1.3 billion in cash and investments and no debt, having purchased 200 million of our common stock during the year. Fiscal 2013 was very productive from a product development perspective. We completed our largest appliance product refresh ever, and we developed a host of new software solutions, which have significantly expanded our addressable market. We believe these new platforms and software solutions will drive market share gains in our key markets. New platforms delivered in the year include a high-end VIPRION 8-slot chassis and a new range of appliances, the BIG-IP 2000, 4000, 5000, 7000 and 10000 Series. We also introduced the largest portfolio of software virtualization products supporting the top 5 hypervisor platforms, VMware, Microsoft, Xen, KVM and Amazon Web Services, with the best performance in the industry. This array of new physical and virtual products enhance even further when integrated in F5's innovative ScaleN multi-tenant and clustering architecture, allowing our customers to seamlessly scale operations to realize the full value of virtualization, cloud computing and on-demand IT. Perhaps the most strategic platform which we introduced in fiscal 2013 was our new centralized management platform, BIG-IQ. Our strategy is to have BIG-IQ provide centralized management orchestration and automation for all BIG-IP modules, either standalone software solutions and/or integrated solutions. BIG-IQ is designed to provide our customers with maximum flexibility in how they deploy and manage the entire suite of F5 solutions globally, either on premise or in the cloud. We also increased our security solution portfolio during the year with the addition of the Advanced Firewall Manager, AFM. And we also added significant enhancements to our application firewall and access solutions, ASM and APM. I was extremely pleased with our execution across our security business in fiscal 2013. Approximately 30% of our total product sales last year included one or more of our key security products, ASM, APM and AFM, as part of the overall customer solution. It is clear that the architecture of our ADC platform with our TMOS full-proxy functionality provides the unique characteristics and performance needed to protect applications and individual users from complex and sophisticated attacks. There's a growing awareness of our security solutions in the marketplace, and we expect our strong sales momentum in this market to continue in fiscal 2014. We have seen growth in security sales across all our major verticals, both in the enterprise and in the service provider markets. In particular, we see a large opportunity in the service provider market with our Gi firewall solution. Our Gi firewall is situated on the perimeter between our service provider's mobile network and the Internet, and is ideal for protecting subscribers and network from complex attacks such as large DDoS threats. We are starting to see wins in the service provider market with our new policy enforcement and carrier-grade network address translation modules, and we have also made tremendous progress with our Traffix Diameter solutions for LTE rollouts. Our competitive win rate for Diameter opportunities has strengthened throughout the year, and we believe we have a real technology advantage with our Diameter solution portfolio. We are involved in some large-scale implementations with Tier 1 service provider LTE rollouts and the pipeline of future business continues to grow. Our Services business delivered strong performance consistently throughout fiscal 2013 and continued to be a significant profit and revenue growth contributor, while maintaining customer satisfaction at world-class levels. The attach rate of service-to-product sales continues to improve, and we once again experienced excellent renewal rates. We also continued to grow our consulting business, which increases customer satisfaction and drives additional product revenues. We completed 2 acquisitions during fiscal 2013. In February, we acquired LineRate Systems. Their patented technology enables web application developers to integrate programmable network services directly into applications. The LineRate technology broadens our application-focused ADC solutions and advances our overall ADC technology leadership. In September, we acquired Versafe, an existing F5 technology partner. Versafe provides state-of-the-art technology for Internet, anti-fraud, anti-phishing and anti-malware solutions. Versafe's advanced real-time web and mobile protection solutions, combined with a security operation center, will provide greater breadth to F5's existing security solutions. I believe that both of these acquisitions will prove to be strategic assets in fiscal 2014 and beyond. As far as Q4 is concerned, I am very pleased with our results. We delivered 9% year-over-year growth in spite of a cautious spending environment. More importantly, we delivered both sequential and year-over-year product revenue growth. From a geographic perspective, the Americas region was once again our best performing region, with both strong sequential and year-over-year product sales growth. Sales in EMEA were also up both year-over-year and sequentially, but sales in our Asia-Pacific, Japan region were down as we experienced a tough business environment in China. We posted another record quarter in security sales with continued momentum in AFM, APM and ASM sales. As I mentioned earlier, our Traffix Diameter LTE sales win rate continues to increase, and we delivered a record number of sales wins in Q4, with Cisco ACE replacement projects. We have now recorded over 900 ACE replacement project wins in fiscal 2013, and we continue to see the pattern where we replace ACE products with F5 platforms, offering customers additional functionality, including security, access control and application acceleration. As we begin the new fiscal year, it is appropriate to remain cautious given the well-publicized uncertain macroeconomic environment. Having said that, we believe we have a number of reasons to be confident as we move into fiscal 2014. We enter the year with a number of tangible business drivers, including the product refresh opportunity, continued security sales growth, new opportunities in the service provider market with our consolidation strategy and our Traffix LTE Diameter solutions and continued momentum with ACE replacements. More importantly, I believe F5 is uniquely positioned to take advantage of the fast-moving technology and business trends, including the growth of private and public clouds, 4G, wireless rollouts, complex global security threats, network function virtualization and software defined everything. I look forward to reviewing our strategy and future plans in some detail at our Analyst Investor Day on November 14. As far as the Q1 outlook is concerned, Andy provided our projected revenue range, as well as some of our high-level expectations for 2014. As I mentioned last quarter and several times over the last few years, we expect to see some seasonality in our business during Q1. This first quarter seasonality, which is normal in the technology market and in line with our peers, is reflected in our guidance. Acceleration of product revenue growth continues to be the major financial goal for fiscal 2014. I believe the growth drivers are in place to achieve this goal, and I remain very optimistic about the future of F5 as we enter fiscal 2014. I'd like to take this opportunity to thank the entire F5 team and their partners for their tremendous efforts last year, and I look forward to continued support in fiscal 2014. I'll now hand the call over for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tim Long of BMO Capital.
Timothy Long - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just a question or 2 on the guidance, if I could. It sounds like a little bit of a period of investment here, so we're going to see operating margins probably for the next few quarters a little lower than they've been. Could you just talk about how long-term you think that would be? Is there a change in kind of the investment required? And related to that, similarly, on the gross margin, is this a sign that maybe the market is getting a little bit more competitive and these industry-leading gross margins maybe have to continue to fall a little bit?
Andy Reinland: Yes, so this is Andy. Taking the second question first on the gross margin. We haven't really seen the competitive landscape change that much. Really, for us, we see next year product margin being as strong as it's been. My comments were about wanting to invest in consulting, that it's just a lower margin business but is becoming a higher priority for us as we see the impact of getting consultants into these large customers, providing value, being a constant F5 presence and pushing our messaging and looking for new opportunities. So that will pull the margin down, but we think that will more than pay for itself. Related to the op margin, so we see it as kind of a first half, second half, right. In the first half, we want to continue investing in the business through the year. Just looking at our guidance for Q1 and the first half, we think we'll see that operating margin in the mid-30s for the first half. Second half, we should see it improve up to the upper 30s.
Timothy Long - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. That upper 30s is probably more indicative of your long-term goals though?
Andy Reinland: I think it's a reality with what we think is going to happen in terms of revenue growth through the year. But as we've always done, we'll watch the business and manage accordingly.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Reitzes of Barclays.
Benjamin A. Reitzes - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Two things if I can on what you just said to Tim's question with regard to revenue growth throughout the year. I was wondering if you could be a little more -- give us a little more on that with regard to how revenue progresses throughout the year? When do you get the yield on that consulting investments that you're doing? And then you said competition hasn't changed, but Citrix just confirmed some weakness in NetScaler and obviously, they had some bigger numbers in other quarters, and it does appear that something might have changed with regard to them. And I was wondering if you could clarify your statement that nothing has changed. It seems like you guys, obviously, have rebounded. So if you could comment on the revenue trajectory throughout 2014, when you get the yield on consulting and then what you're thinking there in a little more detail, and then the competition question.
John McAdam: Yes, this is John McAdam. I'll answer the second question regarding the competition. I mean, nothing's changed in terms of the competitors that we're up against. But if you look at what's changed from our perspective is that we're -- obviously, we've completed the product refresh and we believe that the product refresh that we've done makes us more competitive. Also, we've added a lot of functionality to our software portfolio that I talked about. And if you look at CR security products, we think we've got best-of-breed throughout the main solution portfolio, so we're in really good position. Also, our competitive win rates. I think Andy actually mentioned this, our competitive win rates were at record levels last quarter. So we've talked about it being in the high 80s and the 90s. They actually hit record levels, which would imply that we're in a good position from a competitive perspective.
Andy Reinland: And to the other elements of your question. The revenue uptick, I'm not going to get any more definitive than the comments made in my script that we think we are very well-positioned going into the year. We do anticipate Q1 seasonality and our guidance, I think, reflects that. But we do believe we're positioned to achieve year-over-year product revenue growth throughout the year. And I'm going to leave my comments at that. Also, on consulting, we actually think the uptick on revenue there is close to immediate. I mean, the real issue is getting them in, getting them trained, but we believe the demand is there for more consulting services and we're going to hire to meet that demand.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Sue of RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I'm trying to reconcile the weak first half that we saw versus the strong second half. And I'm trying to see if the second half, was that, in the cadence of it was really deferred projects that got recognized in the second half, was it just a slower ramp of the new products that we're now seeing at the moment. And just to give us some color, if we look at the annual numbers, were up 9%. We're seeing a decline there. Any thoughts of the maturation of the ADC market, John, your thoughts there? And then Andy, just a split between the higher expense, sales and marketing and R&D?
John McAdam: Okay. Just on the first part, yes, as I said, it really was a tale of 2 halves in fiscal 2013. If you look at the first half, we really -- we were in the -- not even in the middle of the product refresh. We'd started it at the beginning of the year, and we started bringing in some products. It was pretty well-known that we were doing the product refresh. It's hard to actually judge what the Osborne effect was in that with customers delaying. But there's definitely was some of it. So I think that was an area. The other thing that we talked about is the $1 million transactions in the first half, indicating a pretty tough spending environment from our perspective. We saw improvement in that in Q4, so I think we've seen across the enterprise, in particular, definitely an uptick in spending in Q4. And then of course, we didn't have -- we don't have that Osborne effect affecting us at all. The other thing -- so that's that. Then the other thing I think has definitely helped us in the second half is adding more software functionality, more solutions and expanding the market. The best example of that is the advanced firewall manager that we actually started, I think shipping that towards the end of February. But it really started to take off in the second half and that's also been a good driver. So there's been some fairly significant changes between those 2 halves, and I think that's the biggest difference.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. John, any thoughts that market just maturing, the base ADC market. Because I know you're doing well in security but just the bread-and-butter ADC market.
John McAdam: I think to answer that question, you really need to sort of understand our strategy in that market. Our strategy in the ADC market, and it's been that since we come out with TMOS years ago, but the strategy is basically to make sure that our solution, the ADC, application delivery controller, is really a base platform that can be built on with extra solutions. And as you build those extra solutions, you are increasing your market. So we have constantly, over the years, increased the ADC market. Is load balancing a mature market? Absolutely. Is it significant to our strategy? Not that much. I mean we've got the best load balancer, but the key for us is our security solution, our service provider solutions, the expansion areas in the market. And from that, I would say it's the opposite. I'd say it was the ADC market, we are constantly making it an ever-increasing and newer type market.
Andy Reinland: And then, Mark, you were asking about the breakdown of sales and R&D as a percent of revenue. So non-GAAP sales was 28%. R&D was 12%.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Going into the first half, that's kind of the mix that we should expect?
Andy Reinland: We don't comment on that going forward. I think you're going to see us focus on investing from a headcount perspective pretty much as we have historically in the 30% service, 30% Dev and the rest in sales.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brent Bracelin of Pacific Crest.
Brent A. Bracelin - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: One clarification and one question. The clarification was on margins. You mentioned 50 to 100 basis point decline in margins, but most of that's going to be in the service side. So just clarifying, are you indicating that product gross margin would remain at the 85% level that it's been at the last 2 years?
Andy Reinland: Yes, I think that's basically what we're laying out there. And obviously, we have some elements of our business on the software side that could drive that, but we're not planning on that improvement as we model out the year.
Benjamin A. Reitzes - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, helpful. And then my question really ties to the product increase sequentially arose, what, 8% sequentially. That's the highest we've seen in about 2 years. If I back out the telco government business, the new general enterprise category was up 10%, strong as well. So I guess my question would be, how would you characterize what drove that increase? Was it specifically tied to the 2 new appliances, the 5000 and 7000 that shipped in the quarter where there was some pent-up demand? Was it broader-based? Any additional color you could provide relative to kind of the pipeline of opportunities and kind of what drove the momentum in the quarter would be helpful.
John McAdam: Yes. I mean, it was pretty broad based. I mean, if you look at some of the drivers we talk about, clearly, I mentioned the ACE replacements that we did during the year, that has obviously been a good opportunity for us, and that is very, very broad based. Security has been awesome, so security has continued. But in terms of the overall data center spending, especially in the enterprise, that was pretty wide and we saw bigger deals coming in as well. We didn't -- it wasn't linked to 2 or 3 really big opportunities. It was more broad based, but we did see an uptick on the higher end, million-dollar-plus orders.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erik Suppiger of JMP Securities.
Erik Suppiger - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: First off, I think at your last Analyst Day, you had given us a sense for the contribution from security. Can you give us any color on kind of the size or the growth that you've seen in security during fiscal '13? And then secondly, what was the contribution from new customers versus existing customers in the quarter? And have you seen any change in terms of Cisco's reception to working with you versus the partnership with Citrix?
John McAdam: Yes. On the first part, I mentioned in my introduction that approximately 30% of the sales we made in fiscal 2013 had one or more of the security modules involved in the sale. So clearly, that's a pretty -- and that's up pretty significantly from the previous year, I mentioned this a couple of times, security has been a strong driver. The issue we have, and we really don't have any solution to this, is that the reason we wanted it the way we have is that our customers do more than just security with our products. That's the whole point of the ADC strategy. I mean, you could -- if you made a very strong -- if you're very biased towards security, you could say most of that business was driven that way, but that's not quite the case, its driven by a range of our portfolio of solutions, but up significantly from the previous year and linked into 30%, approximately 30% of the overall sales bookings that we're making.
Andy Reinland: And then Erik, for your question on new versus existing. So in this quarter, as we look it new business was about 47% and existing business was 53%. You compare that to a year ago where new business was about 40% versus 60%. So we are definitely seeing a trend to new business, which we think is those ACE opportunities.
John McAdam: Yes, and just on that you mentioned about partnering with Cisco, we -- if you look globally, there has been the odd situation where that happened. But frankly, it's been tactical and where sales teams may want to work together. The interesting thing is, we certainly don't compete with them much. There's not much competitive overlap at all. But from an ACE perspective, we feel pretty comfortable about our value proposition, partnering or not.
Operator: The next question comes from Troy Jensen of Piper Jaffray.
Troy D. Jensen - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Andy, did you say service provider vertical is 18% of sales?
Andy Reinland: Yes, 18.
Troy D. Jensen - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Can you guys just touch on that. If you look at year-to-date, a year ago, it looks like you did -- I excuse me, I guess I was looking at the only 3 months or 9-months over 9-months. But just in general, can you talk about the service provider verticals, seems like it's down from last year, the pipeline there, deal pushouts, anything you can say in the telco business?
John McAdam: Yes, and you're right. I mean, obviously, we had a pretty tough one in March, where it was 17 and 18% is definitely in the -- we've typically been doing, as you point out, Troy, between 20% and 25%, sometimes a little bit more than that. We talked about this a lot. It's very project-related, the telco business, and it tends to be lumpy. So I think you're going to see movements like that happening. Having said that, and I'm going to ask Manny to comment as well, Manny runs the service provider and the security business, but he can comment in a second. But there's bright spots. I mean, we've started to see some policy enforcement wins. We had Carrier-Grade NAT wins, these in effectively new modules, that was last quarter. I mentioned about Traffix, the revenue in Traffix is still relatively light, but the project wins are increasing rapidly. So we expect, as we start to see rollouts and milestones being met, a link to revenue, you'll start to see some benefit there. And then the big opportunity, I think, I mentioned this, is security. We're actually doing, we think we got a big opportunity with the Gi firewall, and with the firewall solutions in general. Because of the performance, because of the complexity of what we can handle. And in fact, we're actually working and looking at some trials right now with some of the large service providers where that is actually affecting our roadmap, because that's what we want to do. We want to make sure that we've got -- we customize it to their needs. So we feel, going forward, we have a real opportunity with security in particular. Manny?
Manuel F. Rivelo: I'll just comment, Troy, a couple of thoughts. I think John captured it very well. What we're seeing in the service provider arena is we're seeing service providers needing to do a couple of things. One is reduce their total cost of ownership of their networks and really address the economics out of the equation. So we're working with service providers on how we take our agency platform, really the combination of services, and deploy those services in their infrastructure, either physical implementation and/or software implementation for their NFV deployments that are out there. And really, that's about service consolidation, moving from this concept of device sprawl to eloquently managing their services. In that arena, they're also looking -- moving very aggressively in addressing the monetization side of the house. And to do that, they're becoming much more application-centric in guaranteeing quality of service, if you will, or experience to the applications. Well, what becomes really interesting is then that they need to start addressing a lot of the ADC characteristics around accelerating applications, making them available, but also the security concerns of those applications. So we think we're pretty well aligned, but as John pointed out, they take a while because they are big deals. They tend to move a little slower because of the implementations. But we feel confident with our security solutions. We feel very confident with our application and Traffix steering solutions, and really confident also with our Diameter stock to take advantage of the 4G movement that's out there.
Troy D. Jensen - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: And if I could follow up on that, Manny, you guys talk a lot about large-scale traffic wins, could you frame up what large scale is? I mean, these multi-million dollar deals initially with a lot of repeat business to follow?
John McAdam: These are the deals that can often be more than million dollars plus and also they can be Tier 1 providers.
Manuel F. Rivelo: All right. So we are seeing those deal across the globe in every single theater and they start out relatively small, but they're all maturing to very significant opportunities for us right now. And as you know, the 4G movement is really still in its infancy in the sense that only 1/3 of the global operators in the world have moved to Diameter. But the movement over the next couple of years is to 100%. So we expect that these 400 or so mobile operators out there that are going to be implementing Diameter solutions and only growing, over that window of time, their needs.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sanjiv Wadhwani of Stifel.
Sanjiv R. Wadhwani - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: John, a question on ACE. You gave a metric, you've done 900 replacements. Can you talk about 2014, do you still see significant opportunities and growth in that segment of the market? And then briefly if you could touch on Japan, it sort of been down year-over-year for about a year now. So can you just talk about what's going on there?
John McAdam: Okay. Yes. On ACE, absolutely. I mean, we reckon the installed base is probably $1 billion plus. But the key thing we keep hammering on, because it's very real, we've got great experience of this now, is that when we do an ACE replacement it's typically a new project and certainly -- or a new account for us and it means we can sell more of our solution portfolio. Security is the best example, but not the only example. So as we've seen this pattern, so we think it's the actual market opportunity is much bigger than $1 billion. So it's probably at least a 2- to 3-year market we will be talking about. But remember, once we get into accounts like these accounts, we sell much more so it's effectively an everlasting opportunity for us. And what was the -- oh, Japan was the other question. Yes, you're right. I mean, we -- what we're seeing in Japan is we definitely saw a big jump in business after the tsunami, and I think there was clearly a lot of data center builds happened. And last year, in particular, 2013, was a pretty tough comparison every single quarter, with those data center build-outs. So we would expect to see year-over-year growth now in most, if not all quarters. We'll see, we'll take this a step at a time, growth in Japan. So not too worried about it. I do think 2014 is going to look better from a comparison's perspective.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Silverstein of Cowen and Company.
Paul Silverstein - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions, guys. First off, Andy, I trust it goes without saying in terms of your product gross margin commentary that pricing has not become a more meaningful issue?
Andy Reinland: Yes. We have not seen a change in the competitive environment other than our comments on increasing win rates. So yes, pricing has not changed.
John McAdam: I mean, the question has been asked 2 or 3 times. Just to be really clear on this, the gross margin that we're talking about is about consulting resources and professional services. To push projects faster, get product revenue faster and increase customer satisfaction, and we're seeing a real demand for it from the customer base, so it's not something we can ignore.
Paul Silverstein - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Understood. Secondly, I heard your comments about the number of million-dollar deals having picked up, versus they've been lackluster for several quarters they've picked up this quarter, I heard that. But can you comment on average deal size? Can you give us a number, either or some rough quantification versus the preceding quarter?
Andy Reinland: Yes. So it's actually been fairly constant over the last 2 quarters, right at 100,000. And interestingly enough, if you go back to Q4 a year ago, it was right at 100,000. So we've seen it be pretty consistent at that level.
Paul Silverstein - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Was there a dip? Refresh my memory, was there a dip in the intervening couple of quarters? When you say a year ago, was that 100 and the last 2 quarters, it was at 100?
Andy Reinland: No, it's actually been fairly consistent through the year.
Paul Silverstein - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: One more if I may, if you already answered this, my apologies. But when you look at the government vertical, everyone's obviously talking about government concerns, goes without saying. What are you guys seeing?
John McAdam: Yes, it's John here. I mean, basically, first of all, main thing is that we've got great pipeline there. We had a pretty good Q4. We feel really good about our team. But I think you'd be crazy right now to make any future type statements on a federal government, in particular, I'm talking about. So we'll just see how things roll out. But I think in terms of what we do across the government, the fact that it's very Internet-based, the fact that their consolidating data centers, I think is going to remain a good vertical for us. But we're certainly not going to talk forward-looking, especially in the short-term over the next 6 months. We'll see -- we're clearly taking a conservative view when we come up with guidance.
Paul Silverstein - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: John, Can I squeeze one more in. With respect to the December guidance, are you all expecting product revenue to -- can you give us some sense for what your expectation is? It just turned positive for the first time in a while, I mean, year-over-year perspective, should we expect...
John McAdam: Andy stated in his introduction, I think he actually repeated in the question that we would expect to see product revenue growth year-over-year each quarter next year.
Paul Silverstein - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: But can you give us some quantification from [indiscernible]
John McAdam: That's all we're giving you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Simon Leopold of Raymond James.
Simon M. Leopold - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: A couple of things. Just a quick clarification, on the fiscal year commentary, you talked about gross margin declining 50 to 100 basis points through the year and you've also talked about the services pushed towards lower margin consulting. So I just wanted to see what's your thinking in terms of your product gross margin through the year, essentially is the 50 to 100 all because of services? Or is there some element of gross margin decline in your products?
John McAdam: Okay. I don't like to be aggressive here but, clearly, we've made this point a couple of times. So I'll make it again and please don't ask anybody else on the call. The consultancy is why the gross margin -- we're going to see some small decline there. It's not in product. We feel really strong about our product competitiveness. We've added more software modules, so there's always a chance that we actually can improve that. And we're not being pushed in services down to the lower-type end [ph]. We're actually, it's incremental. Our core Services business remains great with high renewal rates, high attach rates, all that good stuff. But as we get more and more complex environments, whether it's large rollouts or whatever, customers would like more and more consultancy from us and we're addressing that customer needs.
Simon M. Leopold - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I also want to see if you could touch on China. You talked about that being weak in the quarter. Other tech companies have talked about China issues. If you could help us understand, first of all, what your exposure is to China and what your thoughts are in terms of what caused the issues?
John McAdam: Yes. It's definitely been a tough environment. I know -- probably like you have been listening to other vendors as well. I mean, we're just seeing a tough spending environment that basically the number of government-sponsored projects seems to be reduced. I don't know how long it's going to last. Our exposure isn't massive. I mean, we've got good operation in China, a number of offices there. But it's a smaller percentage of our business. I don't think it's a massive exposure. And frankly, moving forward, I don't think it's a big exposure at all because we probably have a low baseline there, but we did think we should call it out.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Modoff of Deutsche Bank.
Brian T. Modoff - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I won't ask a question with a negative connotation. A couple of things. Can you talk a little bit about the telco side? You were saying that you're starting to see bigger opportunities there. Do you expect as a percent of revenue through the year, do you expect that to grow larger? And then, how's management viewing your NexGen network firewall opportunity, TAM point of view, looking mainly at kind of $2 billion ingress market or are you looking at the full $7 billion security TAM?
John McAdam: All right. They're both in Manny's field. I'll mention -- He can mention the security, I'll just talk again about telco. It's hard to predict in terms of if you took the whole year where we think it will be percentage-wise. I think you're going to see a similar trend of what we've seen. So some good quarters as projects rollout, and then maybe some not too good ones as we've seen some project delays. But we really do see some strong opportunities in telco. We think we've got great a strategy with the consolidation strategy that fits exactly where they want to go in terms of reducing the number of boxes, having them in one consolidated solution, whether it's Policy Management, Traffix D, security. Security and sales, we think could definitely be extremely good for us, especially if we execute on these trials and bring the functionality that we're working on feverishly. We think that could be a very big opportunity for us. And then as we've mentioned a couple of times, we feel our Traffix win rate is definitely improving, and improved dramatically over the last fiscal year. So we've got some real good tangible drivers there. So Manny can talk about security and obviously, comment on telco as well.
Manuel F. Rivelo: Brian, let me give you some more background on security area. So if we feel look at security, it's a little broader than that, just the NexGen firewall. And we'll break this out for you in 2 weeks or in New York at the Analyst Day. But some of the markets that we're after are the firewall market, and that is not the NexGen traditional firewall market, think about that more as the -- or the NexGen new market, think about it more as the traditional firewall market, which is a $2 billion market. But above and beyond that market, we're in a security market segment around web application firewall. We are in the market around web access management. We're in the market around remote access, DDoS protection, mobile security management and web anti-fraud. So the market is significantly larger and has a very large CAGR that's actually going to exceed that $7 billion. So we'll share that information with you, but it's much more than just firewall, it's a whole solution set, both for the user, for the network and for the applications.
John Eldridge: Okay. Thanks a lot for joining us, and we hope many of you will be able to attend our Analyst Meeting in New York on November 14. And for those of you who can't, we look forward to talking with you next quarter.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-07-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: John Eldridge Andy Reinland - Chief Finance Officer and Executive Vice President John McAdam - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Manuel F. Rivelo - Executive Vice President of Strategic Solutions
Analysts: Jess L. Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Benjamin A. Reitzes - Barclays Capital, Research Division Sanjiv R. Wadhwani - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Troy D. Jensen - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Paul Silverstein - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Erik Suppiger - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division Scott Thompson - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Natarajan Subrahmanyan - The Juda Group, Research Division Stanley Kovler - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5 Networks' Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Also, today's call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time.  I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Eldridge: Thanks, Sharon. Welcome, everyone, to our conference call for the third quarter of fiscal 2013. Speakers on today's call are John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer; Andy Reinland, Chief Financial Officer. Other members of the executive team are also with us to answer questions following their prepared comments. If you have questions following today's call, please direct them to me at (206) 272-6571. If you don't have a copy of today's press release, it's available on our website at f5.com. In addition, you can access an archived version of today's live webcast in the Investor Relations Events Calendar page of our website through October 23, from 4:30 p.m. today until midnight, Pacific Time, July 25. You can also listen to a telephone replay at (888) 568-0863 or (203) 369-3930. During today's call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our quarterly release and described in detail in our SEC filings. Before we begin, I want to remind you that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. Now I'll turn the call over to Andy Reinland
Andy Reinland: Thank you, John. Results for the third quarter of fiscal 2013 came in above our expectations. Revenue for the quarter was $370.3 million, up 6% sequentially and 5% year-over-year, and above our guided range of $355 million to $365 million. GAAP EPS was $0.86 per share, above our guidance of $0.80 to $0.83 per share. Non-GAAP EPS was $1.12 per share, also above our guidance of $1.06 to $1.09 per share. For the third quarter of fiscal 2013, product revenue of $196.7 million represented 53% of total revenue, up 6% sequentially and down 5% from Q3 last year. Service revenue of $173.6 million grew 5% from the prior quarter and 19% year-over-year, and accounted for 47% of revenue. Book-to-bill for the quarter was greater than 1. Revenue from our Application Delivery Networking business was $366.8 million, and revenue from our ARX file virtualization business was $3.5 million. By region, the Americas represented 58% of total revenue, up 6% versus Q3 2012. EMEA contributed 21%, a 4% increase year-over-year; APAC accounted for 15% of revenue, up 7% from a year ago; and Japan was 6% of revenue, down 7% from Q3 2012. During Q3, the financial vertical accounted for 22% of total sales; telco was 21%; technology, 16%; U.S. federal government was 4% of sales, with total government accounting for 13%. Three of our distributors each contributed more than 10% of revenue in Q3. Ingram Micro accounted for 15.6%, Avnet accounted for 13.9% and Westcon accounted for 11.2%. GAAP gross margin in Q3 was 82.5%. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 83.5%. GAAP operating expenses of $201.3 million were within our guided range. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $176.3 million, also within our guided range. Our GAAP operating margin in Q3 was 28.1%. Non-GAAP operating margin was 35.9%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 36.3%, and our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 34.9%. On the balance sheet, cash flow from operations in Q3 was $126.2 million, and we ended the quarter with $1.27 billion in cash and investments. DSO at the end of Q3 was 50 days. Inventories at quarter end were $18.3 million. Deferred revenue grew to $519.8 million, up 20% from a year ago. We repurchased approximately 633,000 shares of our common stock in Q3 at an average price of $78.90 per share, for a total of $50 million. Total headcount at quarter end was approximately 3,185 employees, a net increase of 30 from the prior quarter. Now for our Q4 outlook. During the third quarter, revenue and earnings exceeded our guidance and our internal expectations despite continuing softness in the global economy. While we aren't assuming a material improvement in the macro environment in the near term, we believe there are a number of drivers specific to our business that will enable us to grow. With this in mind, we have set a revenue target in the range of $378 million to $388 million. We expect GAAP gross margin in the 83% range, including approximately $2.5 million of stock-based compensation expense and $1 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. During Q4, GAAP operating expenses are expected to be in the range of $199 million to $206 million. This includes approximately $19.5 million of stock-based compensation expense. I want to call out that our Q4 anticipated stock-based comp expense is considerably lower than both our Q3 expense and lower than our expected run rate going forward. To better align our annual review process for employees and our annual award date for RSU grants, we have chosen to move the award date from August 1 to November 1. This results in this lower expense in Q4 and a higher expense for Q1. We will give guidance for Q1 on our next call, as usual. Also included in our GAAP operating expense target is an expected onetime $2.5 million charge related to the extension of certain subleases at our corporate headquarters. As this charge is nonrecurring in nature, it will also be excluded from our Q4 non-GAAP results. We are forecasting a GAAP effective tax rate of 37%, and we expect a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 35%. Our GAAP EPS target is $0.93 to $0.96 per diluted share. Our non-GAAP EPS target is $1.17 to $1.20 per diluted share. We plan to increase our headcount by over 150 net adds during the quarter. We estimate DSOs will be in the upper 40-day range. We expect inventory levels within a range of $18 million to $20 million, and we expect cash flow from operations in excess of $130 million. With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
John McAdam: Thanks, Andy, and good afternoon, everyone. I was very pleased with our Q3 performance. In particular, we delivered solid sequential growth of 6% over Q2, with even higher sequential growth in overall sales bookings. The star of the quarter was the Americas region, which had very strong results, exceeding our internal forecast. In our previous quarterly call, we mentioned that the slowdown in orders we experienced late in the second quarter was most pronounced in the Americas region. I was especially pleased that our business in the Americas bounced back very quickly in Q3. Our Asia Pacific region achieved its internal forecast, and our EMEA region missed its internal forecast, but not by a significant amount. Our Services business had another stellar quarter, exceeding revenue targets, as well as posting a solid increase in deferred revenue. We saw a number of very encouraging trends in the quarter. Sales of the new products we have been introducing over the last 2 quarters continued to be very strong. In particular, we saw solid orders for the new entry-level BIG-IP 2000 Series platforms, which we introduced in Q2. This trend was similar to the strong traction we saw with the BIG-IP 4000 Series when it was introduced in Q1, and we continue to see this sales momentum accelerate through Q2 and Q3. These results bode well for our newest BIG-IP platforms, the midrange BIG-IP 5000 and 7000 series. Both these products were released at the end of Q3 and are available for shipping in the coming quarter. We also announced a number of exciting new solutions last quarter and our latest TMOS release called Corona. These solutions make it easier for organizations to scale to the cloud, extend software-defined networking deployments, and add intelligence and programmability, via iCall, to IT environments. With a unified suite of physical and virtual products featuring F5's innovative ScaleN multi-tenant and clustering architecture, organizations can seamlessly scale operations to realize the full value of virtualization, cloud computing and on-demand IT. With our newly-released iCall technology, F5 is setting the standard for increased programmability and control plane extensibility, providing the dynamic automation of event-driven policy decisions in the network. We also continue to build momentum in sales of our software virtualization products. We have, by far, the largest portfolio of virtual software solutions in the market today. Now, with the TMOS Corona release, we have the industry's only virtual ADC solution that supports all of the top 5 hypervisor platforms, with up to 5 gigabits per second throughput. We plan to increase our performance leadership with these software solutions, and our goal is to deliver, by early next year, versions that will support greater than 10 gig. The combination of our industry-leading portfolio of virtualization products and our hardware-based solutions represents the broadest and most fully-featured array of ADC solutions in the market. We are pleased with the growing awareness of our security solutions in the market. We experienced a record quarter for all major security solutions, including our Advanced Firewall Manager, Access Policy Manager and Application Security Manager. Additionally, we are expanding our relevance in the service provider market with these security solutions. During the quarter, we extended our security solution to service providers by delivering the Gi firewall as part of our Application Delivery Firewall. F5's new offering is situated on the perimeter between the service providers' mobile network and the Internet, which is ideal for protecting both subscribers and networks from targeted attacks, such as DDoS threats, from a variety of sources. F5's Application Delivery Firewall delivers scalability and throughput characteristics far beyond traditional firewall architectures, and is now a key strategic solution in our growing intelligent application services framework portfolio. Network World just published an independent review of our Advanced Firewall Manager, which validated F5's consolidated approach to security, and demonstrated the performance and scalability advantage that can be achieved with our ADC architecture. As far as the outlook is concerned, Andy indicated we expect to see sequential growth this quarter. As I mentioned earlier, I am very pleased with the improvement in our sales last quarter, though clearly, we need to remain cautious given the current spending environment. However, I feel very optimistic about the future prospects for F5. Among the drivers of our business going forward, we continue to gain momentum in our initiatives to replace Cisco's installed base of ACE products. As I have mentioned in the past, we are seeing a clear pattern, where we replace ACE products with F5 platforms, offering customers additional functionality, including security, access control and application acceleration. We are experiencing a very high win rate with this approach and expect to see the continued growth of these opportunities in our pipeline. In addition, there are a number of trends happening in the technology landscape that I believe F5 is uniquely positioned to take advantage of, including the growth of private and public clouds, mobility, complex global security threats, network function virtualization and software-defined everything. We now -- we have now rolled out a complete new range of BIG-IP appliances, which increase our technology leadership and competitive position in the ADC market. In addition, our product roadmap includes some significant enhancements to our VIPRION platforms, including a second-generation blade for the popular VIPRION 2400. This new VIPRION 2250 blade will significantly increase the vCMP multi-tenant density by a factor of 5. We will also be offering a version of the current generation Victoria blade that doubles the vCMP density. Both blades will significantly improve the performance of our software modules when running with vCMP. We have enjoyed great success in increasing the addressable market for our solution portfolio, especially in the security and service provider markets, with products like our Advanced Firewall Manager and the BIG-IP Carrier-Grade NAT and policy enforcement modules, and we will continue to expand and enhance the functionality of all these modules. We also have a strong and growing pipeline of traffic -- of opportunities for our Traffix Diameter solutions for LTE rollouts. Our Traffix offering won the most prestigious informer [ph] award at the LTE World Summit last month, beating all our major competitors. We continue to help our customers address the growing mobility challenges with the industry's only consolidated solutions that accelerate application access across the client, network and data center. This is critical to delivering a superior end-user experience and on-demand content to any mobile device. During the quarter, we announced the BIG-IP Application Acceleration Manager to enable our customers to accelerate applications wherever they reside, in the data center or in the cloud; and wherever they are delivered, on premise or to mobile devices. We also introduced a new centralized management platform, BIG-IQ. The initial release of BIG-IQ included our Cloud Manager for data center to cloud automation, and Security Manager to provide centralized support for our advanced firewall ACL programming. Our strategy is to have BIG-IQ provide centralized management, orchestration and automation for all BIG-IP modules, either as standalone software solutions and/or as integrated systems. I'm convinced that F5 has the unique experience, products, application services, ecosystem and vision to drive the new emerging applications and network architectures. I'd like to take this opportunity to thank the entire F5 team and our partners, and look forward to their continued support throughout the year. We will now hand the call over for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jess Lubert of Wells Fargo.
Jess L. Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions here. First, can you quantify how much of the business that slipped last quarter closed this quarter? And then perhaps from a broader point of view, can you talk a little bit about what you're hearing from both your enterprise and carrier customers with respect to their willingness to move forward with some of the larger million-dollar deals, where you had previously seen some weakness?
John McAdam: Yes. In terms of -- it's hard to really quantify in terms of percentage our actual numbers, but there's no doubt that we -- I think I said in the last quarter's call, Jess, that we had a strong start to the quarter, and I'm sure some of that was linked to the -- to some of the slippage in Q2, which obviously was pretty pronounced. I especially referred to some telco wins at the beginning of the quarter. Having said that, we saw that strength continue throughout the quarter, and the following 2 months were also very strong. So it's not like we saw a strong start slowing down. We didn't see that. We saw the opposite. There's no doubt that enterprise spending, in particular -- in North America I should say in particular, definitely picked up from Q2. And obviously, telco did as well worldwide.
Jess L. Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then, John, if I look at your federal business, it seemed like that remained a little bit challenged in the period. Can you talk a little bit about how you're thinking about federal here and to what extent you are expecting some typical fiscal year-end behavior from the federal government?
John McAdam: No, absolutely, and there's no question that there's -- with what's going on in federal is well publicized, that you do need to be cautious. And the first 3 quarters of this year, we have seen bookings actually down year-over-year, not significantly, but down. Moving into the final quarter, having said that, we absolutely expect to see sequential growth, but I think we've taken a fairly cautious approach in terms of using -- taking that into account in our guidance.
Jess L. Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And last question for me, but product growth appeared to perform much better in the quarter and what -- with most of the new products now in the market, I guess the question is, at the high end of your guidance, would you expect your product growth to be positive in Q4? Or do you think this may take another quarter?
John McAdam: We're not going to take a specific answer to that. It's clearly, by a mile, our #1 priority. I think we have a lot of good opportunities to get the product growth accelerating here with the product refresh, which is a big deal and is now completely out there in the market, the ACE opportunity, security, LTE rollouts. So clearly, that's our main focus.
Jess L. Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And, John, before I let you go, I didn't hear the answer on the million-dollar deals. Did you see any improvement?
John McAdam: Oh, sorry. I didn't answer it, which is why. We saw a pretty similar -- the million-dollar deals pretty similar to the previous quarter. I mean, if there's any good news in this, it's that the comparisons now are effectively okay. But we did see it pretty similar to the previous quarters that we've seen. We did see, from accounts in general, an uptick in sales. So maybe not all million-dollar deals, but from some of our larger accounts, we saw them starting to spend more.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Reitzes of Barclays.
Benjamin A. Reitzes - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Wanted to talk to you about the guidance. Did you hold back at all in your guidance for maybe some of the deals that slipped into -- in terms of the sequential growth rate? Or do you feel like you're being conservative with regard to the sequential growth rate you guided for on the top line? And what I mean is, is if some stuff was pushed into the quarter from the last quarter, did you hold back on your guidance at all? And how can we gauge your conservatism given the environment?
John McAdam: I mean, we took -- I believe we've taken a reasonably conservative approach in terms of the -- one of the key factors we look at is the close rate. And from a close rate perspective, we've taken a mix of the previous 2 quarters. That includes obviously the tough quarter of Q2. So I think it's been reasonably conservative. But I think that's absolutely appropriate, to be cautious given what we saw in Q2.
Benjamin A. Reitzes - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And how did you feel about the competitive environment as we went throughout the quarter? If I looked right, the Citrix numbers looked pretty strong in networking. And did you notice anything different? Did it ease? And are you still not really seeing them other than in the desktop virtualization market, et cetera? Was there anything there?
John McAdam: No. That's a really good question. We -- well, first of all, we're definitely seeing strength of the new products we're introducing, and I'm absolutely convinced we'll see strength for the 5000 and 7000 are now available as well. So we're seeing strength there. And I think that momentum will continue because that product refresh we did wasn't just a simple box refresh. That's all about -- we introduced architecture, we introduced new modules. We introduced VLAN architecture. We introduced vCMP. And so this is a big product refresh. I think it's going to help with competitive advantage. But to be specific, absolutely, by a mile, Citrix is our #1 competitor, but we -- look, we had a -- we did a lengthy quarterly business review with our North American sales management on Monday. We had them all here in Seattle. The competitive win rate is as strong as it's ever been. It's very, very strong, as I mentioned, in the ACE replacement space. Our security business is strong. I think our competitive position is great. On the VDI side, we just -- where we get a chance, we have a good win rate. But clearly, especially with Citrix-only VDI solutions, I'm sure there's a lot of deals we just don't see there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sanjiv Wadhwani of Stifel.
Sanjiv R. Wadhwani - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of questions. John, last quarter, I think with the AFM modules, I think they were out for just 1 month. You had mentioned 50 deals in the last sort of month of the quarter. Any updates on that metric as far as the AFM modules are concerned? And then on the virtual appliances, you obviously spent some time talking about that. But just broadly, how should we sort of think about -- as it relates to your ADC sales going forward, as we see the shift happening on the virtual side, it will probably take some time. But just trying to get a gauge as how we should be thinking about your broader ADC sales within that context?
Manuel F. Rivelo: San, this is Manny. Just thought I'd answer both questions here. So first of all, on the AFM module, we saw -- as you know, we announced the module last quarter, and it was out in the market for approximately 4 to 6 weeks. We saw huge growth on that module this quarter. We're very, very pleased with the momentum it's picking up inside the market, and we continue to see, across all verticals and across all theaters, good traction on that module. So we're excited. It's early, but progress has been phenomenal so far. And that's both in enterprise and service provider use cases, so we're pretty well rounded there. And then real quick on the virtual, just to give you some insight, you're absolutely correct. I mean, there's a lot of talk in the industry about it all moving to potentially virtual solutions. What we're seeing from the customer base is that really, it's a hybrid solution set. There's a need for virtual solutions, and there's a need for physical hardware solutions, and it has to do really with placing the network and the architecture you're looking to deploy. What we've been doing on the virtual solution side is that we've been increasing our performance capability, as John pointed out, and we have solutions from 200 meg, all the way up to 5 gig, highest throughput in the industry, across all of our modules, across all of the industry hypervisors. And as we look forward in the coming quarters, you'll continue to see us improve on that performance, both going upstream, higher throughput, and downstream to lower throughput. So our intent is to have all of our modules across all physical, as well as all virtual appliances in the industry, giving you the flexibility from an architecture point of view. And we're actually seeing that also in the IDC most recent data that was just published in Q1, where we saw a great, great traction also there from a market share perspective.
Sanjiv R. Wadhwani - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Got it, that's helpful. And just one quick follow-up on the AFM stuff. Any metrics that you care to share, like this -- kind of last quarter, I know it was out for only 4 to 6 weeks, but any metrics that you might be able to share?
John McAdam: This is John again. I'll take the negative side of it. No, we're not going to be specific on that, and we haven't been in any other modules. We gave some numbers on the very first quarter release of the product, but the growth was quite significant, still a small percentage of our business, but we'd expect it to continue to grow.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Notter of Jefferies.
George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to expand on the question around the virtual solutions. So, can you help us understand how the economics work for F5? If you look at an analogous product, hardware vis-a-vis software, what's the delta in terms of ASPs? What's the delta in terms of gross profit dollars? I mean, anything you could kind of help us with there, that would be great.
Andy Reinland: So you're asking just on a deal structure, what it could mean revenue-wise and margin-wise comparatively with hardware?
George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Yes, and that's exactly right. So if I trade a hardware appliance sale for a virtual sale, how does that economic impact play out through your numbers?
Andy Reinland: So what we've seen so far, and this speaks to what Manny was saying, is that when we do sell software, via ADCs, a lot of times, the revenue difference is made up in multiple versions of the software version. So we haven't seen a big difference. We have seen stronger gross margin because a big component of that is software. But at least to date, as we've looked at it, it's been fairly neutral.
John McAdam: And we've seen a lot of hybrid sales as well, where you've got a combination of systems and software-only solutions. Remember, we keep pressing this point because it's a big differentiator. We can basically manage software and systems identically and integrated and/or standalone, and that's pretty flexible for the customer. But there's no 1-for-1 on this. It's a combination of architecture approaches. In terms of is there going to be a long-term trend? Maybe. But wow, it will be very, very long-term in nature.
Manuel F. Rivelo: And let me just add. This is Manny, one more comment just to add here. I alluded to the architecture trade-offs. Usually, when you see a hardware sale, what you're quite often seeing is a consolidation inside that device of multiple applications or services sitting behind that device. And sometimes, when you see virtuals, what you're seeing is virtual per application. So it's more of a scale out, horizontal scale. So to the point of, is there a revenue shift or -- obviously, Andy talked to the margin. But is there a revenue shift? No. It's just a different architecture, where you have less consolidation, you have more single tenancy with the app -- with the virtualized addition provided for that application.
Operator: Our next question comes from Troy Jensen of Piper Jaffray.
Troy D. Jensen - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: A quick question for Andy here. So gross margins, down slightly here. I don't want to nitpick here. But historically, you guys have been able to expand your margins with revenue growth. So I'm just curious if you can explain why we've seen a downtick in gross margins the past 2 quarters? And is it pricing or is it mix?
Andy Reinland: Yes, that's -- actually, if you go back to Q1, we were really at an all-time high, and that was driven by software, and we talked about that then. But you're right, over the last 2 quarters, what we've seen, as we've brought out these new platforms, getting our depot stocked, just the product transition, we've seen what we believe are short-term increasing costs around that, and we see that reflected in the gross margin results. As you heard from our guidance, we expect that to come back in this coming quarter a bit.
John McAdam: And just the other point, it's not quite connected to the question, but obviously, you saw our operating margins increased this quarter, driven by revenue, and we'll give more data about that in October in terms of how we see it for the year and moving forward. But I'm just going to take this opportunity, when you're looking at the year coming, that we will see seasonality in the December quarter. We've seen it before. I just want to put that stake in the ground while the discussion on margin reminds me to.
Troy D. Jensen - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Yes, okay. Perfect. And then how about, Andy, just one more here on service revenues. Historically, that's grown 30% year-over-year, very healthy clip. Now it's sub-20%. So I'm just curious what your thoughts are for services growth going forward?
Andy Reinland: Yes. That's going to go back to John's comment that our #1 priority is product revenue growth. And so I think what we've seen over time is that service revenue growth is going to slow if our product growth doesn't take off again. So they are linked. It's just over a more elongated period. So I'm hoping we're going to start to see that shallowing out, and we'll talk more on the next call about what we think next year will look like. But definitely tied to product revenue growth. That's got to be the priority.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Silverstein of Cowen.
Paul Silverstein - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: John and Andy, I trust by virtue of your guidance that the answer is self-evident, but last quarter, you commented about the start of the new quarter, so similar question to you now in terms of the start of your fiscal fourth quarter. Again, I trust per the guidance that it's been a strong start. And then I've got 1 or 2 other quick questions.
John McAdam: Yes, I knew I would get asked this. The only reason I -- we never normally give an update on the month, certainly at the day of the call. We had a pretty big miss in Q2, and that's why we decided to do it. And so I'm not going to do that. Having said that, absolutely, we take into account the first 3 weeks and, more importantly, the quarterly reviews that we have when we give our guidance. So that is baked into that, yes.
Paul Silverstein - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: John, I understand, and I suspected that was the case, but I still wanted to ask. A couple of other quick items. One, I know it's very early, but the carriers have made a lot of noise about network function virtualization. I know you addressed it in your prepared remarks, but is there any insight you could share with us at this point as to how you play in an NFV world? And also, I know it's still small, but you mentioned it's growing. Can you -- are you -- is virtual anywhere close to 5% to 10% of total revenue at this point? Is that something you'd care to comment on?
John McAdam: Yes. We're not going to be specific. It's a small number, still virtual. We've talked virtual. We're talking about -- we're not talking about our total modules, software modules, which obviously is added on to that. But the virtual number still is reasonably small, although we've seen some fairly big deals happening and it is linked to the architecture. In November, at the Analyst Day, and we'll talk about it again in October, we're going to go through this in a lot of detail. I think people will be impressed at where we are in terms of what we think our strengths are in this type of environment and what our roadmap looks like and what our product portfolio competitiveness is like. So we'll talk more about that as we move forward. But, Manny, do you want to just comment right now?
Manuel F. Rivelo: Yes, I could comment on network function virtualization. I mean, we're well positioned because, as we pointed out before, we support all of our modules across all major hypervisors, and network function virtualization is really just the service providers looking at moving from hardware devices into virtual devices, meaning devices sitting on hypervisors on a cost [ph] platform. So we've been taking our solutions into the marketplace. We're working with various service providers. We're part of the ETSI standard and working in that working group to make sure they continue to shape that. So it's early days, but you'll see that beginning to develop in the service provider arena because they, themselves, like in data centers, want to take advantage of software where applicable. So we think we're well positioned, and it'll shape up in the next 18 months, I think, industry-wide.
John McAdam: And meanwhile, in between, when we talk to service providers about our strategy of consolidation, where we talk about being able to do policy enforcement management, DPI, Carrier-Grade NAT, traffic steering, a whole range of areas where they have separate boxes right now to do these functions, if we can do them within the same chassis or within the same appliance, they'll love that strategy. So I think Manny's 18 months is probably spot on. But meanwhile, the consolidation approach we have is very attractive to them.
Paul Silverstein - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Last one from me. Andy, average deal size. Can you comment on that?
Andy Reinland: Yes. Our average order size has settled out really at about 100,000, and that's been consistent for the last 3 quarters.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erik Suppiger of JMP.
Erik Suppiger - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Yes, a couple of things. First off, Japan seems to be slow still. Can you discuss the competitive dynamics in Japan?
John McAdam: Yes. I think we've said this in the past. I mean, we're -- I think we actually gained market share in the -- I can't remember which quarter it was, but a recently published quarter, which is obviously a reasonable sign. But there's no question that A10 have done well there, obviously with one particular very, very large telco that is an obvious one, in particular. They had some Carrier-Grade NAT capability that we have caught up with, and we've got every intention of staying feature-rich there. So I think moving forward, we're in good shape. The biggest issue that we've seen in Japan actually is, we definitely saw an increase in business after the tsunami hit. I think there's no question about that now, as data centers were built, et cetera. And so when you look at the year-over-year, we've had a pretty tough comparison. That actually finishes moving forward, next quarter. So, yes, I think you'll start to see a better year-over-year-type result coming from that geography.
Erik Suppiger - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then on the hiring, it sounds like you've accelerated some of your hiring. I think in the past, you've targeted about 100 additions, and you said 150. Is that just an anomaly for Q4? Or are you getting more aggressive on the hiring front?
John McAdam: I think you're going to see us more aggressive with the way things are shaping up here. I mean, frankly, if we can beat the 150 number, we'll absolutely go for it and try and do that. It's across the company, we're going to do that. If things go the way we expect, what you'll see is with fairly aggressive hiring numbers next year as well.
Erik Suppiger - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Is that biased toward sales now that you have the new products? Or where are those resources going?
John McAdam: Well, product development is really critical. We've got -- again, we'll talk about this architecture that we have with our integrated architecture, our BIG-IQ, the areas we're doing there. So product development is very high. Service is always high for us because of customer satisfaction. Consultancy is very big for us as well. That has some margin implications, but that's life, and it definitely drives product revenue. And of course, sales as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Thompson of FBR.
Scott Thompson - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Just wanted to ask a question about deferred revenues. As you guys move into a virtual-type platform, should we expect deferred revenues to start to ramp? I noticed they were up a bit the last couple of quarters. Let's talk about that. And then second question on service provider. You made some comments about security starting to get some traction there. Can you give us some more specifics? Is that U.S.-based, or is it elsewhere?
Andy Reinland: Yes. So I'll take the first part of the question on the deferred revenue. Actually, we have very little product in our deferred revenue, at least now. It's mainly annual maintenance contracts. As we evolve our models going forward, we may change to something where we build up deferred revenue. But as of now, we don't have anything of note in there.
Manuel F. Rivelo: Yes. And then this is Manny, just to comment on the security and the service provider arena. We're seeing traction in all theaters. We're working with tier 1 operators in all 3 theaters right now. The general problem that they're struggling with is actually keeping up with the growing demand for bandwidth on the mobile networks, specifically with the movement to 4G, and protecting everything from a DDoS all the way to an application vulnerability. So we're well suited for that. As a matter fact, I think you saw the article that might have come out earlier this week from Network World, which talks a little bit about our performance, and that was a mid-range box. It's not even the high end of the market. So we're working with these operators. It's early, but it's quite often more than just security, to the point that John made before. While we're sitting in that footprint, they're not only looking at firewall capabilities, but they're looking at Carrier-Grade NAT capabilities, potentially policy enforcement capabilities. So it's a whole new re-architecture that some of the providers are looking at, and others are just looking at how to scale security needs.
Operator: Our next question comes from Subu Subrahmanyan of Juda Group.
Natarajan Subrahmanyan - The Juda Group, Research Division: I had 2 questions. First, on the telco side, just looking back at last quarter, the lumpiness and the bounce-back. Was it just, you think, timing of deals? Or is there any change in kind of buyer behavior as they're looking at new architectures? And how do you expect that trend going to the next few quarters? And my other question was on new product contribution for the new appliances. How long do you think we'll see the ramp before customers convert over from your traditional appliances to the newer appliances?
John McAdam: Yes. So on the service provider deals, no, timing of deals, no major change there. I mean, clearly, there was a number of companies talked about telco being slow in the first half, and it seems to have definitely picked up, and that's what we saw. And it was global in nature as well. So nothing -- no significant change there. The only change we have seen in telco is -- in terms of change, is we've definitely got a growing and growing pipeline. I mentioned this in my introduction, pipeline of LTE Diameter opportunities. That's definitely a positive change for us. And then in terms of the -- I think I heard the question correctly, the new appliances that we brought out -- what we're seeing is that we introduced the product and the first few quarter of shipments, we see a fairly strong momentum happening, and we saw that with everything so far. And we're hopefully going to see the same with the 2 new ones, the 5000 and the 7000. So they have become a dominant product sale pretty quickly, actually.
Natarajan Subrahmanyan - The Juda Group, Research Division: If I could clarify, John, you made a comment on seasonality for December. Was that in context of revenue or gross margin that made that...
John McAdam: Well, that was in context of revenue, specifically. And obviously, by definition, that affects operating margin.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ehud Gelblum of Morgan Stanley.
Stanley Kovler - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: This is actually Stan Kovler for Ehud. I just wanted to lead off with a question about the fed. It seems like that came back fairly nicely this quarter. Is that something that we should expect to continue to improve going forward? And I also just wanted to ask, in terms of the outlook, what you think going forward about the sequential growth next quarter. Do you think that the product revenue -- should we expect that to come back to the 2012 run rate on product revenue on a quarterly basis? Does it sound right to you?
John McAdam: Yes. On the last question, we're not going to answer that. I mean, it's our #1 priority, and we think we've got a whole lot of things in place that, if we execute properly, we can make things happen. But no, we're not going to be specific about timing, et cetera. I think we have a lot of good growth drivers, I've gone through a number of times here. So on the fed, our fed business actually, I think, was -- it was 4%, which is on the low side of our fed business in the quarter. So I don't know, when you say bounce back quite well, I'm not -- I don't quite understand that. As I did say in the previous question, we do expect it to be up sequentially, but I think we've been reasonably cautious, given the visibility.
Stanley Kovler - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. And just from a big-picture standpoint, how do some of the products fit into new business wins, the cloud providers? And what's going on with the tech vertical in general? Are you getting some of that momentum back?
Manuel F. Rivelo: The question is how did our products fit into the...
John McAdam: The cloud providers.
Manuel F. Rivelo: The cloud providers? Quite well. As we mentioned before, we support all the virtual additions. If you're a cloud provider and you want to deploy your software in those environments, we do that today. We work very well with Amazon, we work very well with Rackspace and others that are out there. So from that point of view, we're seeing good traction, good momentum, and we're looking to continue to accelerate that this year. So there's no issue whatsoever there.
Stanley Kovler - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. And on -- just last question on the headcount additions, as a follow-up. Is that regional based? Or, on the product development side, that's mainly focused on just U.S. and continuing to develop new products? As a corollary to that, we saw that one of your biggest competitors made a pretty large security acquisition yesterday. And so just curious how you feel about product development and security in general? Is it something that you're going to continue to address internally? Or do you feel like there might be some other technologies out there or other companies that may be of interest to you, to add into the portfolio?
John McAdam: Yes. On the hiring, first of all -- I mean, it's global in nature, and especially when you look at the sales and service organization. We have a pretty global product development organization as well, but they are the 3 main priorities that we'll be focusing on. So, yes, probably in product development, it'll be more U.S.-based, because that's where the majority of the people are. But generally, it's a global approach that we have. Regarding security, it's a -- we think security is probably our biggest growth driver. I mean, product refresh is bread and butter, and that's spread across everywhere. But security is probably the biggest. We have a very significant development focus on security. We're always looking in the industry. That's what we've done for years and years. Now if we see something that we think can get to market faster than we can develop, we're not shy about making it happen. But that's just business as usual as far as we're concerned.
John Eldridge: Thank you all for joining us. We look forward to seeing many of you out in the conference circuit over the next quarter and look forward to catching up with you again on -- at the end of October. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-04-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: John Eldridge Andy Reinland - Chief Finance Officer and Executive Vice President John McAdam - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Manuel F. Rivelo - Executive Vice President of Security and Strategic Solutions Karl D. Triebes - Chief Technology Officer and Executive Vice President of Product Development Dan Matte - Executive Vice President of Marketing and Business Development
Analysts: Jason Ader - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Brian John White - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Brian Marshall - ISI Group Inc., Research Division George C. Notter - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Scott Thompson - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Rohit N. Chopra - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Ryan R. Bergan - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5 Network's Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I now would like to turn the call over to Mr. John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Eldridge: Thank you, Sharon. Welcome to our conference call for the second quarter of fiscal 2013. The speakers on today's call are John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Reinland, Chief Financial Officer and Executive VP, Finance. Other members of our executive team are also with us to answer questions following their prepared comments. If you have questions after today's call, please direct them to me at (206) 272-6571. If you don't have a copy of today's press release, it is available on our website at f5.com. In addition, you can access an archive version of today's live webcast from the Investor Relations Events Calendar page of our website through July 24 from 4:30 p.m. today until midnight Pacific Time, April 25. You can also listen to a telephone replay at (800) 695-3640 or (402) 220-0318. During today's call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements that include words, such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our quarterly release and described in detail in our SEC filings. Before we begin, I want to remind you that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. Now I'll turn the call over to Andy Reinland.
Andy Reinland: Thank you, John. In line with the updated guidance we've provided on April 4, revenue for the second quarter of fiscal 2013 was $350.2 million, down 4% sequentially and up 3% year-over-year. GAAP EPS was $0.80 per share compared to $0.88 per share in Q1 and $0.86 per share in Q2 of last year. Non-GAAP EPS was $1.07 per share compared to $1.14 per share in the prior quarter and $1.09 per share in the second quarter of fiscal 2012. Product revenue of $185.1 million represented 53% of total revenue, down 10% from Q2 2012. Service revenue increased 23% from a year ago to $165.1 million, accounting for 47% of revenue. Revenue from our Application Delivery Networking business was $345.1 million, and revenue from our ARX file virtualization business was $5.1 million. Book-to-bill for the quarter was equal to 1. Revenue from the Americas represented 54% of total revenue, down 4% from Q2 2012. EMEA contributed 23%, up 13% year-over-year. APAC accounted for 16% of revenue, a 21% year-over-year increase; and Japan, 6% of revenue, a 5% decline year-over-year. During Q2, the financial vertical equaled 23% of total sales. Technology represented 18% and telco accounted for 17%. U.S. federal government was 5% of sales, and total government accounted for 13%. 3 of our distributors each contributed more than 10% of revenue in Q2. Avnet Technologies accounted for 16.3%, Ingram accounted for 13.4% and Westcon accounted for 11.1%. GAAP gross margin in Q2 was 82.8%. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 83.9%. GAAP operating expenses were $197.5 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $172.7 million. Our GAAP operating margin in Q2 was 26.4%. Non-GAAP operating margin was 34.6%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 33%, and our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 31.2%. On the balance sheet, below our initial target, but in line with our revenue results, cash flow from operations was $80.7 million, and we ended the quarter with $1.19 billion in cash and investments. DSO at the end of Q2 was 50 days. Inventories at quarter end were $18 million. Deferred revenue grew to $490.7 million, up 19% from a year ago. We repurchased 508,000 shares of our common stock in Q2 at an average price of $98.31 per share. Headcount at quarter end was approximately 3,155 employees, a net increase of 30 from the prior quarter. Now for our Q3 outlook. As John will discuss in more detail, F5's results for the second quarter of fiscal 2013 clearly reflected the challenges of doing business in a difficult economic environment. Budgets in general appeared to be more constricted than we had been seeing, which resulted in bill slippage and longer sales cycles, particularly in the telco vertical, as well as U.S. federal sales. On a more positive note, we are seeing early indications that our new product rollouts are getting traction in the marketplace and anticipate momentum to build as we release the 5000 and the 7000 Series. We are seeing continued strong growth for F5 in the security space, including a very successful first quarter selling of our advanced firewall module. We are committed to continue investing in technology that aligns with market trends and leads the industry in performance, scalability and ease-of-use. Our top priority remains reaccelerating product revenue growth and, at the same time, maintaining world-class profitability. For the third quarter, we have set a revenue target in the range of $355 million to $365 million. We expect GAAP gross margin in the 83% range, including approximately $3 million of stock-based compensation expense and $1 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. During Q3, GAAP operating expenses are expected to be in the range of $197 million to $204 million, including approximately $24.5 million of stock-based compensation expense. We are forecasting an effective tax rate of 36%, and we expect a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 34%. Our GAAP EPS target is $0.80 to $0.83 per diluted share. Our non-GAAP EPS target is $1.06 to $1.09 per diluted share. We plan to increase our headcount by 50 to 100 employees during the quarter. We estimate DSOs will be at or around 50 days. We expect inventory levels within the range of $18 million to $20 million. And we expect cash flow from operations in excess of $110 million. With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
John McAdam: Thanks, Andy, and good afternoon, everyone. As I mentioned in the announcement of our preliminary Q2 results, clearly, our revenue was well below our expectation and internal forecast. During the quarter, we experienced difficulties in closing certain forecasted deals, as customers hesitated to approve budgets and release purchase orders, causing us to adjust our internal forecast late in the quarter. The slowdown in orders was pronounced in North America and, to a lesser extent, EMEA; while Asia Pacific and Japan came in roughly as planned. In particular, we experienced significant weakness in our telco vertical, where sales were down significantly on both a year-over-year and sequential basis, as funding for several projects was delayed. Government sales were also down year-over-year, likely impacted to some degree by the U.S. government sequester. We also experienced a fairly sizable year-over-year drop in orders greater than $1 million in size, a trend that has been ongoing since Q3 of last year. We have looked very closely at the reasons for the shortfall in orders -- of orders in Q2. Our overall view is that most of the shortfall was due to either budget constraints, project timescale being pushed out to later dates or delays in decision-making as customers transition to F5's new range of products we have introduced over the last couple of quarters. On a positive note, we saw some very encouraging results in Q2 in several areas. We added 2 new Fortune 500 customers and saw a reasonable growth in our Enterprise business, especially in the financial vertical, which was our strongest vertical in Q2 at 23% of overall sales bookings. Sales of our security products were up significantly in Q2. We had record sales of our application security module, ASM, and a strong start in sales of our new Advanced Firewall Manager, AFM. We started shipping AFM in mid-February and sold AFM solutions to over 50 customers, with most of these sales occurring in the month of March. With the introduction of AFM, F5 provides the world's fastest and most scalable Application Delivery Firewall solution. F5's firewall solution is the first in the industry to unify a network firewall with traffic management, application security, user access management and DNS security capabilities, all within an intelligent services framework. We also saw some excellent wins with our access solution, Access Policy Manager, APM. These wins included very large implementation in Fortune 100 companies, where APM is being used to replace existing competitor technologies. The key advantages we offer with the APM includes superior performance and scalability, as well as the extensibility of our access usage modules, including wide VDI support, SSL remote access and simul functionality. From a platform perspective, we saw a strong traction with our new BIG-IP 4200 platform, which we introduced in Q1. This should bode well for future sales of the new entry-level BIG-IP 2000 Series platforms and the new high-end BIG-IP 10000 Series platforms, both of which started shipping during last quarter. We also achieved some excellent sales win, replacing Cisco ACE products in large customer accounts, and the pipeline of similar opportunity continues to grow rapidly. We are starting to see a clear pattern with the ACE opportunities, where not only do we replace the existing solutions, but also provide customers additional functionality like DDoS prevention and application security solutions. Once again, our Services business was solidly profitable on year-over-year growth of 23%. In Q2, we completed the acquisition of LineRate Systems, an early-stage software company based near Boulder. The LineRate Systems technology focuses on solutions that combine open-source tools and software with proprietary technology, enabling web application developers to integrate network services directly into their applications. The acquisition of LineRate aligns positively with emerging industry trends. Software-defined networking and cloud computing are driving enterprise customers and service providers to reassess how new network and applications are created, deployed and managed. F5 is the market leader in the delivery of flexible infrastructure to support intelligent network and application services through our ADC platform. The acquisition of LineRate is a strategic fit within our vision, and this technology will extend our capabilities and enable us to further expand our market opportunities. From an overall roadmap perspective, we have a number of near-term deliverables, which will increase our overall technology leadership, our competitive advantage and to expand growth opportunities in key markets, including security, service providers, cloud-based architectures and new-generation data centers. Our goal is to start shipping both the BIG-IP 5000 and 7000 Series platforms in this coming quarter. These new platforms will be positioned as our new mid-range BIG-IP appliances, offering significant price performance improvements over our existing mid-range solutions. This will complete the comprehensive product refresh that we started in fiscal 2013. We also plan to introduce another release of TMOS this quarter, known internally as corona [ph]. The TMOS corona [ph] release includes our new management platform, BIG-IQ. BIG-IQ release 1 includes support for firewall manager and cloud manager. The firewall manager functionality provides enterprises and service providers with a comprehensive management capability to manage large firewall configuration policies. This will support both hardware and software modules, enabling private and public security solutions. Cloud manager delivers sophisticated management functionality designed to optimize cloud-based architecture and includes the following features: Cloud bridging, to enable private and public clouds to communicate through a secure and optimized connection; Cloud bursting, to expand the resources of our private cloud with resources from a public cloud to address transient work spikes; and cloud application tiering, to host multi-tiered applications in different clouds. For example, a web server can be hosted in a public cloud, and the database server can be hosted in a private cloud, keeping control of sensitive data. BIG-IQ will also offer performance and help monitoring functionalities, as well as public API interfaces. As far as the outlook is concerned, Andy indicated we expect to see sequential growth this quarter. We clearly experienced a very cautious spending environment last quarter. However, looking forward, we believe we continue to have significant revenue growth opportunities. With the introduction of the BIG-IP 5000 and 7000 Series, we will have delivered a comprehensive refresh of an entire platform product family, with significant price performance advantages, further increasing our overall competitive advantage. These new products should enable our sales force to aggressively exploit opportunities with the Cisco ACE installed base and offer customers a full suite of solutions available on our new platforms. We continue to make steady progress in our sales of software-only and hybrid software system solutions. We expect this momentum to continue with the expansion of our industry-leading range of hypervisor support. These solutions can now support customers' data centers and cloud environments when -- with unprecedented performance. Clearly, we were very disappointed with the results in the service provider market last quarter. However, we have a strong pipeline and are convinced that we have a winning strategy with our intelligent services platforms that can consolidate complex traffic steering, carrier-grade NAT solutions, application and network firewall protection and our policy enforcement module. Also, we are seeing good success and initial project wins with our Traffix Systems Diameter solutions for LTE deployments. And over the past year, we have closed wins with more than 25 operators worldwide. Perhaps our best opportunity for future growth comes from our unique security solution portfolio. In particular, our new Application Delivery Firewall solution provides our enterprise and service provider customers the ability to integrate essential security capabilities and protect their applications, data and users. As I mentioned earlier, F5's Application Delivery Firewall solution is the first in the industry to combine DDoS protection, the world's fastest network firewall application security, access management and DNS security, as well as comprehensive traffic management functionality. I remain very excited about the future prospects for F5. I would like to take this opportunity to thank the F5 team and our partners and look forward to continued support for the rest of the year. So with that, we'll hand the call over for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jason Ader of William Blair.
Jason Ader - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I have 1 clarification and then 1 question. And the clarification is, when you guys talked about book-to-bill, Andy, is that total sales or just product book-to-bill? And then, secondly, could you talk about your thoughts on the services growth? It's still very strong, over 20%. But if I just kind of use the same cadence that we had from sequential December to March, it looks like it's going to, from a year-over-year growth standpoint, pretty closely -- or pretty soon get to kind of like mid-teens. So is that the right way to think about the services growth, or is there something else going on in services that could reaccelerate the sequential services growth?
Andy Reinland: Yes. So to the first part of your question, when we talked book-to-bill, for us, that is strictly product, strictly product, yes. And then, in terms of services, yes, you're right, we've long talked about that. But when you look at our Services business and the growth there, it does correlate to product, and we have seen the product grow slow, which is why it's so important for us, and our #1 priority is reaccelerating product revenue. And I think we're seeing that play out over a more elongated time. But there's nothing within Services a business itself that's still really high rates in terms of maintenance renewals. We're doing very well in the consulting area, actually, which we think is critical for us, in driving that reaccelerated product revenue growth. So nothing systemic there to worry about.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian White of Topeka.
Brian John White - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I'm just wondering if you feel like the product cycle year-over-year growth has bottomed in the March quarter. It looks like it's down 10% year-over-year. Should we see an acceleration from this level?
John McAdam: Yes. Given the GAAP that we saw on our guidance versus the actual, we're going to be pretty cautious about talking medium to long term and really stick to the quarter guidance. Having said that, we do expect to see a driver -- a business driver coming now that we've effectively -- well, certainly with the 5000 and 7000 coming this quarter, we will effectively have completed the product refresh and see growth in that. Also, I -- as I mentioned in the list I was giving of drivers, I think security is definitely a big opportunity from a product growth perspective as well.
Brian John White - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just -- if I look back at March quarter, it's pretty amazing because there was never -- other than the second quarter of '09, there was never a March quarter that fell this much. So during the financial crisis it fell 7%. Here, we fell 4%. It begs the question, do you feel like we're in a recession or going into recession? I mean...
John McAdam: I think -- yes. I think we've really come down to 2 issues. The first issue is definitely macro. I'm not going to call it recession, but definitely macro issues. And we've seen that obviously with peers. But I think whatever is exaggerated with us is obviously the telco performance. And that's -- that was more project slipping. I mean, interestingly enough, we put a pretty strong start here in April, which is encouraging that we're only talking 3 weeks, remember, so -- but it's encouraging, especially in the telco vertical.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Marshall of ISI Group.
Brian Marshall - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: We've uncovered some social media guys that probably are migrating off sort of the ADC platforms and are doing this more from a home-grown or a open-source standpoint, that 437 [ph]. I guess, the question is, what makes you think that the telco guys can't do a 437 more from a software standpoint going forward? And basically, we're starting to see the early signs of this market kind of secularly moving away from us as opposed to just some cyclical impact from the order books. So would love some commentary there and a quick follow-up, if I could.
John McAdam: Yes. And we've alluded to that in the past -- sorry, fairly recent quarters, Brian, where we've seen a small number, and we're talking of a very small number of some of the larger web monster-type solution providers deciding to do their own. And Google's software has always been close to the poster child for that. But, yes, we've seen a very, very small number. Typically, the application mix tends to be more straightforward, and there tends to be a need to get to roll out apps very, very quickly in that type of environment. That's not the case in the service provider space, and it's certainly not the case in the enterprise either. So we don't see anything like the same threat there. Now having said that, remember, our strategy has been to take our ADC platform and continue to add solutions to it. So for example, we think our security solutions that we've added pretty rapidly and are seeing great success is a great counterbalance to that trend. But you're not just doing simple load balancing, you're doing much more complex either application optimization or security. And so, I mean, that's our strategy, and I feel pretty good about that.
Brian Marshall - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And really quickly, you mentioned that security was running [ph]. Could you break out the security revenues for us in the quarter...
John McAdam: It's just sort of hard to do that. I mean, we have examples. We've looked a number of wins, some of them approaching the million-dollar range, where -- I'll give you 1 example. One example is a large financial organization, U.S. organization, where our first entry into that actually was doing some Oracle optimization using iRules in areas like that, but it also allowed us to get our application security manager into the sale to actually replace and chucked out one of our major competitors -- our major competitor. So what do you call that? Is that security? Is it traffic steering? What is it? So it's so difficult to say. But when we look at the ASM modules -- and we don't give out just the software solutions. As I said, that was a record quarter, and we did get some view of the AFM, the application firewall we sense will lead to pretty big systems behind it. So that's, for me, the best information we can give you.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Notter of Jefferies.
George C. Notter - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask you about your referencing lumpiness in the service provider business. I guess, I was just curious about how many operators we're talking about, how many particular deals were involved, how big were those deals. I mean, any more flavor you could give us for that lumpiness would be great. And I guess, I'm just trying to understand maybe more root cause rather than just a general -- or is it more just a general broad-brush statement about service provider budgets and then timing of those being released. Any more flavor would be great.
John McAdam: Absolutely. And it's not a general broad-brush statement. Specifically, in North America, it was much more project-oriented. That's pretty important. And as I said, we think we've started a quarter in a pretty good light here. We're seeing some of these projects being released. It was very much that. Now we did see globally a downtick in service provider. We did see that. But mostly those are project oriented, we've said many times in the past that we don't really see a service provider linked completely to the CapEx thing. I mean, it's obviously to some degree, but it's much more project-oriented. And hopefully, last quarter was an anomaly.
George C. Notter - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Was this 3 providers, 5 providers? I mean, how many operators were involved here?
John McAdam: If you look at North America, we're talking Tier 1 type of providers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Thompson of FBR Capital.
Scott Thompson - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: There has been a little bit of talk with other security-type companies of carriers pushing them from a CapEx model to more of an OpEx-type purchasing model. Are guys getting any kind of pressure to do that kind of a transaction as well?
John McAdam: Not really. It's not something we've seen, and we have a number of ongoing type of discussions with service providers and security. But, no, we haven't seen that.
Manuel F. Rivelo: The only thing I would add, and this is Manny, to that comment is that we're seeing with some of the cloud providers who are going to more of a model, where they want to pay, if you will, by the bid or by the day, and those situations obviously, we're seeing it there. But that's more in the cloud provider, not the traditional telco.
Scott Thompson - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay. And carriers haven't approached you about virtualized platforms or network function virtualization or anything like that either, right?
Manuel F. Rivelo: Yes, that they are approaching us with, and we've been talking to them about that. Obviously, that's a big use case. They're all looking at that over the next -- over the horizon, I would say, the next -- I'd say 3 to 5 years. That's their intent to deploy. The great news is all of our software modules are supported across all the industry major hypervisors. So we think we're in a great position to capitalize on that, and we've been talking to various providers and network equipment providers also about our solutions there.
John McAdam: And that's why I took some time -- in my introduction, I talked about BIG-IQ. Pardon the pun here, but BIG-IQ is a really big deal in this environment because of its ability to optimize and move applications around the clouds around it within the data center private to public, et cetera, et cetera.
Scott Thompson - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: All right. And then, one other quick question, if I may. The projects that are being released this quarter that are driving the strength in service provider, are those from the same service providers that drove the miss?
John McAdam: Oh, no. We're not linking products being released with the projects and service provider. It doesn't mean there is not an overlap, but that's all -- we're talking about projects coming to fruition and that could be with older products. It could be with new products. It's not linked to the actual product.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rohit Chopra of Wedbush.
Rohit N. Chopra - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of questions. How do you know that there isn't a trade-down effect or a competition impacting the business? And the other part that I wanted to ask was, how do you know that the release of the 5000 and the 7000 won't cause another potential pause in the business, as people evaluate?
John McAdam: Yes. And obviously, on the latter part, there may be some element of that. I think we've taken that into account now when we gave our guidance. So that's possible. Having said that, the 2000 entry-level. The 10000, of course, are moving into the second quarter and it hopefully will benefit the way the 4200 did. So there, I think, is give-and-take there. On the first question regarding competition, one of the things we did say -- on our pre-announcement, we said we are seeing some more engagements with competition. There's no question about that, especially because of the ACE opportunity that -- obviously, everybody's looking at that, and we're seeing a little bit of a ramp-up there. But our competitive win rates, which we follow very, very closely, very closely. We look at revenue, we look at the number of engagements and we look at the win rate in both, and that's still very solid for us. And not only that, we're increasing our functionality. Security, we're doing really well in. Access, we're doing really well in. When we talk to the sales force -- and you can imagine we've had a laser focus in doing that, we basically are not hitting anything different from them. I mean, we're not dismissing competition. Don't get me wrong, but we don't see a significant change, and we absolutely -- when we look at the deals that slipped last quarter and didn't come to fruition, it's actually hard to find any that were competitive losses. In other words...
Rohit N. Chopra - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Any evidence of trade-downs, John?
John McAdam: What do you mean by trade-downs?
Rohit N. Chopra - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: [indiscernible] higher-end products, and maybe they're looking...
John McAdam: Yes, I think there should be some of that. I think, definitely -- we are talking about pretty significant price performance advantages, the 2400 -- the VIPRION 2400, that's been incredibly successful, has probably increased, taken some of the low end of the higher end of the VIPRION. Does that make sense? So to some degree, yes. But the other side to that is the attach rate in software modules is going up. So there is a balance there, as -- okay, you're getting a better price performance from the products, but you can add more software modules to it. So that comes into play as well.
Karl D. Triebes: Yes. This is Karl by the way. I'm just going to add to that, Rohit, that we're also allowing more modules to run, in fact, all the modules down to the lowest end platforms. And so, we expect that to help drive software sales, and we have vCMP running on most of our appliances well now. So we'll expect that to extend -- we'll extend that. So we're adding more software services straight down the lineup.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Bergan of Craig-Hallum.
Ryan R. Bergan - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division: I apologize if I missed this, but when you talked about service provider deals that slipped out of the last quarter into the current quarter, we're you also -- we're you addressing total deals that slipped including U.S. federal, or was that just a service provider comment?
John McAdam: Specifically, the comment was -- I was talking about service provider. I did say that -- and I'm going to repeat here, we're only in 3 weeks of the quarter, right? So I don't -- although it's important to us because we really do check our business weekly. We have seen a fairly good start across-the-board not just in service provider, but especially in service provider.
Ryan R. Bergan - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Would you characterize in these first 3 weeks -- and I understand it's early that you're seeing -- have you started to see any of those U.S. federal deals that slipped hit here in the June quarter?
John McAdam: You know what? I don't know if I know the answer to that, specifically.
Ryan R. Bergan - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Okay. And I understand that you only give guidance out for 1 quarter. But kind of give me some of your general thoughts on September quarter, U.S. federal with being in the fiscal year end. And do you see -- what kind of generalities do you see with the September quarter, the U.S. fed business this year versus maybe last year?
Andy Reinland: Yes. So with the federal business -- I mean, you're right. September quarter is the year end for government. And historically, for us, that's been a strong quarter and now it included our last Q4 in that comment. I probably won't give you any color on the coming September quarter. We'll do that on our next call, but it will be the end of the year for the federal government. So we'll see on that.
Ryan R. Bergan - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then one more for me. It looks like the technology segment was down year-on-year again. I'm just wondering if you feel like you've seen a bottom in that vertical yet, or if you feel like it's being impacted a bit from the macro here and that it's still maybe too soon to call the bottom on that vertical?
Andy Reinland: Well, I guess I'd look at it from last quarter where it was 13% and then, this quarter, came back to 18%. So I don't know the year-over-year off the top of my head, but I think we have talked on previous calls that we have seen some impact of some of our key customers developing their own very basic load balancing there. But we think we're executing well on diversifying new with our other offerings into that space and expanding that area, which is technology for us is very broad. But actually, I was happy to see it go from -- up to 18% this quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ittai Kidron of Oppenheimer.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Andy, I wanted to understand again -- on the carrier comments, it looks like, relative to your original guidance, you're about $25 million if we take the midpoint of the guide. And just looking at the run rate you're running at now and the service provider is about $60 million, it feels like you're -- $20 million out of that $25 million was roughly from that vertical, correct me if I'm wrong. Magnitude was very roughly in that range. Now if you're under the assumption that telco is off to an okay start as John mentioned, why should we not see a much greater snapback into this quarter in this vertical? I'm struggling to understand why this is not going to be close to an $80 million to $100 million business this quarter rather than what's your guidance implying another flat quarter for it.
John McAdam: I'm jumping in here to answer. [indiscernible] Look, we're 3 weeks in, first of all. Secondly, I do -- we do have a good pipeline. I feel good about a lot of the drivers. But we had a big miss last quarter. And given that scenario, I think you have to be cautious. And in fact, I think cautious is being prudent. So hopefully, we're being appropriately cautious and prudent.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And as a follow-up, John, you talked about the decline in the $1 million orders. But can you talk about that in the context of carrier versus enterprise? Is the same -- do you see the same deceleration in both enterprise $1 million deals, as well as service provider? Or is this distinct to the service provider vertical?
John McAdam: I'm not sure if I really know the answer to that. I -- yes, I was going to give you a gut-feel answer. Let me put it this way. In the service provider pipeline, we have good $1-million-plus deals. So my instincts are it's probably more on the enterprise side. But that's maybe something we'll check. And then, when we have another public forum, we can address that.
John Eldridge: Sharon, this is John Eldridge. We're going to take 2 more questions and then sign off.
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from Amitabh Passi.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I just had a couple on my end. First, John, where do you think we are with the Cisco ACE replacement process? Wondering if you can maybe give us a status update on deals and also whether or not you're seeing any sort of a renewed vigor from the Cisco-Citrix partnership? And then, just as a follow-up, I would love to get your thoughts on Diameter signaling, particularly given the recent acquisition made by Oracle. How do you sort of compete against them in this market?
John McAdam: Yes. On the first question regarding ACE, I mentioned -- I think it's a really good opportunity for us. I think that opportunity is going to last a while. I mean, I wouldn't put a timescale on it, but awhile. But more importantly, and we'd said this a number of times, when we're winning, especially in the bigger accounts, that doesn't need to be Fortune 500, but Fortune 500 large organizations. The chances of us doing repeat business and the chances of us expanding our solution portfolio is really, really high. It's a big chunk of our pipeline now, the ACE opportunity. The actual close rates are pretty reasonable, and our competitive win rate has been excellent -- has been really excellent. Now having said that, we don't dismiss the Cisco-Citrix partnership. We've seen it in some areas. But more often than not, we tend to be competing head-to-head with a competitor without Cisco being too much involved.
Manuel F. Rivelo: [indiscernible]
John McAdam: Oh, sorry, yes. And then, the Traffix Systems will -- yes, we feel really good about the Diameter solution, the Diameter product. We think it's the best out there. We thought that before the take-away [ph] acquisition. I don't know what will happen. Acme would also compete in that space. I'm not sure what will happen there. Obviously, that's up to Oracle. But there was really 3 before. And I think that we have -- the deal with us here is basically to get more and more projects to make sure we're partnering with the right partners, and I think that's a good strategy to do that. And I'm very hesitant here because Oracle is a great partner of ours, right? So there is coopetition also a great customer. So -- but I do think the Diameter solution is a great opportunity. Manny?
Manuel F. Rivelo: Yes. And I'll just add 1 comment to that. In the comments, the Diameter business is going as we projected. It's early in the market, as you all know. LTE is rolling out. As LTE rolls out, the complexity of those networks increases, and that's really when you need the DRA and DEA solutions that are in the market segment. So what we've seen is a huge ramp-up in the number of deals that we're being invited to. From an ARX [ph] point of view, we're seeing more proof-of-concepts out there than ever before. And over the last, I would say, 45 days or so, we've seen an interest from a lot of the operators who had already gone with some solutions prior to us entering the market, re-approaching us in that arena for our portfolio. So we're pretty excited. We think it's going according to plan. Obviously, time will tell.
Operator: And our last question comes from Jayson Noland of Robert Baird.
Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I wanted to ask about virtual ADC broadly and then, specifically, what you're seeing with the ADC at some of the large consumer cloud customers in the tech vertical on their usage patterns with that software-based solution.
Dan Matte: This is Dan, Jayson. The pattern that we're seeing with that type of customer basically is that they tend to associate the virtual versions down more closely with the application. So as opposed to somebody that would embrace, say, a VIPRION-type solution where you'd see that deploy with, sort of, closer-to-the-edge higher capacity requirements, all the benefits that a hardware solution brings, the vADC [ph] seems to be spread more deeply in their infrastructure and, actually, I'd say, is well within the enterprise. And last quarter, we saw a couple of very nice deals that were driven by that type of adoption.
John McAdam: The other thing is that -- a couple of things on vADC [ph] that I want to push again is our performances is really fantastic, and our hypervisor support is second to none. But the big deal, I think, is the fact that this BIG-IQ management capability, we're talking about software and systems as one across different data centers. So I think we're really well placed there. But it's still early days.
Karl D. Triebes: Yes -- and this is Karl. By the way, I'll also add that we will shortly be releasing higher performance versions of our VE's across all the hypervisors, including a new hypervisor that runs in Amazon cloud. And we'll be introducing more cloud-based service as well. And this, again, as John was saying, ties very nicely to our BIG-IQ cloud manager, where we can actually move traffic between clouds and the users to either private cloud or data center. It doesn't matter to us.
Dan Matte: Right. And integrate with our partners' orchestration systems and managements systems, which is a vital piece of that solution as well.
Karl D. Triebes: Yes.
Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Is the tech vertical the largest opportunity for what you're talking about here?
Karl D. Triebes: I think tech is a big one, but enterprise as well.
Dan Matte: I think it's broad-based.
John Eldridge: Okay. Well, thank you, all, very much for joining us on this call, and we'll do our best to have an update call next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-01-23 16:30:00) =====
Executives:  John Eldridge - Director, IR Andy Reinland - EVP and CFO John McAdam - President and CEO Karl Triebes - EVP, Product Development and CTO Dan Matte - EVP, Marketing and Business Development Manny Rivelo - EVP, Security and Strategic Solutions
Analysts:  Brent Bracelin – Pacific Crest Securities Matt Robison – Wunderlich Securities Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley Jess Lubert – Wells Fargo Securities. LLC Mark Sue – RBC Capital Markets Jayson Noland – Robert W. Baird Alex Kurtz – Sterne Agee Rod Hall – JP Morgan Simon Leopold – Raymond James Kent Schofield – Goldman Sachs (Toa Leone) – Merrill Lynch 
Operator: 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the F5 Networks' first quarter results conference call. (Operator Instructions). I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Eldridge:  Thank you, Angie, and welcome everyone to our conference call for the first quarter of 2013. The speakers on today's call are John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer and Andy Reinland, Chief Financial Officer. Other members of our exec team are also with us to answer questions following their prepared comments.  If you have questions following today's call, please direct them to me at 206-272-6571. If you don’t have a copy of today's press release, you can get one from our website, F5.com. In addition, you can access an archived version of today's live webcast in the investor relations events calendar page of our website through April 24th. From 4:30 p.m. today until midnight Pacific Time, January 24th, you can also listen to a telephone replay at 800-695-3640 or 402-220-0318.  During today's call, the discussion will contain forward-looking statements that include words such as believe, anticipate, expect, and target. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our quarterly release described in detail in our SEC filings.  Before we begin, I want to remind you that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. Now I'll turn the call over to Andy Reinland.
Andy Reinland:  Thank you, John.  Q1 marked a quarter of focused execution within a challenging macro-economic environment. Against the backdrop of our typical fiscal Q1 seasonality, we delivered our 15th consecutive quarter of sequential revenue growth reporting revenue and earnings results within our guided range.  Before I discuss specific results for the quarter and our outlook for the second quarter, I would like to remind you that non-GAAP numbers exclude stock-based compensation expense and amortization of purchased and tangible assets. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results is included in our press release.  For the first quarter of fiscal 2013, revenue of $365.5 million was within our guided range of $363 to $370 million, an increase of 1% from the prior quarter and 13% year-over-year. GAAP EPS of $0.88 per diluted share and non-GAAP EPS of $1.14 per diluted share were within our guided ranges.  Product revenue of $204.7 million grew 4% year-over-year and represented 56% of total revenue. Service revenue of $160.7 million grew 28% year-over-year and accounted for 44%.  Q1 revenue from our Application Delivery Networking business was $359.9 million. And revenue from our ARX File Virtualization business was $5.5 million. Book-to-bill for the quarter was less than 1.  Accounting for 58% of the total, revenue from the Americas grew 12% from the first quarter of 2012. EMEA, which represented 23% of revenue grew 22% from the first quarter of last year.  APEC accounted for 14% of revenue and grew 16% year-over-year. Japan revenue declined 11% from a year ago and represented 5% of total revenue for the quarter.  Representing 23% of sales during the quarter, Telco was our strongest vertical followed by financial at 20%, technology 13%, and total government was 11% including U.S. Federal, which accounted for 5% of the total.  In Q1, we had three greater than 10% distributors, Avnet, which represented 16.9% of total revenue, Ingram Micro, which accounted for 15.2%, and Wescon, which accounted for 11%.  Reflecting a record contribution from software sales, our GAAP gross margin in Q1 was 83.3%. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 84.4%.  GAAP operating expenses of $195.5 million were within our target range of $193.5 to $198.5 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $171.7 million. GAAP operating margin was 29.8%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 37.4%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for Q1 was 37.2%. And our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 34.5%.  Turning to the balance sheet, cash flow from operations was $145 million contributing to total cash in investments of $1.29 billion at quarter end. ESO at the end of Q1 was 51 days. Inventories were $18.7 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $7.8 million. Deferred revenue increased 26% year-over-year to $480.6 million.  We ended the quarter with 3,125 employees, an increase of 95 from the prior quarter.  In Q1, we repurchased approximately 555,000 shares of our common stock at an average price of $90.02 per share for a total of $50 million. Approximately $131 million remains authorized under the current share repurchase program.  Now for the Q2 outlook. At the end of Q1, we began shipping several of the new hardware and software products we will be announcing over the next several weeks. We believe these new additions to our product portfolio will have a positive impact on our business as demand for the new products builds throughout fiscal year 2013.  In addition, we have continued to gain momentum with our security and service provider solutions. And we anticipate continued solid growth from our services business. As a result, we believe that we will achieve sequential revenue growth for the remainder of the fiscal year and reaccelerate product revenue growth in the second half of the year.  For the second quarter of fiscal 2013, our revenue target is $370 to $380 million. We expect GAAP gross margin in the 83% range including approximately $3 million of stock based compensation expense and $1 million in amortization of purchased and tangible assets. We anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of $198 to $205 million. This includes approximately $25.5 million of stock based compensation expense.  The recent extension of the R&D tax credit by Congress will have a favorable impact to our tax rates in Q2 driven by a one-time retroactive catch-up for fiscal 2012.  For Q2, we are forecasting a GAAP effective tax rate of 32.5% and a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 31%. We anticipate tax rates for the remainder of fiscal '13 to normalize closer to 36% for GAAP and 34% for non-GAAP.  Our GAAP EPS target is $0.93 to $0.96 per diluted share. Our non-GAAP EPS target is $1.21 to $1.24 per diluted share.  We plan to increase our head count by approximately 100 employees in the quarter.  We estimate DSO will be in the upper 40 day range.  We expect inventory levels within a range of $18 to $20 million.  And we believe our cash flow from operations will be in excess of $95 million reflecting the large sequential increase in our federal tax payments that is normal in our fiscal second quarter.  With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
John McAdam:  Thanks, Andy, and good afternoon everyone.  I was very pleased with the F5 team performance in Q1. We delivered year-over-year growth of 30%, continued to strengthen our balance sheet with strong cash generation under an increase in deferred revenue. And made significant progress in product development by introducing a range of new products with the goal of reaccelerating product revenue growth as well as increasing our solution portfolio in the addressable market for our products.  From a geographic perspective, we experienced mixed results in our major regions. Business in the Americas region excluding U.S. Federal delivered solid sequential sales bookings growth over Q4. However, we saw significant sequential decline in sales in U.S. Federal business. The U.S. Federal sales in Q1 were below our normal seasonal trends and below our internal forecast. We believe the reason for this decline was directly linked to the uncertainty caused by the Fiscal Cliff discussions. The sales pipeline in our federal business remains very strong. And we feel very confident about our future opportunities in this market.  Both EMEA and Asia-Pacific also delivered sequential sales bookings growth over Q4 with several large winds in each of these regions. In Japan, we experienced a significant year-over-year sequential growth in sales bookings. The booking forecast was reduced during the quarter as a well-publicized fiscal situation in Japan deteriorated. Japan in particular still has a large percentage of sales fulfilled by the mid to lower end of our appliance range of products. We believe Japan should benefit substantially from the product refresh I will talk about in a moment.  We had some really good sales in the last quarter when we replaced existing Cisco ACE products with F5 solutions including three ACE replacement winds in Fortune 50 companies. Our percentage of new business in Q1 was up 6% to 46% last quarter driven by ACE replacement winds globally.  We set another record for software sales in the quarter. Software module sales continued a strong growth. And sales of our software only virtual edition products set a new record high with some $1 million orders in the quarter.  Once again, our security solutions produced strong year-over-year growth driven by continued strength in the security module sales especially with our application firewall ESM module.  We also made good progress with our diameter solutions from the traffic systems acquisition with some good comparative LPE project winds. Service providers are moving to LP architectures on a global basis. And we believe this trend gives F5 the opportunity to increase our strategic footprint with these operators.  We have come to expect stellar results in our services business. And these results were again delivered in Q1 with 28% year-over-year growth and a 26% increase in deferred revenue compared to Q1 last year.  We talked in some detail at our analyst investor meeting in November of the large array of new products and software solutions, which we will be shipping during fiscal 2013. Our development team made fantastic progress last quarter in meeting their development milestones to deliver a significant new release of TMOS referred to internally as Solar, as well as delivering a number of new ADC platforms. The Solar release ships with approximately 76 new areas of functionality for TMOS including the debut of our advanced application delivery firewall solution. Enhanced virtual solutions with the industry brought us high provider's support, deployment options to support physical, virtual, and hybrid environments, and a new service provider solutions that carry a great network address translation, and policy enforcement module with deep pocket inspections.  Our policy enforcement module allows bigger IT to inspect and classify application and protocol traffic and dynamically enforce service provider policies. For example, our policy enforcement module supports a GX interface enabling inter-operability with a broad set of PCRX and our own traffic signaling delivery controller.  Development has also made great progress on the platform effect of delivering a range of new products. You may recall that we started shipping the first of these new platforms last quarter when we announced the BIG-IP 4200v platform. Our goal is to refresh the current product lines, a new range of products that provide significant price performance advantages with increased functionality. We were very pleased with the initial demand for the 4200v in Q1, which was above our original forecast. We believe this bodes well for the new range of products now available this quarter. The additional new products now available include the new eight blade VIPRION 1400 chassis, which handles performance levels well above any other products in the industry.  Also introduced are the new VIPRION blades, our new FPGA hardware based security capabilities that significantly increase the performance of VIPRION to defend against specific types of the [inaudible] service or DDoS attacks while allowing the system to maintain an extremely high level of through put.  The new seas of the big IT platform introduces industry leading performance as well as first such as 10-gigabit interfaces on the low end and 40-gig interfaces on the high end of the lineup. These new ADC platforms enable the dynamic use of IT resources through F5's innovative scale end technology. ScaleN allows customers to elegantly enhance their application delivery infrastructures by adding capabilities as business needs grow. Unlike comparative approaches, ScaleN does not require extra hardware or customers to disable features to use it. This enables organizations to simplify their IT infrastructures and make their technology investments more efficient and cost effective.  As far as the outlook is concerned, Andy indicated that we expect to see sequential growth this quarter. As I mentioned earlier, we saw a very cautious spending environment last quarter especially in our Japan and U.S. Federal business. However, looking forward, we believe that we have significant revenue growth opportunities starting this quarter. And these opportunities should increase our momentum as we enter the second half of fiscal 2013.  We are now at the initial phase of one of the most significant product line refresh opportunities that we have had in several years. Product training is underway and will continue over the next few weeks to ensure our sales force and channel partners maximize the advantage of these new products.  Also as mentioned earlier, we're seeing good momentum with sales of our software only and hybrid software system solutions. We expect this momentum to continue with the expansion of our industry leading range of high provider's support. These solutions can now support customer's bases and [inaudible] environments with unprecedented performance. Our virtual software ADCs now include closed solutions based on Amazon web services and VMware vCloud suite as well as Microsoft Hyper-V, (ZEN), and KVN Learning.  We also believe that the new solar release of TMOS significantly expands our addressable market. In particular, the new application delivery firewall solution gives our enterprise and service provider customers the ability to integrate essential security capabilities and protect our application's data end users.  F5's application delivery firewall solution is the first in the industry to combine DDoS protection, network firewall, application security, access management, and DNS security with traffic management while maintaining industry leading performance and scalability.  We also see market expansion opportunities in the service provider market with our new Carrier-Grade NAT solution, policy enforcement modules, and our traffic systems to amateur solutions for LTE deployment.  In addition, TMOS has been engineered to operate in an SDN infrastructure dynamically enabling application level layer three to layer seven services. TMOS provides true separation of data, control, application, and management planes enabling our customers smooth migration to SDN. For example, with the introduction of new capabilities later this year to our big IP and our big IQ platforms, customers will be able to see mostly managed applications in both DX-1 and the NVGLE-enabled environments, and leverage sophisticated automation and application's control capabilities through our new iControl API extension Cloud IQ API.  Finally, we believe there's a real growth opportunity for F5 in replacing the large base of existing Cisco ACE solutions. As I mentioned earlier, we had some great ACE replacement wins last quarter and the pipeline of business for this opportunity is very strong. F5 has a unique and stellar track record of replacing Cisco ADC products in Fortune 500 accounts over the last several years. The timing of our new ADC platform availability is ideal for us to exploit this opportunity.  Clearly, I feel very optimistic for the future prospects for F5. I'd like to take this opportunity to thank the F5 team and our partners and look forward to continued support for the rest of the year. And with that, we’ll now hand the call over for Q&A. 
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator instructions). Our first question comes from Brent Bracelin from Pacific Crest. Your line is open. 
Brent Bracelin – Pacific Crest Securities: Thank you. John, I really wanted to focus in on kind of the appliance refresh. Could you kind of frame for us the volume, where the bulk of the volumes within the appliances are coming from, 4,200 was shipping in the quarter, is that the high volume product or how should we think about the two additional appliances that you’ll be shipping this quarter, the 2,000 at the low end and the 10,000 at the high end? Does that provide you move coverage as you think about the competition in that environment? Are those important products that should give you a little more cover relative to the competitors and refreshing those appliances? Any color there would be very helpful. 
John McAdams – President, CEO:  The 4,200 PB is the lower end of the midrange, so not quite the – so you know, it’s a [inaudible] product but it’s not quite the volume product in either actual volume of units or in revenue. It’s a very important product, I don’t want to put it down, it’s pretty important. The big volume product, certainly from a unit perspective, but also nontrivial from a revenue perspective is the entry-level product and that’s – you know, that’s been the case for many years and we think will continue. So the truth falls in the series because we’re talking about more than one model here, is very significant especially with things like 10 gig and [inaudible] like that.   I can talk about, or maybe Karl could talk about if you want some more detail there. And then of course there at the high end of appliance range, we’ve set about even higher with the 10,200 which is – so, these are really important products, very significant ones. 
Brent Bracelin – Pacific Crest Securities:  Very helpful, and as you think about the competition, where do you think you need the coverage – is it really the low end where you felt a little pain, kind of, over the last, you know, six to nine months, and that’s really the product that we should focus on going forward as a potential reacceleration growth?
John McAdams – President, CEO:  I think with a scale and technology – with the ability to do more modules, I, quite honestly, I think all of our products are going to be pretty hot because of that price, performance change. But if you are going to ask me where – probably where our most weakest, probably at the low end, I would agree with that.
Brent Bracelin – Pacific Crest Securities:  Okay, great, thank you – and then just one quick one on Cisco ACE. You had three ACE wins in Fortune 50, did you recognize revenue on those, any of those three ACE wins in the quarter, are those wins that you do expect to see revenue on in the March time frame?
John McAdams – President, CEO:  It’s actually yes and yes to most of that – I don’t want to say 100% certain because it’s - the forecast needs to be careful with forecasting accounts. But we saw revenue last quarter, and given the opportunity, we’ll probably see that increasing in that – that’s the whole point of getting into the Fortune 50 accounts, or Fortune 500 for that matter.
Brent Bracelin – Pacific Crest Securities: Okay, fair enough, thank you. 
Operator:  Thank you, Matt Robison from Wunderlich Securities. 
Matt Robison – Wunderlich Securities:  Yes, Matt Robertson at Wunderlich. Can you comment if the – if you’ve got recognition yet for the policy enforcement, and maybe give us an update on DevCentral users?
John McAdams – President, CEO:  Yes – so, the policy enforcement is part of the solar release that, you know, Karl’s team is basically meeting the milestones and have it ready for the end of last calendar year. So, in truth, most of that solar stuff is this quarter – I mean, it’s this quarter and beyond, and we would expect to see sales of that. I mean, it’s very new, it will take a while to ramp up, take some training, as all software does. We – oh, by the way, we expect the platforms in sales to be much [inaudible] because they can run not in just solar, but also in previous releases like the 4200 could, and the VIPRION 2400. But with software, you know, we want to be a little bit cautious with because it does take some time to bleed through the market, but we would expect to see sales win.
Karl Triebes – EVP, Product Development, CTO:  Yes – and by the way, Matt, this is Karl. One thing that I would also mention with the [inaudible] module, the customers tend to have a longer sense of – search providers tend to have a much longer qualification cycle where they have to go through and run the different applications, and whatnot in their environments. So, the ramp rate of that will tend to be different than necessarily some of our other features like security, and other things in our platforms. 
Matt Robison – Wunderlich Securities:  If it’s probably solar, than it comes with maintenance agreements I would expect, right? 
John McAdams – President, CEO:  Absolutely.
Matt Robison – Wunderlich Securities:  So, is there any specific hardware that needs to be in place to invoke the policy enforcement – the DPI capability that is required for that?
Karl Triebes – EVP, Product Development and CTO: Yes, with the PenModual, obviously our VIPRION platforms and our higher end platforms – right now, we don’t support it on the low end of the range yet, because it is very much focused on the surge provider market.
Matt Robison – Wunderlich Securities:  Yes, so the VIPRION platforms that are available now can do it?
Karl Triebes – EVP, Product Development and CTO:  That is correct.
Matt Robison – Wunderlich Securities:  And update on DevCentral users?
Dan Matte – EVP, Marketing and Business Development:  Yes, sure, Matt, this is Dan. So DevCentral we’ve finished up the quarter just over a 116,000 members – so, we see a great growth continuing there, and just one thing that I would highlight as well – some of the activities that we’re doing, things are guru panels, for example, to get the word out we’re seeing great traction on things like our ACE Replacement panel, and expansion into DNS services as well. So, you know, not only DevCentral user account, but participation in some of these things are growing in a great way. 
Matt Robison – Wunderlich Securities:  Thanks a lot, I will let somebody else’s question in.
Operator:  Thank you, Ehud Gelblum from Morgan Stanley, your line is open.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley:  Hi guys, thanks, I appreciate it. A quick question on WesCon, as they are now 10% customer, were they – can you give us a sense geographically, was that mainly a US account, or were they more international, and was the growth there responsible for most of the uptick in services, or was that just coincidental?
Andy Reinland – EVO, CFO:  Hey, Ehud, the first part of your question – so, WesCon has long been a distributor of ours just to not hit that 10% threshold.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley: Right.
Andy Reinland – EVP, CFO:  And then six months ago you might have recalled a press release where we named them really our first true international distributor, and so the balance of that revenue has – I don’t have the specific breakdown, but it has gone over that 10% principle driven by international revenue, and I didn’t hear the second half of his question.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley:  Well, basically it was following up on that – as they peak through the 10% mark from where they were before, and I don’t – we always knew there was significant…
Andy Reinland – EVP, CFO:  Yes.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley:  But obviously they were in the 7-8% maybe range or so. Was that the difference in the quarter, or was it just coincidental that they happen to break through the 10% [inaudible]?
Andy Reinland – EVO, CFO:  I say it’s more coincidental.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley: It’s more coincidental, okay.
John McAdams – President, CEO:  Yes, definitely it’s coincidental, there is no link to any specific products here [inaudible] our geography.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley: Okay, helpful. With guidance, we booked a bill less than one, how should we be reading the product versus services split as we look at guidance for next quarter? Should we be looking for product revenue in sequential basis until again we can be sort of flat to perhaps downing – down a little bit with services making most of the difference given the book to bill, or should we be seeing products starting to move up on a sequential basis?
Andy Reinland – EVP, CFO:  Yes, when we give our guidance we always assume book to bill equal to one, so I think you can look at our guidance from that perspective, and the strong message I want to reiterate here though is we really expect to see as we go into the back half of this year, Q3, Q4, that is where we’re really going to look to see reacceleration of the product revenue growth. 
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley: Alright, okay, finally, on Japan, is – what’s your expectation on Japan for next quarter – you said most of the issues were in the low end, I would imagine there’s some competitive issues there. Is that now shipping and fixed to the point where you can start seeing that to start to rebound, is that an area that we can look if we don’t have much faith in the US Federal in the near term, is Japan an area that can start recovering sooner more in Q – in the next quarter, or the quarter after? 
John McAdams – President, CEO:  Yes – I mean, we’re being cautious on that area – this is John. So, I mean, it’s clearly in the forecast, but we’re being pretty cautious with that – Dave, do you want to comment on what we saw last quarter?
Dan Matte – EVP, Marketing and Business Development:  Yes, I think we just saw, you know, pretty tough macro environment, not only from, you know, end user customer, but even with our partners as well, that we – that we, you know, just saw pretty much as the quarter went on towards the end of the quarter, really business stopped. So, you know, we’re looking at a little better quarter this quarter in Japan, but it’s still going to be a challenge. 
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley: I see, it wasn’t as competitive as you think, it’s completely the macro, and then….
John McAdams – President, CEO:  We really – Dave really pushed in that during the quarter [inaudible] – well, you never really can be 100% certain, but the feedback we go back to team, and by the way, we are really – we’ve got a lot funds in this Japan management, and the team was – they really saw some 
Operator:   Thank you. Jess Lubert from Wells Fargo Security, your line is open.
Jess Lubert - Well Fargo Security:  Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. A couple of questions. First I was hoping you could help us understand what drove the weakness in the Technology Vertical, the business has declined year-over-year and four of the last five quarters, so I’d be curious to understand. Are customers waiting for new product? Is there a competitive issue? And to what extent you believe this Vertical is likely to improve in future quarters?
Dan Matte – EVP, Marketing and Business Development:  Sure Jess, this is Dan. So, on the Tech Vertical issue, you’re right. I mean, the Tech Vertical has trended down over the past several quarters for us, and we believe it’s driven really by a couple of our larger customers that are taking alternative architectural approaches in terms of how they’re building things. So, generally what (dead air) and they’re building some basic functionality into that app. And, so we’ve been seeing that going on, and obviously we’re doing something about it.  We’ve got projects going on internally that we believe will provide this type of customer with bays that will make it easier for them to integrate our functionality into the applications [inaudible] that they’ve got. 
John McAdam – President and CEO:  And just to be very pointed [Inaudible]competitive at all. It’s more that you know they’ve definitely seeing some architectural in-house changes.
Jess Lubert - Well Fargo Security: So, does that business kind of linger around this level the next couple of quarters, until you can implement some of these new solutions, then it ramps back up? Is that the right way to think about it?
John McAdam – President and CEO: Yes, that’s probably the assumption we’re making at the moment.
Jess Lubert - Well Fargo Security:  And, you know, then they just want to touch base on the Carrier business, how you’re thinking about that going into 2013, clearly a better quarter here. Several major Q1 providers have suggested they’re going to spend more in 2013 than they did in 2012, so would love to get some of your thoughts, and what you’re hearing from some of the major service providers. If you’ve seen a change of tone, or an uptick in activity that has you more optimistic about the Carrier businesses as we work through the year?
Manny Riveldo – EVP, Security and Strategic Solutions: Hey, Jess, this is Manny, just to comment on that. So, we’re actually seeing a lot of excitement based on the solutions that we’re bringing out to the market. And it’s primarily driven by a couple of factors. As we all know, there’s huge amounts of demand today around the mobile space. So we’ve been organizing and orchestrating over the course of the last year, is really a set of solutions for a mobile and fixed operators, that really begin to deliver advanced capabilities in terms of traffic management, and being able to send to the subscribers as what the application is. And then being able to make policy decisions around that.  So, as we take these architectures out to these customers, they’re very interested in various different solutions. So, we think we’re going to have a very strong second half. But to the point that Karl make, a lot of this new technology we introduced in the market – or we’re introducing over the coming couple of weeks, is going to go into trial environments and it’s going to have to go through validation. And this will be our PAM Module, our [inaudible] Modules, our advance traffic shaping, and traffic steering capabilities, as well as continuing with our Traffix Solution set to our Diameter solutions [inaudible] market.
Jess Lubert - Well Fargo Security: Would you expect the Telco business to grow faster than the Enterprise business in fiscal 2013?
John McAdam – President and CEO: Possibly, and we’ve had this question so many times over the last couple of years. I think you’ll see quarters where it’s more lumpy than others. And if it’s lumpy on the high side, clearly you know, we’ll see it pick up a little bit. And certainly it’s a key [inaudible] we’ve got. You know, when we look at the products we’re bringing to market, especially in the software side of things with the application firewall and with RAM and with Carrier grade NAT, and Diameter, there’s more of an array of products, but there is going to be some lumpiness. So, I think over time yes, but I would like to talk about that in the next two or three quarters.
Andy Reinland –EVP and CFO:  Yes, one additional comment Jess. We’re going to be at Barcelona obviously a mobile well congress, and really rolling out these solution sets broadly. And around three key tenets: One is optimization of the carriers networks. The second is really around the modernization, so they can monetize additional service offerings, and the third is around security. Security is becoming a very, very important topic for all of the mobile operators out there. So, we have some interesting solutions coming out and look forward to sharing those with you.
Jess Lubert - Well Fargo Security:  Thanks guys.
Operator:  Thank you. Mark Sue from RBC Capital Markets, your line is open.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets:  Thank you gentlemen. I was just wondering on product transition. Can you think any customers might have caused the head of the new product launch? And just any thoughts on [inaudible] and some of your lower end products that so much more performance for the price than some of your mid-ranged products from the past?
John McAdam – President and CEO:  Yes on the potential [inaudible] it’s so hard to really, you know put numbers around that. You may remember Mark at the [inaudible] Day we did point out where we saw one or two [inaudible] was used as an example. We haven’t seen a lot of that anecdotally to be fair. But it’s a really difficult thing to judge, you know, because the customer may not tell you that they are waiting. Because we have been fairly public over these. So, we will see. I mean, we think we’re going to see a very good reaction given what happened with the 42 hundred, and given the fact that, you know they can run on solar or in the previous [inaudible] so they can move quite quickly.  But I wouldn’t like to make a big statement about it, because it wasn’t obvious to – what was the other?
Andy Reinland –EVP and CFO:  In terms of the performance, you’re asking about performance and the impact of low end to the mid-range. I mean, one thing that we think about with these platforms is that we increased performance also to increase the ability of the platforms to run the modules. And so, we wanted to do that while byproduct of that issue increased throughput and transactional throughput as well. So that’s part of the equation that we look at as part of this.
Mark Sue – RBC Capital Markets:   Got it. And then generally on security, it seems when I look at your competitors, Cisco and Juniper, the security market share seems to have stabilized. Is it getting incrementally harder for F5 to gain share in security or are you now – and are you now seeing a different class of competitors?
Manny Rivelo – EVP, Security and Strategic Solutions:  Hey, Mark. This is Manny. Let me just take that, so in general no, it’s not getting incrementally harder. Obviously the competition is aggressive, and as we enter the market they’re going to continue to target not only themselves, but also us. But what we’re seeing is, we’re seeing a new set of buying patterns are developing. And there’s three predominant use cases that we’re positioning our solutions to, and this is the solution that John talked about around out application delivery firewall. The three use cases are mobile and fixed operators, and that is really all about performance and massive expansion, and throughput connections per second, things of that nature which our platforms are well suited to accommodate. The second is really what I would refer to as the Enterprise and service provider, IT or internet data center. This is the protection of your dub, dub, dub applications and being able to defend those from [inaudible] attacks all the way to application vulnerabilities. And the third thing we’re seeing, which is really why we’ve expanded so aggressively with our virtual addition, is being able to protect applications as you spin them out to the cloud. Meaning the hybrid environment if you will.  So, in those three use cases, we feel very comfortable with our solution set. We’re well positioned, great performance, great scalability, and we bring unique value. So, we think we’re in a prime position to continue to grow there in the market.
Mark Sue – RBC Capital Markets: That’s helpful. Thanks Manny, thanks gentlemen.
Operator:  Thank you. Jason Noland from Robert W. Baird, your line is open. 
Jason Noland - Robert W. Baird:  Great, thank you. Just to step back John, a question on your comment about challenging macros. Is that a reference to Federal and Japan, or were you seeing smaller deal sizes or delayed deals in US Enterprise in Europe.
John McAdam – President and CEO:   It was more of a reaction to Federal and Japan because we did see improvement in the other regions, especially in North America actually. However, we could say – in previous calls we talked about the million dollar plus deals being less than we’ve previously seen. We still saw that trend last quarter, so in in fact to be more specific, we actually saw 500 to a million dollar deals up quite significantly. But the million dollar plus ones [inaudible] to similar levels to Q4 and Q3, so we’re not dismissing that macro, because we definitely believe that is a macro scenario. Where instead of spending 1.5 million, you spend 900,000, and it really was quite significant.
Jason Noland - Robert W. Baird:   So some of the upside was pushed out into this year possibly?
John McAdam – President and CEO:  Well possibly, and that’s an interesting question, because we are seeing the pipeline and this is obviously linked to the forecast, but we are seeing the pipeline of million dollar deals increasing. So, that’s a good sign, and we’ll see what happens, but you know, at the end of the day we’ll measure it next quarter.
Jason Noland - Robert W. Baird: Okay, last question from me on the Cisco/ACE replacement opportunity. What’s the sense of urgency out there? Are people in a hurry here, or are they just kind of sitting back waiting to see what Cisco is going to do?
John McAdam – President and CEO: I think it’s pretty reasonable. I mean, I can’t remember the last time we’ve won three Fortune 50 brand new projects in a while. I also think there’s no doubt it is linked to our new business being up more than it normally is. It’s 46%, it’s usually right about the 40%. And then we did the North America, - Americas I should say, QVR at the beginning of this week and there was a lot of discussion from all the management team of the ACE opportunities. I know we’re hearing the same, and from the customers prospective, -yes I mean I guess it depends on what the application is they’re running. But if it’s mission critical, I think if I was them, I would have some options. 
Jason Noland - Robert W. Baird: Thanks, John. 
Operator:  Thank you. Alex Kurtz, Sterne Agee, your line is open. 
Alex Kurtz – Sterne Agee: Yeah, thanks for taking the questions, guys. Andy, could you take us through gross margin in a little more detail this quarter. It looked like obviously very strong product margins but if I look at your guidance, it implies it being down sequentially. Can you just take us through that a little bit? 
Andy Reinland – EVP, CFO:  Yeah. The key driver that led us to really what is now an all-time high for us on product margin was a very strong quarter in software sales. So not only software modules, but sales of our virtual addition. So we see that as good.  Part of the guidance – I look at the guidance as more flattish. We do think we’ll see some pullback on the service side a little bit as we continue to hire there. Obviously, customer satisfaction is most important to us and we want to keep hiring in that area. So I see it as flattish is how I’d characterize it. 
Alex Kurtz – Sterne Agee: Okay, and John, just on the U.S. Federal post or close of the quarter, have any of those deals or some of the pipeline that was getting stuck at the end of the quarter, have you seen any improvement or is it the challenges continuing here? 
John McAdam – President, CEO:  Normally we wouldn’t comment on that. We get asked that type of thing a lot. I mean, it’s not something that – yeah, there’s no big trend there that you should think about. We’re still being conservative on the Federal because it really was doing – especially sales bookings were doing quite substantially last quarter from the budget flush that happened in September. 
Alex Kurtz – Sterne Agee: Okay. Thanks, guys. 
Operator:  Rod Hall from JP Morgan, your line is open. 
Rod Hall – JP Morgan: Yeah, hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. So I just want to paraphrase what you said so far and then I had one more questions and I just wanted to make sure that this is accurate. So it sounds like you experienced Federal weakness in the quarter just [inaudible], the quarter you’re guiding, the slight revenue you’re guiding for, is that continuing Federal, underline Federal caution or are you adding to that from the Enterprise weakness? So I guess there’s a little bit of a question burred in that. And then as you look to this recovery late in the year, can you talk to us about what the main driver there is? It sounds like you think maybe the Telecom business is the primary driver for that road of recovery. And if you could quantify where you get to on growth rate as well, you know, do you get back to like a mid-teens type of growth rate by the end of the year? You know, any help you can give us there would be good. 
John McAdam – President, CEO:  My apologizes for starting off negative, but on the final bit, we’re not going to give the growth to you ever. We’re going to take that a quarter at a time. We do think, as Andy said, we believe that in the second half total revenue growth will excel but that’s the best that we’re saying there, Rod.  On the forecast, yeah, we’re being cautious in Japan and Federal. I think we have to be there. In terms of the Teleco as being the most exciting – it’s certainly up there. It’s very, very exciting, Manny talked about that, the wide range of portfolio now that we can sell into these Telco’s that are pretty unique in the whole mode of areas. But you know, the ACE opportunity is massive for us. We think the product refresh, if it follows any historical trends what so ever, will be significant as well. And then the rest of the [inaudible]. So there’s a bunch of stuff, you know, most of which, by the way, helps Telco, but also helps [inaudible]. 
Rod Hall – JP Morgan: John, it kind of sounds like you guys are – regardless of what happened in the macro, you’re kind of positioned to grow in the second half of the year is the way you feel. Is that the right way to think about it? 
John McAdam – President, CEO:  From a product revenue growth acceleration perspective? 
Rod Hall – JP Morgan: Right. 
John McAdam – President, CEO:  Yes, that’s correct. That’s how we feel. 
Rod Hall – JP Morgan: Yeah. And then I just – one last little thing is all. On SDN, you know, you’ve made some comments about how you’re positioned well to be integrated in the SDN. It does feel like, though, strategically you’re moving to providing [inaudible] services, the wider array of them. But if you’re not in control of the market you potentially are out of strategic disadvantage. I just wondered, you know, you guys are pretty good in software, would you ever consider moving into that controller market? 
Karl Triebes – EVP, Product Development, CTO:  Well, our goal. Hi, this is Karl, by the way. With SDN, I mean, the big IP platform is inheritably designed to enable SDN environments. And we’re not trying to move into the switching business with that. What that means for us is that we work with an eco-system of partners that allows our customers to implement these broad SDN-enabled applications and networks. So we’re partnered with – you know, we talked about at VM World, we demonstrated with VM Ware a service orchestration solution per V Cloud. We have open-flow partnerships. There was a press release that went out with, I think it was Big Switch that released a press release that talked about our interoperability with them. Our platform is designed to work with these different application, these different control protocols and provide that application knowledge and really help optimize, manage, secure, do whatever, but focus on the applications as well. 
Rod Hall – JP Morgan: Good. Okay. Thanks a lot, guys. 
Operator:  Thank you. Simon Leopold from Raymond James, your line is open. 
Simon Leopold – Raymond James: Great. Thank you very much. I wanted to follow up on a couple things that were touched on earlier. One is in terms of – I’d like to get a better understanding of the Telco vertical use cases. Let me share my understanding of how they’ve been used is largely in the Telco data center, historically, and not really in the network and I think you’ve talked a lot in the past about opportunities and applications in the network. Could we get really a better understanding of the timeline of your expectations of let’s say greater network participation in the Telco vertical? 
Manny Rivelo – EVP, Security and Strategic Solutions:  Yeah, so obviously, this is Manny, Simon. So obviously, the data center space is something that you mentioned you’re familiar with so I won’t go into that, but obviously there’s a litany of solutions inside the data center space that we provide. In the core network where our primary use case is, is really in [inaudible] core, sitting inside the [inaudible] core, analysing the traffic flow and being able to understand the application, the subscriber traffic flow. And based on that, be able to apply a set of network services to monetize if you will or to optimize that.  So let me give you an example of that. A typical example of that would be to understand who the subscriber is, what application they’re trying to access. If that application tends to be a video application, we may re-steer that traffic to a cacheting engine as an example. Or if it’s a non-premium customer, we may rate limit that traffics so that they don’t consume all the RAM bandwidth. At the same time, depending on what the flows are, we may want to provide security services or carrier-grade NAT services. So what we’re doing is, by understanding the application of the subscriber, we’re able to implement a set of services inside that infrastructure, consolidating that, reducing the cost to the operator at the same time giving them monetization strategies.  In addition to that, we’re moving very aggressively into the LTE space and we’re looking at the growth in 4G networks and how 4G networks also integrate with 3G networks and roaming across 4G networks. So the result of that, our Traffix acquisition that happened now approximately a year ago is something that we’re aggressively pursuing with all of the mobile operators as we move out there. So that footprint is also active, very active right now and we’ve seen some material wins over the last couple of quarters so we’ll continue to engage in that.  So those are two predominate uses cases above and beyond the traditional, if you will, data center solutions that we offer. 
Simon Leopold – Raymond James: And have any of these use cases that you just described contributed to revenue yet or are they still on the come? 
Manny Rivelo – EVP, Security and Strategic Solutions:  No, they are. They’re attributing to revenue and as a matter of fact, a lot of the new modules we’ve introduced over the course of the – or we’re introducing here in the next couple of week, were being implemented in our platforms through iRules, right, because we have an open data plane and we allow our customers to program to that.  So the net of it is that we’ve been monetizing this through the classic platform for numerous years. Now that we’re doing is, we’re exposing that through our [inaudible], making it easier for the operators to manage this environment, which is really what they’re looking for. They’re looking for visibility and exposure and monitoring capabilities to be exposed natively in the product without it having to be programed if you will. 
Simon Leopold – Raymond James: Great. That’s helpful. And then the second thing I wanted to ask about was, you talked about wins from displacement of ACE products. I’m just wondering two aspects of that. One is if you could characterize your win rate given that your competitors are also trying to exploit the same opportunity and displace ACE? And the second part of that is have you had to sacrifice any margin or pricing as incentives for those trade ins, whether there was any kind of trade off for those wins? Thank you. 
John McAdams – President, CEO:  Dan might want to comment on this as well, but we said – as I say, I mentioned we saw it through the North America – I keep saying that – the Americas. I don’t want to forget Canada and Latin America. The Americas [inaudible] on Monday and we have the better wins and I didn’t hear any losses. You know, you’re going to not win deals you don’t see, that happens. But the win rate seems to be incredibly high. 
Dan Matte – EVP, Marketing and Business Development: No, we’re doing very, very well in the win rate and you know, we certainly have given incentives to our partners and certainly trade ins to the customers on, you know, to give, you know, bring the business in quicker and sooner to work. We’re not seeing any real losses to our competitors in the [inaudible] at this time. 
Manny Rivelo – EVP, Seucrity and Strategic Solutions:  And if I may add something, and this is Manny again. We’re not only seeing direct replacement if you will for server load balancing around ACE, but what we’re also seeing is a very rapidly evolving landscape around threats and vulnerabilities that are out there. So some of these decisions that customers are making are not just to replace the ACE functionality but they’re to bring new functionality into that environment, like IPv6, like protection for DDOS attacks, things that we natively do also in our platforms. So it’s not just an apples-for-apples replacement, it’s really upleveling their infrastructure and positioning for the future. 
Simon Leopold – Raymond James:  Great. Thanks for taking my questions. 
John Eldridge – Director, IR:  Angie, this is John Eldridge. We’re going to take two more questions and then wrap it up. 
Operator:  Thank you. Kent Schofield from Goldman Sachs, your line is open. 
Kent Schofield – Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you. To follow up on a couple of questions around software, you mentioned adding some performance features to the virtual additions. Can you talk a little bit about what those are and what those mean for your software business going forward? And then as a follow on as well to an earlier one, you mentioned some alternative approaches in the tech space. How does that software play of yours fit into hopefully addressing those alternative approaches? 
Karl Triebes – EVP, Productc Development and CTO:  Right, so hey, Kent, this is Karl. So with the VEs, we significantly enhanced performance so now we have 3-gigabyte versions pretty much straight across all the different hypervisor types where they can allow that. So that enabled customers now in the virtual environments to run it three times faster than previously. And then with regards to – you’re referring to these customers that presume to Dan’s comments earlier about some of these environments where they’ve changed the architecture, well, in those environments, what they’ve done is they’ve gone and started leveraging some newer technology around Java Script and some technology called Node. What they’re doing there was essentially with their own development teams, kind of writing their applications to inherently understand or be a part of that framework. With our newer – some of the newer functionality coming out in the big IPs, and this is just kind of a sampling of it, we have some new APIs, these rest- based APIs, both with our new big IQ management platform. Also, we have a next-generation version of iControl that’s a part of the big IP project itself that allows it to inherently adapt better to these different Java Script or these Node or these other type of web-based environments more easily than in the past. So they can automate, manage, orchestrate their applications much easier there.  So – and there’s a lot more behind that in terms of our road map of what we’re putting down with that, you know, we have some new stuff that for the cloud-based orchestration and et cetera. But we think we have a significant offering coming that, again, helps us in these different environments. 
Kent Schofield – Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you for the detail there. 
Operator:  Thank you. Our last question comes from Toa Leone from Merrill Lynch. Your line is open. 
Toa Leone – Merrill Lynch: Hey. Thanks, guys. Just a quick question on the risk of – the risk in launching the products. When Cisco launched or refreshed their switches, all of their switches at the same time, they [inaudible], people bought the upgraded low-end instead of buying the high end. I’ve seen the same thing with similar companies, similar launches. What’s the risk that you see or what are you doing to mitigate the risk that when you launch so many new products together, people downgrade to a lower product, but upgraded? 
John McAdam – President, CEO:  Yeah, and remember, we’ve done this before, Toa. Obviously, I don’t want to sound complacent about the risk because you always have to look at that type of thing. However, our platform is fairly unique in its ability to add more and more services, typically through software modules and we’ve seen from the field, a [inaudible] for the ability to do more software modules at the entry level, more capabilities with DCMP, the [inaudible] multiprocessing where we can build more and more added value to the platforms and that tends to go way far and above the cannibalization effect. We feel pretty confident – when we look at the 4,200 sales we’ve had [inaudible], that’s the way it will go. There’s more – much more [inaudible] in the terms of cannibalization. 
Toa Leone – Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you. 
John Eldridge - Director, IR: All right, thank you very much for joining us and we look forward to talking with you all again in a couple of months from now.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-10-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: John McAdam - President and CEO Andy Reinland - EVP and CFO Karl Triebes - EVP, Product Development and CTO Dan Matte - EVP, Marketing and Business Development Manny Rivelo - EVP, Security and Strategic Solutions John Eldridge - Director, IR
Analysts: Paul Silverstein - Credit Suisse Jeff Kvaal - Barclays Bill Choi - Janney Capital Markets Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank Subu Subrahmanyan - The Juda Group Erik Suppiger - JMP Securities Catharine Trebnick - Northland Securities Eric Ghernati - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer Amitabh Passi - UBS Ryan Hutchinson - Lazard
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the F5 Networks Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2012 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion. Also today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Eldridge: Thank you, Victor. Welcome to all of you to our conference call for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2012. John McAdam, President and CEO; and Andy Reinland, the Executive VP and Chief Financial Officer will be speakers on today's call. Other members of our executive team are also on hand to answer questions following John and Andy's prepared comments. If you have any follow-up questions after the call, please direct them to me at 206-272-6571. If you don't have a copy of today's press release, it's available on our website at f5.com. In addition you can access an archived version of today's live webcast from the Events Calendar page of our website through January 23. From 4:30 PM today until 5 PM Pacific Time on October 25, you can also listen to a telephone replay at 888-568-0394 or 203-369-3916. During today's call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our quarterly release and described in detail on our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. Before we begin the call, I want to remind you that we are holding our 2012 analyst/investor meeting in New York on November 15. If you are planning to attend the meeting and have not registered, we invite you to register online through the link on our IR Events Calendar entry on November 15. I hope you can join us in New York for that event. Now, I'll turn the call over to Andy Reinland.
Andy Reinland: Thank you, John. F5's fiscal 2012 was a year of solid execution in a difficult macroeconomic environment. We were able to achieve 20% revenue growth, maintain world-class operating margins and delivered record earnings and cash flow while developing products and services that set the stage for several years of continued revenue growth. Following discussion of results for the fourth quarter and for fiscal year 2012, we will provide guidance for Q1 2013 and outline our general planning assumptions and expectations for the year. As a reminder, all non-GAAP numbers excludes stock-based compensation expense and amortization of purchased intangible assets. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results is included with our press release. For the fourth quarter of 2012, revenue of 362.6 million was within our guided range of 360 million to 370 million, up 3% from the prior quarter and 15% from the fourth quarter a year ago. Book to bill for the quarter was equal to one. Q4 product revenue of 209.7 million, up 6% from the fourth quarter of last year, represented 58% of revenue. Service revenue of 152.8 million increased 30% year-over-year and accounted for 42% of revenue. Q4 revenue from our core application delivery networking business was 356.8 million and revenue from our ARX file virtualization business was 5.8 million. On a regional basis, the Americas grew 8% year-over-year and represented 56% of revenue. EMEA representing 22% of overall revenue grew 29%. APAC at 15% of revenue grew 31% and Japan 7% of revenue grew 13% from a year ago. By vertical, telco represented 19% of sales during the quarter, technology 17% and financial 20%. Total government was 17% of sales, including 10% from US Federal. During Q4 we had two greater than 10% distributors; Avnet Technologies which accounted for 16.8% of total revenue and Ingram Micro which represented 12.8%. Continuing down the income statement, GAAP gross margin in Q4 was 82.7%, non-GAAP gross margin was 84%. Operating expenses of 188 million were at the low end of our 188 million to 195 million guided range. And non-GAAP operating expenses were 164.6 million. GAAP operating margin was 30.8%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 38.6%. Other income for the quarter was 900,000. The Company's GAAP and non-GAAP net income for the quarter reflect the higher than expected effective tax rate. This resulted from a higher than expected impact of foreign permanent tax differences and a higher blended effective state tax rate which increased our GAAP effective tax rate for the fourth quarter to 39.9%, above our expectation of 35.5%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 37% above our 34% expectation. These higher than anticipated tax rates had an impact of approximately $0.06 to GAAP EPS and $0.05 to non-GAAP EPS. Reflecting the higher tax rate for the quarter, GAAP net income for Q4 was 67.7 million or $0.85 per diluted share below our guided range of $0.90 to $0.93. Non-GAAP net income was 88.7 million or $1.12 per diluted share, also below our guided range of $1.16 to $1.19. Revenue for all fiscal 2012 was 1.38 billion, up 20% from fiscal 2011. GAAP net income for fiscal 2012 was 275.2 million or $3.45 per diluted share. Non-GAAP net income was 348.6 million or $4.37 per diluted share. Turning to the balance sheet, in Q4 we generated 148.6 million in cash flow from operations which contributed to cash and investments totaling 1.19 billion at year end. For all of fiscal 2012, cash flow from operations totaled $495 million. DSO was 46 days. Inventory at the end of the quarter was 17.4 million. Deferred revenue increased 30% year-over-year to 447.3 million. Capital expenditures for the fourth quarter were 11.3 million. During the quarter, we added 125 employees ending the year with approximately 3,030 full-time employees. For the fiscal year, we added 540 employees, an increase of 22%.  In Q4 we repurchased approximately 514,000 shares of our common stock at an average price of $97.29 per share for a total of 50 million. Approximately 180 million remains authorized under the current share repurchase program. Moving on to our guidance for Q1 and our fiscal year '13 outlook. We are weighing a number of factors as we determine guidance for Q1 and assess our growth prospects for fiscal year '13. As we have referenced several times over the year, we do anticipate typical fiscal Q1 seasonality. We also recognize that our short-term visibility continues to be limited by the macroeconomic uncertainty which caused many of our customers to slow or reduce spending in the second half of fiscal 2012, particularly in the case of larger million dollar plus type opportunities. At the same time we are anticipating a very positive reception to the new products and platforms that we will be introducing in fiscal 2013. Throughout the year, we are rolling out a powerful lineup of new hardware platforms, software products and significant performance increases to our virtual products that will drive new and increased growth for F5. We also see momentum building in customer engagements for our diameter signaling products from the Traffix acquisition and believe this will drive material revenue in fiscal year '13. Lastly, we see a very real market share opportunity with the recent announcement from Cisco to cease development of its ACE product line and we are being very aggressive in our efforts to capture this opportunity. In consideration of these factors, for the first quarter of fiscal 2013, we are targeting revenue in the range of 363 million to 370 million. We are forecasting GAAP gross margins to remain in the 83% range, including approximately 3 million of stock-based compensation expense and 1 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. We estimate GAAP operating expense of 193.5 million to 198.5 million, including approximately 25.5 million of stock-based compensation expense. We anticipate a GAAP effective tax rate of 37% for the quarter and a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 34.5%. Our Q1 GAAP earnings target is $0.86 to $0.88 per share. Our non-GAAP earnings target is $1.14 to $1.16 per share. We expect DSO in the mid-to-high 40-day range. We anticipate inventories in the range of 17 million to 19 million. We plan to increase our headcount by approximately 100 employees during the quarter, and we believe we will generate cash flow from operations in excess of 145 million. For fiscal 2013, our general planning assumptions and expectations are as follows. We expect to see sequential revenue growth throughout the year with more robust product growth in the back half of the year, as demand builds related to our forthcoming product refresh and new security and service provider software modules. We anticipate GAAP gross margins consistent with our Q1 guidance of 83%. We are targeting non-GAAP operating margins for the year to be at or around 38% with some seasonal fluctuation as margins will be a bit lower in the first half and stronger in the second half. We expect stock-based compensation expense to approximate Q1 levels until our next annual grant in August. Capital expenditures are expected to be 6 million to 12 million per quarter with some quarter-to-quarter variability related to investments. And consistent with Q1, we expect our effective tax rates to average approximately 37% on a GAAP basis and 34.5% on a non-GAAP basis throughout the year. These tax assumptions do not assume a reinstatement of the R&D tax credit. As John mentioned, we will be holding our analyst/investor meeting at the Roosevelt Hotel in New York on November 15. We look forward to seeing you there. And with that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
John McAdam: Thanks, Andy, and good afternoon everyone. I'll take a few minutes to discuss F5's performance in fiscal 2012, talk in more detail about our Q4 results and then comment on our outlook and the exciting opportunities we see going into fiscal 2013. I was very pleased with the F5 team's performance in fiscal 2012. In spite of a difficult macroeconomic environment, especially in the second half of the year, we achieved year-over-year revenue growth of 20% with world-class non-GAAP operating margins above 38%. We accomplished this while investing significantly in additional headcount, increasing our total net headcount by 540 employees, ending the year with a total of 3,030 employees. We exited fiscal 2012 with a stable balance sheet with almost $1.2 billion in cash and investments and no debt, having purchased 185 million of our common stock during the year. Sales of our VIPRION chassis-based products were particularly strong with year-over-year growth of 107%, driven by strong adoption of the mid-range VIPRION 2400 system, as well as sales of the high-end VIPRION systems into the service provider markets. In addition our overall software sales increased by 38%, driven by a significant increase in software module attach rates and strong growth in sales of the software only versions of our product portfolio. The growth in our software attach rate clearly benefits our business model and is also critical to our market expansion strategy. We have made tremendous progress in expanding our opportunities into key markets, including security, service provider and cloud-based architectures. In security we now have the most comprehensive integrated solution in the industry that includes our application firewall, ASM and a remote access solution, APM. Software revenue from our security modules was approximately $55 million last year, up 90% from the previous year. This is software only revenue and doesn't include the service revenue, the associated BIG-IP of VIPRION hardware, incremental ADC revenue or any of the revenue from the datacenter firewall solution. In the service provider market, our ability to deliver intelligent policy enforcement, at world class performance levels continues to be a key capability for managing the challenge of ever expanding increase in mobile data. Our high-end VIPRION platform combined with the application fluency of TMOS and the flexibility of features like iRules gives service providers a unique opportunity to build value-added services. We also made good progress with sales of carrier grade NAT, firewall, IPv6 and traffic steering solutions. I'm also very pleased with the progress we are making with the acquisition of Traffix Systems that was completed mid fiscal 2012. The Traffix team is world class and we are proud to have them as part of the F5 family. As I mentioned last quarter, we believe the opportunity with the Traffix Diameter-based solutions will prove to be both significant and strategic to our overall service provider business. The Traffix pipeline has been growing nicely as service provider roll out their LTE architects and adopt Diameter as a standard signaling protocol. I'll talk more about this when I discuss our fiscal 2013 opportunities. Our services business delivered strong performance consistently throughout fiscal 2012 and continued to be a significant profit and revenue growth contributor, while maintaining customer satisfaction at world-class levels. The attach rate of service to product sales continues to improve and we want to again experience excellent renewal rates. We also continue to grow our consulting business which increases customer satisfaction and drives additional product revenues. As far as Q4 is concerned, I'm very pleased with our results. We delivered 15% year-over-year growth in spite of a cautious spending environment. From a geographic perspective, both EMEA and our Asia-Pacific regions had solid sales bookings growth. In North America we saw reasonable sales growth for orders up to $1 million in size, but a drop-off in sales orders above $1 million, as customers postponed large purchases or reduced to size of the purchase order. Overall, our Q4 financial performance was very strong. Quarterly cash – free cash flow was over $137 million, a record for the Company and the non-GAAP operating margins remained solid at 38.6%. Our services business completed the year with another strong quarter and a very healthy deferred revenue balance moving into fiscal 2013. As far as the outlook is concerned, it's appropriate to be cautious given the very conservative spending environment we saw in the second half of fiscal 2012. Having said that, we believe we have a number of exciting opportunities coming in fiscal 2013 to drive revenue growth and we plan to continue to invest in our business to take advantage of those opportunities. We increased our sales force in 2012 by approximately 20% and we expect to see the benefits of this investment throughout the year. We have a clear and growing leadership position in the ADC market. Our goal is to continue expanding our addressable markets and further increase our market share by developing a broad array of integrated solutions running on industry-leading platforms. During the next two quarters, we will be delivering our largest appliance refresh in four years. Our next release of TMOS includes a number of new security and service provider offerings as well as products to enable cloud architectures. For example, we will be releasing the industry's first application delivery firewall, ADF, that integrates Level 3 to Level 7 security including [the] [ph] loss prevention and unique application fluency to prevent sophisticated application attacks. ADF provides performance metrics clearly superior to those offered by our competitors. We will also be delivering the industry's broadest range of hypervisor support of world-class performance levels. For the service provider market, we will be delivering additional carrier grade NAT functionality and a new software module, as well as a policy enforcement module with DPI classification technology. Additionally we expect to release a new eight-slot version of our VIPRION that will leverage the PB 300 blades released last quarter and effectively double the unmatched performance of VIPRION 4480, our current high-end platform. As I mentioned earlier, we also expect to benefit from the rollout of LTE infrastructures with our Traffix Systems signaling delivery controller and diameter solutions. The pipeline for these products is building steadily and we're seeing a fairly large uptake in RFP and proof-of-concept request. F5 has the opportunity to be a leader in this area which will not only provide growth opportunities over the next three years, but should also significantly enhance our position as a strategic supplier to global service providers. We will review our product roadmap deliverables as well as our market initiatives in more detail at the analyst and investor meeting in November. Andy provided a projected revenue range as well as some of the high-level expectations for fiscal 2013. As I mentioned several times over the last couple of years, we expect to see some seasonality in our business during Q1. The first quarter seasonality, which is normal in the technology market and in line with our peers, is reflected in our guidance. Acceleration of product revenue growth is the major financial goal for fiscal 2013. I remain very optimistic of the future of F5 as we enter fiscal 2013. We enjoy a very strong competitive position and I believe our fiscal 2013 product deliverables are the most comprehensive we have seen in several years. I'd like to take this opportunity to thank the entire F5 team and partners for the tremendous efforts last year and I look forward to the continued support in fiscal 2013. And with that, we'll now hand the call over for Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Paul Silverstein with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Paul Silverstein - Credit Suisse: Yeah, I'm looking at the numbers. It looks like you had a huge US Federal, up over 70%, but you’re down in financials vertical over 10% and telecom was also down over 10% sequentially. I'm trying to tie this together with the geographic comments. It looks like you had a good quarter everywhere, but in the Americas based on the numbers. Is this a function specifically of financials, large deals, in your commentary weakening? And how much of this – I know the numbers are still small with respect to virtual additions, but in your commentary you noted that there was a big spike off albeit off a small base, but is that starting to have an impact on the revenues?
John McAdam: Yeah, first of all, I don't think the virtualizations are having any significant impact whatsoever. The numbers of all are great in terms of percentage growth. They're obviously pretty small in total. So I don't think that's an issue. Now we spent a lot of time on this after the quarter and frankly during the quarter, but we're pretty convinced when we look at the spending part of the large Fortune 500 companies generally, obviously finances or the whole chunk of them was in the Fortune 500, but generally there is definitely a cautious spending environment. And as I said when I was doing my introduction, the spending part is actually pretty reasonable if you compare 200k to 500k, 500k to a $1 million year-over-year. However, and this is mainly in North America because this is where most of our large bills tend to come from, when you get to the $1 million plus bill, we definitely seen a – saw a slowing there, and I should say, in the quarter and generally in the second half.
Paul Silverstein - Credit Suisse: John, was that specific to any of those big deals or most of those concentrated in the financial vertical or was it really spread more broadly across your base? And I also got a question about the linearity of the quarter, if you could give us any insight on that?
John McAdam: Okay. No, they weren't really concentrated that much in financials, there are examples of that, but not so much. Service provider definitely was lower, I mean at 19%. That's really towards the low end where we saw some slowness there, but not specifically in financials.
Andy Reinland: And then to linearity, Paul, really what we saw is what we've seen over the last two quarters where a little above 50%, we normally follow the 50 first two months, 50 third month. The last three quarters have been a couple of points higher than that, but consistent over the last three quarters.
Paul Silverstein - Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Kvaal with Barclays. Your line is open.
Jeff Kvaal - Barclays: Yes, gentlemen, thanks very much. I have a couple of questions. I think number one, the verticals that you were discussing were both lumpy up and lumpy down, depending on the vertical. How sustainable do you think the federal strength is into the fourth quarter? And then similarly should we be expecting the telco vertical to be recovering? And then Andy, for you in particular, I think in the past you've talked about the March quarter being a possible exception to the sequential growth for the year. Can we confirm that you are not making that exception this year?
John McAdam: In terms of the verticals, first of all, I guess this is pretty obvious, but the US Federal we definitely expect to be down sequentially from the year-end, which is extremely normal. But we feel very good about the team and the job they did and the relative year-over-year performance that we would expect to see throughout the year. So that's one thing. The second question was…
Andy Reinland: Was based on the sequential revenue growth…?
Jeff Kvaal - Barclays Capital: Yes, but John before you leave the verticals, how about telco?
John McAdam: Yeah, we're actually assuming a relatively slow telco for the first – for next quarter. That could possibly bleed into the March quarter as well, but we're not talking about that yet, but definitely if we look forward to the gains that we've given, we aren’t expecting a strong service provider in Q1.
Andy Reinland: And then to the sequential revenue growth, you're absolutely right. If we look back over time in particular going back three, four, five years, March probably has been our most difficult quarter just based on seasonality and that's led by North America. What we've highlighted over the last couple of years is that we've really seen as we've grown to $1 billion and beyond that we've seen definite seasonality in our December quarter which is our Q1. And so as we look at the layout over the year, and we highlighted and you see it in our guidance our view on Q1 and we think off of that comparison we can grow in March now. But we're also highlighting that we think from a product basis, it will be stronger in the second half of the year versus the first half.
John McAdam: Yeah, the other point about that is that – the really big deal for us I think is going to be the release of [SOL] [ph] with the functionality we talked about as well as the product refresh. We are absolutely – and we'll talk more about this in the Analyst Day that's coming up, but we are clearly pushing very hard to get them available by the end of this calendar year. So if we achieve that, then I would expect to see some reasonably quick growth coming from that refresh which would obviously hit the March quarter.
Jeff Kvaal - Barclays Capital: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Choi with Janney Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Bill Choi - Janney Capital Markets: Thanks. A couple of questions on the products. First, what was ARX contribution in the quarter? And also when I think about big deals, I immediately think VIPRION 4400, but your commentary seems to indicate strength also on the 4400. So can you talk about what the larger products in your portfolio are doing and are they still getting a digital module attach rate, more the chassis deployment issues? Thanks.
John McAdam: Yeah, just on the last part there – remember that was a year-over-year number in terms of VIPRION sales. However, they've been pretty solid quarterly right throughout the year. And one of the characteristics we've definitely seen is our higher rate of module attach rate which obviously drives the size of the system sale as well. The 2400 has just been strong from announcement, but the products above that, the VIPRION products above that have also been strong again with the attach rate. Service provider obviously was a bit weaker last quarter but that is definitely the main area that we sell the high-end VIPRION and I think that's going to continue.
Andy Reinland: And then to the ARX question, its contribution to revenue was 5.8 million for the quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Modoff with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank: Yeah, guys, a question around the product side. If you look at your guidance at the high end of the range of 370, assuming 30% year-on-year services growth which is what you've been doing here recently, implies about 5% product growth year-on-year. Can you talk about that and also how you see product sales doing through the year? You talked earlier about seeing product growth and if you can quantify that a little bit in terms of what you're thinking, are you talking about, something closer to your traditional kind of 50% to 20% range or something below that?
John McAdam: Yeah, but I'm not going to quantify it, Brian, but just to give you an answer. So first of all, remember we're talking about the refresh coming towards the end of the calendar year, that's the target. That clearly won't have a major impact on the first quarter. So that's one thing. Secondly, don't forget the seasonality issue. We don't want to be the only company out there that doesn't have seasonality. I wish we were, but we're not - we have seasonality in Q1, so that's taken into account. I feel personally very strongly that the product refresh that the DPI functionality that what we're doing with the ADF, the application delivery firewall, is going to drive product revenue. But given this environment we're in, we're not going to throw numbers out there. We're going to play a quarter a time at the moment.
Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Can you talk a little bit about VIPRION then, just give us an idea what that did in the quarter? Was it down sequentially along with telco and the [telco piece] [ph]?
Andy Reinland: We don't break out the mix when we talk about the results. I think we would say as we look at our high end generally over our low end, we saw it pretty consistent.
John McAdam: I mean the very fact that we talked about the VIPRION products over the year have been over 100% growth, the very fact we talked about the VIPRION 2400 being hot, that means there are some issues there that we need to fix at the appliance range, from a competitor perspective. And that's what the whole appliance refresh is all about. So we feel really good about our VIPRION trends and the way they're going to continue.
Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Subu Subrahmanyan with The Juda Group. Your line is open.
Subu Subrahmanyan - The Juda Group: Thank you. Could you talk a little bit about the opportunity with Cisco discontinuing their ACE development, how you are factoring that into your thought process in the first quarter and through the year? And John you mentioned some security module sales numbers. Could you (inaudible) what those numbers were?
John McAdam: Okay. On the issue with Cisco in terms of their (inaudible) in the market, I think it will be very significant for us. And by the way I'm not alone in the room here, everybody feels that. We did a North America quarterly business review on Monday where we get to see the key management there and they're very excited about it. Let me pass it over to Dan. He can maybe give you some more details about – we are in a prime position here because a lot of these accounts tend to be larger accounts, they want to have a company that's very focused in this market with a great balance sheet and all that good stuff and that's really us. So I think you're going to hear us talking very, very favorably of that opportunity during the year.
Dan Matte: Subu, this is Dan. So we're pursuing that very aggressively out in the field all around me, going to all regions. We've already seen a number of face-to-face meetings take place. We've had just lots of interest around it. Cisco is doing roughly 200 million of run rate per year in ACE sales and plus they have a pretty significant installed base over the years starting with LocalDirector and all the products that they've had over time. So we've got some great incentives for customers and partners. So we have our channel involved in this as well. And then also I think in the short term, it's important to know that the activities that Cisco has going together are purely of a reference in nature, so there's always challenges with the sales force alignment and compensation and how incented will those people be. So our challenge with Cisco over time has been getting invited to the party and if we do get invited, we do very, very well. And clearly there were people that were at the party and are asking us to participate. So we're as John said, very bullish on it.
John McAdam: Let me add one more other thing about this I think it's exciting for us as an opportunity, this isn't just about replacing that base, it's not just about that. This is about giving us a very significant opportunity to get into more Fortune 500 accounts and sell much more than the current base we've got because what we'll be replacing here is mostly load balancing type applications. We will then work with our other value-added stuff that we've got in TMOS; security, optimization in the software module. So I think it's a much bigger opportunity than just replacing that base. And as I say, I think you'll hear us talk into that in quarterly calls for this year.
Subu Subrahmanyan - The Juda Group: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erik Suppiger with JMP Securities. Your line is open.
Erik Suppiger - JMP Securities: Just on the Cisco front, what is assumed in your outlook as you – in your guidance for the December quarter, are you assuming that you're closing much Cisco business or what kind of sales cycle is there associated with that?
John McAdam: Yeah, we do have opportunities in the pipeline already because of this opportunity. Some of these opportunities are close to commit range, but I wouldn't say it's markedly incremental in terms of what we are assuming for the guidance. As part of our normal way, we look at what's in the pipeline? What's the fact of the pipeline? And then there are some deals that are related to Cisco or not, are they all in that, I'm sure we'll know, because it's just happened, it's just happened. So I wouldn't think about it too much in relation to our guidance. It's not been that significant.
Erik Suppiger - JMP Securities: And how are you responding to Cisco with partnering with Citrix once they develop some integration with Cisco at their service products, how do you envision that you'll be able to address that?
John McAdam: Well, I don't think the integration of the products are doing, I think that's more in that definite space. We're going to use a tried and tested technique here in terms of competing with both Cisco and Citrix with win rates in their high 80s, low 90s which is better product, more focused, great customer satisfaction, best performance, most functionality, I feel pretty good about that.
Andy Reinland: Strong partnerships.
John McAdam: Strong partnerships.
Erik Suppiger - JMP Securities: Okay. Just a quick question then. Andrew, what did you say the gross margin guidance was for the – non-GAAP guidance was for fiscal '13?
Andy Reinland: Well, we said that GAAP was 83%. We didn't give non-GAAP but I think it will be consistent with, probably close to 84%.
Erik Suppiger - JMP Securities: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Catharine Trebnick with Northland Securities. Your line is open.
Catharine Trebnick - Northland Securities: Thank you for taking my question. Could you say how many of the VIPRIONs that are installed have an attachment rate to virtualization? Is there any way we can tie some of that virtualization growth to your growth going forward?
Karl Triebes: This is Karl, Catharine. With the VIPRIONs, what's very popular is attaching vCMP which is virtualization for those platforms and that's been very popular. We have some very big customers, especially like in commerce and other areas, they are leveraging vCMP. So that's definitely – then of a really high trajectory with the platforms.
John McAdam: The other module that has been very significant with VIPRION has been ASM and APM security modules.
Catharine Trebnick - Northland Securities: Got it. And then one quick thing on Traffix and the release, are you planning to release this next version on TMOS in Q4? Did I miss that earlier in the call or you didn't say?
Karl Triebes: We didn't say but our plan is to release at the end of this quarter and then it will start rolling out in the field going into next quarter.
Catharine Trebnick - Northland Securities: And have you had any betas yet for the new DPI technology?
Karl Triebes: Yeah, we've been in beta for some time with all major features that are coming out…
John McAdam: Yeah, whenever we come out with our significant release like this, beta is obviously one of the critical parts. So that's been going on for quite a while.
Catharine Trebnick - Northland Securities: All right. Thank you, gentlemen.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tal Liani with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Eric Ghernati - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Hi, this is Eric Ghernati for Tal. Sorry, this question has been asked a couple of times in different ways but I kind of want to clarify it a little bit. So assuming the refresh cycle, there's no refresh in the March quarter, do you – is there a reason to think that your product revenue would increase on a sequential basis or reverse the sequentially downtrend in Q1?
John McAdam: Well, first of all, I think I heard you saying we won’t expect a refresh of the products in the March quarter?
Eric Ghernati - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: That's right, and I know late in the calendar year going into the March quarter?
John McAdam: Yeah. So in other words, if we complete a goal of having these products available at the end of this calendar year, we would absolutely expect that refresh to have an impact in the March quarter, absolutely.
Eric Ghernati - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, that's helpful. The other question that I had for you is with respect to – if that's the case, then given that the seasonality that's across some of our verticals like government and telcos and financials, all of which are typically down on a sequential basis, where do you think the impacts would be most pronounced? Is it technology and others or…?
Andy Reinland: Yeah, I think it will be pretty broad based. I mean as we come out with this - the previous question was around DPI, obviously that's focused on the telco. I think with the new hardware platforms we're coming out with, that's going to give us great opportunity in more entry level, which will be more international geographies. I think it will be very broad based.
Eric Ghernati - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: So you think this could be even benefit telco in the seasonally slow Q1 – sorry, Q2?
John McAdam: Well, the one area that I see – we'll see on that. We have a fairly conservative view of telco for the December quarter and frankly we'll need to take a view as we move into January and we'll give you updates on that as to where we think that's going to be.
Eric Ghernati - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. One last question for me, the disclosure around the security software revenue, 55 million up 98% year-over-year, clearly a lot of that is incremental to your business. I'm sure you're going to hesitate put a firm number around it, but how should we think about the growth outlook for this particular piece of the business going into 2013?
John McAdam: Again, we wouldn't give you a specific. We will talk about it in more detail about security in November. We will do that. We thought it'd be a good idea actually to put some information on it and we're talking about ASM and APM security modules specifically and they obviously had a 90% growth. So we're not going to give you a specific, however do we think it’s going to be a good growth driver? Absolutely. We don't see that momentum – we think that momentum will continue.
Eric Ghernati - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Can this – sorry, can the incremental – do you think the incremental sales from this product or revenue can get you close to your 2010 growth target that you already have?
John McAdam: Yeah, well, we're not commenting on that as we move into this year given the cautious environment we've been seeing. So we're going to do that quarter at a time.
Eric Ghernati - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ittai Kidron with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer: Thank you. Guys, I wanted to talk about two things. First of all the security for the first time I think you've quantified $55 million and Andy correct me if I'm wrong, this is just ASM, APM just the module, not any service revenue attached to that. Am I correct?
Andy Reinland: Yes, exactly. Not only not service revenue but as John – yes, service revenue as John highlighted, but also nothing for our new application firewall, nothing on the hardware that's been driven. Those are just module sales.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer: Very good. And is the margin on this business in the upper 90s, is that the right way to think about this?
Andy Reinland: For the modules?
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer: Yes.
Andy Reinland: It's pure software, so it's software margins.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer: Software margins, okay. And regarding your telco business, it's been down now for three quarters in a row if I'm not mistaken and it sounds like from your commentary – I'm sorry, just two quarters in a row but quite substantially in each of those two quarters and it sounds like you're preparing for another down quarter in the December quarter. I'm having a hard time understanding why would that be the case, why is that business deteriorating so fast?
John McAdam: I don't think there's any sinister or any trend there. It's pure project oriented where we see the project, we see the rollout, the dates and that unfortunately gives you some lumpiness and I think you're going to see that next year as well.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer: Well, could it be then that your win rates within this vertical is deteriorating, how do you gauge your presence there?
John McAdam: Definitely not, that's not the case. Because of most of the telco deals that we're talking about, they have a significant effect in the quarter because most of them are VIPRIONs, we don't have any competition with VIPRIONs when we're doing this.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer: Okay. And regarding the transition into the March quarter of 2013, so clearly by the end of this calendar year, I would assume, or around your Investor Day, you're going to announce many of these new products that you're talking about through the call and I'm trying to get an understanding whether you think there is the possibility that that creates a pause in demand from you customers? Number one. And number two – and maybe that's one of the reasons your large deal flow has somewhat slowed or being delayed or not closing as quickly. And second – John, when you talk to customers, how much of a concern is there from the elections and the potential fiscal cliff in February? Could it be that this delay in business could last through actually the March timeframe? Why isn't that more of a logical assumption?
John McAdam: Well, that's an economy question and frankly will depend on the economy. I don't think it's impossible, but we'll see. I do think by the way that a lot of uncertainty when we talk about macro, we are including the election and other, but certainly when we talk to customers, we are hearing a degree of entrenchment, there's no question about that. When that was in a really bad scenario in 2009 we only saw that for a couple of quarters and then of course we saw pretty massive suppressed demand. But I really think that the tailwinds we've got going for us puts us in a really good relative position.  In terms of are people waiting for the product, we have no significant anecdotal information on that at all. I mentioned (inaudible) we met with our sales force, we didn't hear that. I'm not saying it's impossible, there are probably some examples, but I don't think that's going to be a material effect on the actual quarter.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer: Very good. Good luck, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Amitabh Passi with UBS. Your line is open.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Thank you. I just had a couple of questions. The first one, I think you characterized your expectations of revenues from Traffix being material in the next fiscal year. I was just wondering if you could help us just maybe bracket how you define materiality. Would it be at least 10% of your sales? And then I had a follow-up.
Andy Reinland: Yeah, we don't break it out like that. But material test mean it's going to have an impact on the top line numbers that allows us to increase investment and increase marketing efforts to expand that footprint. We're really looking at it now as an opportunity to grab footprint in that space and it's about getting out there and winning those fields. So that's our approach.
Karl Triebes: We also think by virtue of having that diameter footprint in data center, it really helps enable us with our DPI solution because that requires a tie-in directly to the diameter interface. And our upcoming release were a full diameter proxy which is built right into BIG-IP. So what it means now is we occupy this footprint, where we can do traffic steering, apply our intelligence to the traffic that's going through the carrier data centers, but also being able to communicate with other parts of it to our diameter routing.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Got it. And then just as a follow-up, John, I think a lot of people asked you about Cisco ACE. I wanted to ask you a slightly different question. You've been integrating security in your appliances, we're now seeing some of the security vendors, whether that be Juniper or Citrix trying to move towards integrating – at Palo Alto are trying to move towards integrating load balancing functionality. I'm just curious, how do you kind of – what do you make of some of these gyrations in the marketplace? Are you seeing any impact yet or do you think it will be a while before any of the security vendors have any success integrating load balancers?
John McAdam: Yeah, I think that's going to be a long time. And frankly and this is what the load balancer can be so generic in meaning, what we have, remember, is a session-based full proxy that basically just doesn't do packet load balancing and so we can do it at incredible speeds and we have the applications fluency associated with that, so we don't see that. One of the things I said when I did my introduction was I mentioned application delivery firewall is going to have performance above the competitors. We are talking about very significant performance and I think that and the functionality of an application fluency in areas like that, but in fact (price) [ph] performance is going to be a major advantage for us.
Manny Rivelo: Amit, this is Manny. Let me just add something to it. And John highlighted here we have this whole proxy capability into our devices. When we orchestrated our technology whether it be hardware or software, it has a layer seven-full proxy which allows us to move through the protocol stack and add additional services in one pass-through router device of a session layer. That is significantly different than taking a traditional firewall and trying to apply layer seven intelligence to it. Putting a load balancer inside a firewall is a complicated issue. You always have to have the right platform from the foundation and what we've done is, we've built the right platform starting with some availability services and we've put security services in it, so we think we have a leadership position. The data will prove that out when we announce it later this year. And I think we're seeing some performance characteristics that are just – order to magnitude greater than anything in the market.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Thank you, guys. Appreciate it.
John Eldridge: Hey, Victor.
Operator: Yes, sir.
John Eldridge: We're going to take one more question and then we'll terminate the call.
Operator: Absolutely sir. Our next question comes from Ryan Hutchinson with Lazard. Your line is open.
Ryan Hutchinson - Lazard: Great, thanks. A clarification and then maybe a question for Karl. The clarification maybe just some color around the fourth quarter contribution from security. I obviously appreciate the insight, helps us look at the core business as well. And then the question is more on SDN, given there's been a lot of investor debate, there's obviously a potential for an architectural shift here to occur whereby you could write applications to a controller who's going to serve the same function that some of the physical appliances are playing in the network. Some argue that it could even go as far as load balancers, firewalls as we look out over five years. So one, Karl, I'd like to get your insight into, if you think that's even remotely possible? And two, if it is, how do you guys participate? Thanks.
Karl Triebes: That's a big question. We're going to spend a lot of time on this at the Investor Day. We're absolutely – we have SDN in the roadmap and we're doing a number of things with our partners to support that, but we'll get into a lot more detail in a couple weeks here on exactly what we're going to do.
John McAdam: On the security, Ryan, obviously we don't talk security numbers in the quarter; we're going to talk a lot about it in November. We mentioned the growth rate on the modules of ASM and APM, for example, and how significant that was and we expect that to continue. Still we didn't talk about the data center firewalls and we won projects in that as well, so I can't give you numbers here but it's pretty damn significant on a quarterly basis.
Manny Rivelo: Ryan, this is Manny. Let me just add one additional comment on SDN just so that you're aware and like Karl said, won't go in great detail but the one great thing about our platform is our platform has already a separation of data plane and control plane. Consequently it's very well suited to play in the SDN environment. And what you'll see is as we enhance to support the SDN protocols whether it'd be VXLAN, NVGRE, and our and our open (flow) we’ll stick in those SDN installations, if you will, and be able to provide services. So customers who are used to traditional F5 services will be able to carry those services forward in a hybrid environment and we’ll go through it in a lot of detail.
Ryan Hutchinson - Lazard: All right. Thanks.
John Eldridge: Okay. Thank you all for joining us today and we hope to see you in New York at the Roosevelt Hotel on November 15. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-07-19 16:30:00) =====
Executives: John Eldridge - Director, IR Andy Reinland - EVP & CFO John McAdam - President, CEO & Director Dave Feringa - EVP, Worldwide Sales Karl Triebes - EVP, Product Development and CTO Dan Matte - EVP, Marketing and Business Development
Analysts: Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley  Jess Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities Subu Subrahmanyan - The Juda Group Sanjiv Wadhwani - Stifel Nicolaus  Paul Mansky - Cantor Fitzgerald Jayson Noland - Robert Baird Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Catharine Trebnick - Northland Securities Simon Leopold - Raymond James Brian White - Topeka Capital Markets Kent Schofield - Goldman Sachs Ryan Hutchinson - Lazard Capital Markets
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the F5 third quarter financial results conference call. At this time all parties will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion. Also today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections please disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Eldridge: Thanks Victor. Welcome all of you to our conference call for the third quarter of fiscal 2012. Speakers on today's call are John McAdam, President and CEO; Andy Reinland, Executive VP and Chief Financial Officer. Other members of our executive team are also with us to answer questions following our prepared comments. If you have questions following today's call please direct them to me 206-272-6571. If you don't have a copy of today's press release it's available on our website at f5.com. In addition you can access an archived version of today's live webcast from the Investor Relations Events Calendar page of our website through October 24. From 4:30 PM today until midnight Pacific Time July 19, you can also listen to the telephone replay at 866-454-9170 or 203-369-1254. During today's call our discussion will contain forward-looking statements which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our quarterly release described in detail on our SEC filings. Before we begin, I want to remind you that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Andy Reinland.
Andy Reinland: Thank you, John. In the third quarter of fiscal 2012, F5 achieved solid sequential and year-over-year growth in what proved to be a challenging macro environment. Revenue of $352.6 million grew 4% from the prior quarter and 21% from the third quarter of last year and was within our guided range of $350 million to $355 million. GAAP EPS of $0.91 per diluted share was above our guidance of $0.88 to $0.90 per diluted share. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.14 per diluted share was at the high end of our $1.12 to $1.14 guided range. Product revenue of $207.1 million grew 15% year-over-year and represented 59% of total revenue. Service revenue of $145.5 million grew 31% year-over-year and accounted for 41% of total revenue. Book-to-bill for the quarter was less than one. During Q3, our core Application Delivery Networking business accounted for $346.3 million and revenue from our ARX File Virtualization business was $6.3 million. From a geographic perspective all theatres generated sequential and year-over-year revenue growth. At 57% of total, the Americas grew 22% year-over-year, EMEA accounted for 21% of revenue, an increase of 27% versus Q3 of 2011. APAC represented 15% of the revenue mix with 17% growth year-over-year and Japan was 7% of revenue, up 9% over a strong Q3 of 2011. Looking at our key verticals, Telco accounted for 22% of sales. Sales in to the finance vertical represented 23% of total. Our US federal business equaled 6% of sales with total government at 12% and technology accounted for 16% of total sales. In Q3, we had two greater than 10% distributors, Avnet, which represented 17.3% of total revenue and Ingram Micro, which accounted for 14.8%. Our GAAP gross margin in Q3 was 82.9%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 84.2%. GAAP operating expenses of $182.3 million were within our guided range of $180.5 to $184.5 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $161.3 million. GAAP operating margin was 31.2%. Non-GAAP operating margin was 38.4%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for Q3 was 35.2% and our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 34%. Turning to the balance sheet. In Q3, we continued to strengthen our financial position. Cash flow from operations was $113.4 million contributing to total cash and investments of $1.1 billion at quarter end. Free cash flow for the quarter was $107.7 million. DSO at the end of Q3 was 49 days. Inventories were $17 million. Deferred revenue increased 5% sequentially to $433.9 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $5.7 million and depreciation and amortization expense was $10.1 million. We ended the quarter with approximately 2,905 employees, an increase of 100 from the prior quarter. During Q3, we repurchased approximately 425,000 shares of our common stock at an average price of $117.59 per share for a total of $50 million. Approximately $231 million remains authorized under the current share repurchase program. Looking ahead to Q4, we continue to see the key drivers of our business including mobile traffic growth, data center consolidation, growth in virtual environments and security concerns trending in our favor. We see solid growth in our software sales and we see strong momentum with our security products. We also have an exciting product roadmap that positions us to take advantage of an expanding addressable market. As a result, we continue to believe our prospects for long-term growth remain strong. That said, the context of a weak global economy lead us to be more cautious in our near-term outlook. With this in mind, our guidance for the current quarter is as follows. Our revenue target for Q4 is $360 million to $370 million. We expect GAAP gross margin to remain strong in the 83% range including approximately $3 million of stock-based compensation expense and $1.5 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. We anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of $188 million to $195 million including approximately $24 million of stock-based compensation expense and $200,000 in amortization of purchased intangible assets. Our GAAP EPS target is $0.90 to $0.93 per diluted share and our non-GAAP EPS target is $1.16 to $1.19 per diluted share. We are forecasting a GAAP effective tax rate of 35.5% and a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 34%. We plan to increase our headcount by approximately 125 employees in the current quarter. We estimate our DSO will be in the upper-40 day range. We expect inventory levels within a range of $17 million to $19 million and we believe our cash flow from operations will be in excess of $135 million. With that I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
John McAdam: Thanks, Andy and good afternoon everyone. I was very pleased with our Q3 performance. In a difficult macro environment, we delivered solid year-over-year revenue growth of 21% and world class non-GAAP operating margins above [30]% and continued to strengthen our balance sheet with strong cash generation. Our major sales region, each major sales region produced double-digit sales bookings growth. Our services business had another stellar quarter exceeding both revenue and profit goals as well as posting a very significant increase in the Fed revenue. Sales of our VIPRION chassis-based products were very strong with sales bookings of VIPRION up over 82% from last year. Software module sales during the quarter were also very strong and the percentage of tax rate for our software sales reached a record high in Q3 driven by rapidly accelerating sales of our security software products. Sales of our data center firewall solution grew sequentially over last quarter and we expect that momentum to continue into next year. Our security solution portfolio now includes the most comprehensive application firewall solution in the market, the highest performing datacenter firewall solution for protecting large scale web-based applications and industry-leading access and policy management solutions. I believe that F5 continues to be well positioned to capitalize on major market trends. Our platforms deliver an array of intelligence services for enterprises, service providers and clouds. Our customers use F5 technology at strategic points of control to consolidate functions on our platforms and to design and deploy our dynamic networks to efficiently deal with the ever increasing challenges presented by the growth in video traffic, evolving and more sophisticated security threats and adoption of mobile devices. Our product roadmap contains several growth drivers including a comprehensive product refresh of all our appliances which will deliver a very significant price performance advantage to our customers. In addition, performance of our virtual additions for all high provider platforms will be tripled. We also are building an eight floor VIPRION chassis solution which will leverage the centaur blades released in Q3 and set a new buyer for layers four to seven performance, so ADC functions including security and optimization.  The next major release of TMOS contains significant software deliverables including DPI, DPAC Inspection functionality for the service provider market as well as a market leading layer three to layer seven firewall solution. This integrated firewall will be a module available across all F5 platforms allowing customers to consolidate the current firewall infrastructure while provided unprecedented performance and slight stability by allowing security policies to be applied at the network and the application levels.  The DPI functionality will be another strategic offering for the service provider market. We now have a broad portfolio of solutions for the service provider market including our recently acquired diameter signaling product for the management of 4G LTE and IMS network, our carrier grade NAT and IPv 6 capability and the speeding functionality derived from a sophisticated iRules running on TMOS.  We will also introduce significant updates to our virtualizations and management products which will make it easier for customers to adopt hybrid cloud architectures and optimize the delivery of web based applications. We continue to focus on delivering to our customers as many application layer decisions per second as possible and using that knowledge to drive orchestration applications both real and virtual within and across data centers.  We believe this capability generate significant value and benefits to our customers and clearly differentiate our technology from that of our competitors. Many companies in this market talk about performance just from a throughput perspective or intelligence at the application there. F5 not only provides the highest bandwidth, but also is the only ADC vendor to deliver application intelligence at network speeds and beyond. As traffic and applications continue to become more web centric, I believe the market is rapidly moving towards F5 sweet spot. Our world class connection and transaction processing capabilities combined with high speed pattern matching and purpose built hardware enable F5 to deliver advanced solutions for optimization, security and application delivery for many years to come. As far as the outlook is concerned Andy indicated we expect to see sequential growth this quarter. There is no doubt that we experienced a cautious spending environment last quarter and we expect that caution to continue into this quarter. Even with these economic headwinds, I remain very confident about the future prospects for F5. Our technology leadership is as strong as it has ever been under our product roadmap will extend that leadership. We will continue to invest in hiring world class people to take advantage of the growth opportunities in our core ADC market and to enable us to further exploit new expanding market opportunities in the employee based architectures to security market and the service provider market. I would like to take this opportunity to thank the entire F5 team and their partners and look forward to the continued support throughout the year. We will now hand the call over for Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from Ehud Gelblum from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley : A couple of questions. Can you, with the new versions of TMOS coming out now, do you anticipate any new hardware platforms coming out as well. Do you anticipate the new hardware platforms to gain more share than otherwise would have or see some sort of an upgrade across the product portfolio because it would be necessary to get the EPI working and then some of the other features in the new versions of TMOS or is it more of a minor upgrade on TMOS?
John McAdam:  This is John and maybe Karl could speak up to me, but this is very significant in my opinion. In two fronts, first of all, the actual, we are doing appliances refresh. That’s a number of significant new products and we are going to see performance increases in those appliances to the tune of about that five times the current performance of the existing systems.  So we expect that to definitely create some good growth refresh opportunities and market share with that. We very, very doubted it in doing that. And then, along with that, we’re also coming out with a new version of TMOS that’s got a software functionality with things like the firewall through layer three to layer seven firewall product so the things are going to be very, very competitive along with functionality for the SP provider like DPI. So we really believe they are revenue generating type capabilities.
Karl Triebes:  Yeah, we start looking, by the way this is Karl, if we start looking at some of the functionality and the impact with DPI, we have a whole new classification engine that’s been built up into the core of TMOS. So that’s a very significant change and that we’ve done a lot of other under the hood changes in TMOS, spot other requirements in the search for other markets such as very specific targeted iRules, we have done some other work there with productizing some of the carrier grade NAT features, a lot of focus on IPv 6 and carrying that forwards. So there is a lot of work has been done there. And obviously on the security, a lot of the development that has been there has been extending essentially what's been done in the past are really productizing things and adding capabilities around the rules and Having a new rule saying which in other things that can be applied not only at the network layer but at the application layer as well and having these things all tied together cleanly in a management framework. So it is a very complete, a very big upgrade to what we had previously.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley : As a follow-up the verticals seemed to move around a little bit obviously Telco and Tech were down some, is some of the trepidation going to next quarter obviously it is on a big macro basis but can we, it is accurate to say that you are more obviously worried but more concerned about some of those verticals like Telco and Tech that came down I know you except Telco to come down with very strong last quarter but does it look as though those will stay weak going to next quarter is that one of the main drivers behind the despite the more conservative guidance?
John McAdam: No I would say its more overall macro has been specifically in the verticals. I mean typically our verticals move around depending on project and we don’t see any significant deterioration and any of the verticals obviously technology has been doing somewhat for they have been quite often you know instead of having layer seven type capabilities and made it done some of them do their own work but that's been a pretty slow process so nothing really changing in the verticals.
Operator: And then our next question comes from Jess Lubert with Wells Fargo Securities your line is open.
Jess Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities: Question and a clarification, for the question can you talk about some of the demand trends you experienced in Europe it actually looks like the business performed fairly well from the sequential one in year-over-year perspective, would like to get some additional details regarding where you saw the strength? Where you saw the weakness in the region and how you are thinking about your guidance for the September quarter and then for the clarification I was hoping you could discuss how much revenue you received from Traffix in the period?
John McAdam: Yeah, so in terms of Europe it was probably you would expect you know so areas like the UK where we are very strong and France, Germany, the key geographies were pretty solid. Europe has been very out in the lead in terms of security sales as well. That has helped a lot and to be fair it was a pretty easy comparison just as the same quarter and a year ago but generally we are very, very happy with the things that have been performing. In terms of Traffix yes we did revenue, it wasn’t significant, what I could, you know we really view that as part of our ADCs. We are not going to be giving that out. I think the message I gave last quarter and that's still the same as we will see some revenue at Traffix next quarter as we did this quarter however we really think that the major opportunity is fiscal 2013. 
Jess Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities: John for the September quarter, do you expect Europe to be up sequentially?
John McAdam: We haven't got through each geography on that.
Andy Reinland: Yeah, Jess we don't guide by geography. So I think in our overall guidance we are taking the European market in the macro into consideration and as usual putting guidance out there that we forget about.
Operator: Our next question comes from Subu Subrahmanyan. Your line is open.
Subu Subrahmanyan - The Juda Group: I wanted to ask a question on service versus product revenues if you look at growth of the product revenues or lack there are, how do you expect the trend going forward given the significant difference on a sequential basis and also if I could follow-up on the different verticals looking out is there one vertical that causes you to be more concerned especially the question was asked on Telco if I could ask again it was down more than expected as a percentage of revenue?
John McAdam : On Telco, Telco was doing as we expected probably may be slightly better than we expected but not a lot better so it’s pretty much within the realms of what we are looking at.
Andy Reinland:  And then in terms of your original question the product revenue versus service site, obviously product revenue is our main priority in product revenue growth and at 41% service is higher than we have seen it or probably want to see it and I think as we drive forward and given the guidance that we put out there we may see that stay in the same range but over time obviously our goal is to get the product revenue up.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sanjiv Wadhwani with Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is open.
Sanjiv Wadhwani - Stifel Nicolaus : Thanks so much. Just one clarification and then a question. John your financial services vertical actually performed very well which kind of seems counter intuitive given the environment, can you just talk about what might be going on over there? And then question is, as far as the progression of the quarter can you just talk about if kind of things weakened as the quarter is progressing month over month to any sort of clarification that would be helpful? Thanks.
John McAdam : The linearity of the quarter was pretty similar to other quarters. It was, we did say in our opening remarks that we did definitely experienced the macro environment there, but it was pretty similar, there wasn’t a significant I mean there was some backend loading and no question about that.
Andy Reinland:  Yeah, I think just add to that. I think if you look at our month three, it was a little higher than we would expect, but I think the bigger message is in the deal flow. It was more backend loaded within that month that we would comfortable with. And one thing I would like to add in there is of the backlog where it’s a backlog less than one, it’s interesting to note that that was really roughly 1%. So not a significant amount down, but as we do reported, I wanted to put it out there that it was down.
John McAdam:  And then just to answer the question on the financial vertical, we did expect the financial vertical to go up. Again, it’s similar to what I said in the previous answer and its very project oriented and very pipeline oriented in terms of how we do that verticals or not, while we made the comments that we made, so it was. Actually Dave Feringa, whose just been recently promoted, I am sure you’ve seen the Executive VP of worldwide sales. Previously we’ve been doing 50% of our business with North America for the last seven years; he might want to comment on some of the financial. Not on each of the customers, but some of the deals that we did.
Dave Feringa:  Yeah, we saw some very, very large deals across all theaters last quarter and specifically in the Americas, we saw two very, very significant deals. One from a very large bank, who has also been telling people that they need to grow with to reduce costs to adjust their self to their new revenue models and they actually invested close to $5 million with us in the refresh opportunity to consolidate. And then we had another very large financial institution in the DC area that also, was actually a competitive replacement that also invested almost $3 million worth or so. Even in kind of tough times for that vertical, they’re spending money where they can see, they can gain lots of efficiencies. So, I think that was a good reason why we had a good quarter in the finance vertical.
John McAdam:  Actually you can figure that when we talk finance, we absolutely talk globally. So this type of trend is happen all the time globally.
Dave Feringa:  Absolutely, we had big deals in Asia-Pac and in Europe as well.
Operator:  And our next question comes from Paul Mansky with Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open.
Paul Mansky - Cantor Fitzgerald:  On the headcount front, I think we were targeting about 125 in the quarter, you did a 100 and we’re looking at 125 again for the next quarter. I know you guys have puts and takes relative to hitting the bogey on any given quarter, but should we read anything into that 100 versus 125 as it relates to maybe how long do you think the kind of the macro pressures might persist?
Andy Reinland:  You know, definitely as we went through the quarter, we talk a lot about how we manage expenses as we’re watching the quarter unfold and as we both mentioned in our scripts in this tougher macro environment as we watch the size up, we got more cautious with our hiring. But did continue to hire and as we look at next quarter with what we think we’ll achieve in terms of revenue as you’ve seen in the guidance put out there, we think we can absorb the 125. But what I would like to highlight in these comments is that we do want to keep hiring because we want to invest in growth and we see the opportunity there, but as we’ve said over and over again, we will invest in a way that protects our operating margin and we’re committed to the 38% levels. So I think you won’t see our behavior change in how we manage the business week in and week out.
Paul Mansky - Cantor Fitzgerald: And then if I could just follow up, historically you did a really good job of managing the product cycle. However, as you think about timing of the generation of TMOS in conjunction with obviously your sweeping appliance refresh, is there any concern relative to maybe demand push out around the timing of those two things happening to be coinciding a little bit more tightly than historical?
John McAdam: No, we again, I always have been asked that question for almost about 10 years; it should be and I don’t want to come over this complacent, but I feel really, really positive the way we can manage the new products coming in. And typically in any case the products, the existing products have refreshed or often redeployed and so we don’t often see that; and I don’t think there us going to be an issue there. The key for us is to actually get the roadmap on track and get these growth opportunities early as soon as possible.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jayson Noland with Robert Baird. Your line is open.
Jayson Noland - Robert Baird: Okay thanks. John just your previous comment on sales turnover did that cause any challenges or confusion through the quarter?
John McAdam: I don’t think we talk at all about sales turnover; obviously Mark Anderson moved on and that was a shame, but with Dave, he has been running North America has moved in and we have also replaced Dave by an internal recruitment as well. So the things are basically moving, frankly we are not really missing a beat there, but we didn’t comment on earlier so I don’t you heard that. 
Jayson Noland - Robert Baird: I was referring to at the executive level there that’s what I….
John McAdam: Oh, I am sorry, okay.
Jayson Noland - Robert Baird: On security from my question, you know congratulations on the progress and I guess the question is do you have what you need or can you develop it organically or should we expect some M&A there?
John McAdam: Well, we are developing a law organically and we have a law already in the portfolio that I mentioned, but there's, you know the stuff that's coming in the next TMOS solution is very, very important. And then we are always looking across the market for the increased opportunities, but absolutely one of the things that we've been debating internally and just how do we do it is in October and certainly in November the Analyst Day, we are going to say that we have given you much more visibility to the security sales that we’ve got. It’s not trivial because it’s very subjective in nature, but we are going to put a lot of effort into that and I think most people will be pretty impressed by the rate of growth that we are seeing for security.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rohit Chopra with Wedbush.
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush: John I am going to ask you another question, you have probably been asked a lot of times, but given the new version of TMOS has a lot more capability in it, classification engine and what not. How far back can you go as far as compatibility; in other words, would you expect a greater upgrade at the base with this new version of TMOS? And the other question I just want to ask you about competition, there is a little bit more competition out there I thought maybe you could comment on that and who you are seeing and what's going on?
Karl Triebes: Yes, hi Rohit this is Karl. I just wanted to mention, so in terms of software when we come out with new versions we make that available on all of our hardware platforms to the extent that they are able to accept it. So multiple generations of platforms typically could be upgraded to the latest releases, they may not run all features because whatever limitations they have, but we generally make most available. And that's no different for any large release that we are doing; you know this upcoming release is no different than any of the other releases that we've done in the past with regards to that.
John McAdam: Yeah, typically what we see there is obviously we see customers being cautious with the new release itself where and exactly the same with nine, 10 and 11 we will see the same coming again. Having said that, one of the drivers to really speed up customers tends to be specific functionality, so if a customer is really specific in terms of the need and what they can benefit from say DPI they will go at it faster, but that will be a pretty natural process.
Karl Triebes: Right, and with our chassis based products too, the nice thing there is that a lot of our customers are feature proof; that is if they need more capacity for the new features for example they are able to just add blades to the system quite easily, so that's already built into that.
Dan Matte:  Rohit, this is Dan Matte, so on the competitive environment front, in the macro stories we haven't seen really big changes. We've picked up some share actually across the core ADC market, we've seen actually great growth in our virtual additions as well, so I think we are being pretty disruptive on that side of things. Also on the security side with the performance of our datacenter firewall and sales on that front, again we think we are being pretty disruptive in that market. We look at our win rates as reported by our sales team, continue to be extremely high out there; so overall I think we are sitting quite well.
Operator:  And our next question comes from Catharine Trebnick with Northland Securities. Your line is open.
Catharine Trebnick - Northland Securities: My question is your used cases for the carrier space, can you go through those? And the other one would be are there any regions you are seeing, any carrier softness over other regions? Thanks.
Karl Triebes: Yeah this is Karl. We have a number of different areas, used cases that is in the service provider, everything from Carrier Grade NAT, IPv6 like I mentioned earlier doing things with in their managed services environment, web hosting those types of things. Optimization, we help optimize video delivery of content or web applications that they are handling. Again, with the signaling traffic we help to scale that for example we can scale diameter set and radius; we also now with our Traffix acquisition we now have a full signaling -- we call it our [SPC] release, we have now a full standard signaling capability and routing capability there. So there is a lot of areas that we were leveraged in this and again like John said earlier they tend to be project oriented, but it’s a pretty big footprint there. With the new upcoming DPI functionality we are hoping to expand that footprint and consolidate a lot of functionality that exist in platforms that tend to be around us.
Catharine Trebnick - Northland Securities: Alright quick, another just a quick question follow-on. I did not hear when the TMOS version with DPI would be released, could you repeated the timeframe?
Karl Triebes: Yeah we said at the end of this year.
Catharine Trebnick - Northland Securities: Okay. And then do you have any data that’s now underway with the DPI technology?
Karl Triebes:   Yeah we have, we have had as I have mentioned before in the previous calls we have beta versions out for a while at different various stages of development process the customers been looking at.
Operator: And our next question comes from Simon Leopold with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Simon Leopold - Raymond James: Great, thank you very much. I wanted to just get a little bit of more clarification particularly on the financial vertical discussion; quite a big number in what’s a tough environment. Are there any metrics you can give us in terms of the largest deal size or concentration and really what I am trying to get at is to understand the sustainability versus the lumpiness of that particular vertical? And then in terms of the question, I am wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the concept of virtualizing the ADC function in terms of kind of the timeframe of when that could be deployed, particularly by the technology vertical which might be early adopters and what that would mean for your product portfolio and your business over, let's say, three to five years?
Karl Triebes:  On the last one, I am not sure of it is three to five years because that’s, I don’t want to make that prediction when it's so far out. But in terms of the virtual ADC, we have now probably got the largest array of solutions out there from a software-only perspective in terms of the ADC type solutions. In other words, a core LTE product, virtual as well as all the modules as well, security modules, optimization modules. And that’s been going extremely well. It’s still a small proportion of our business, but a very fast, high percentage growing portion. We see a lot of hybrid sales. So we will see sales for the software version as well as the system version and the beauty is that we can manage them similarly. So the customer can mix and match depending on the area and you’re right, cloud is probably the main area of opportunity there. But in terms of going three to five years, that’s a bit tough.
Dan Matte:  And Simon, this is Dan. So while we’re not prognosticating on the size of that portion of the market. Fortunately there are others who do and so the target for the virtualized part of the market, it runs about roughly 10% of the overall market sort of about in that timeframe that you’re talking about. And so what we’re doing about it, as John said, the sales of our virtual additions are going really well. We’re giving our customers versions of our products that they can inject in to cloud providers themselves. We’ve also started our cloud licensing programs. So using the cloud vendors as more of a channel for us, so they can take that functionality if you will and rent it to their customers on an ongoing basis. So that's really tapping into a customer base that otherwise it will be more difficult for us to address.
John McAdam: And then just going back to the financial vertical. I mean there's numbers in the financial vertical. Obviously weighed by percents over time, but have been very resilient and have been very resilient even through the 2009 time scale when that was probably at its lowest ebb from an opportunity perspective. So I think it is very sustainable. I think it is going to be one of our three key verticals for the foreseeable future.
Brian White - Topeka Capital Markets: And any indication of the concentration or where there several very large projects or anything like that?
John McAdam: No I mean Dave obviously talked about some of the projects, but nothing of the ordinary. They tend to be reasonably big in nature, but they are very common as well and I've said a couple of times, they are global as well.
Andy Reinland: I mean and just adding on to that, Dave mentioned a couple of larger deals on the financial vertical, but putting it in perspective, broadly our average orders sizes is just above a 100,000. So I think though we do win very significant figure dollar deals on average, our average order size is just above a 100,000. So I think that helps put it in perspective.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian White from Topeka Capital Markets. Your line is open
Brian White - Topeka Capital Markets: And John when did you start to pick up signs of increased caution with customers?
John McAdam: We look at our business weekly and you're never really sure until you get into that last month and then obviously in the last couple of weeks as when it becomes very specific, where you can start to see committed deals being non-committed, that's typically the process that we see.
Brian White - Topeka Capital Markets: Okay and I know you didn’t want to talk about you know the weakest market in September quarter but what do you think is going to be the strongest market in September quarter?
Andy Reinland: Yeah, again we don't guide the verticals so when we look at that pretty broadly and then take that into the guidance that we put out there. I mean the key things we look you know I would say this a number of times but its definitely the pipeline, its definitely the factor pipeline in other words the pipeline that's pretty mature and has got very, very good chance of closing and then the assumed close rates and obviously in this environment we think we are being sufficiently cautious on the closer rate.
Brian White - Topeka Capital Markets: You don't think there's any change in the competitive landscape, this is all macro caution?
Andy Reinland: There's always some change in it, but I think it's been a significant versus macro? No.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kent Schofield with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Kent Schofield - Goldman Sachs: Can you talk a little bit about increasing the performance availability on the software ADC side, some of the cloud features and then how that plays out with selling into some of those technology customers that are doing some of their own work. Thank you.
Dan Matte: Sure, so Kent, this is Dan Matte, it's a couple of things, so one with the virtual additions themselves, we are going to be increasing the performance. We think we already have great performance within our virtual additions but we will crank that up even more. Another aspect that we are working on to is allowing people to stream multiple versions of those together and act as one coherent unit, so as we think about many of these larger players and think about having a  totally software defined data center if you will so everything looks the same inside of it, you are changing the personality of the devices solely by software. We think that we’ve got a very interesting way to help them do that and utilize our software from that perspective.  The other piece that I mentioned to is different go-to-market models as well. So we think there are other ways to exploit better get our products into what I have called the serverless generation so people coming up with new companies who are not likely to build their own data centers or purchase servers or anything like that, they are just going to be renting infrastructure from various players out there we just want to make sure we have got that covered.  And then also we recognized that people have different ways of adopting cloud technology and whether they are doing it internally in private clouds as I said, the serverless generation purely in a public or those in between with hybrid. So we definitely have technology coming that allows people to use as much or as little as both of those are simultaneously use both as they would like and make it seamless so that the cloud is just another resource that they are able to drop on.
Kent Schofield - Goldman Sachs: And then you mentioned the high attach of software modules. Is that a level that you think it’s where is going to be or do you think with the coming products that’s that you could see higher attach going forward?
John McAdam : I think we can see higher attach. It’s a number of things I mean, I mentioned security the application firewalls is a very good example. And the access policy manager for access. They have two very, very strong momentum modules right now. As we add more modules like DPI, like the bigger function firewall is coming I think you will see a more module connect and then the other thing that’s critical as sales execution in this area sales and SE and service execution where not just, we started off with North America being the leader. But we are now seeing areas like Japan and the rest of APAC and Europe also doing extremely well with the modules and realizing it’s a differentiator. And then the fact that we have our Viprion chassis solutions ideal for building more and more modules on the one platform. So I do, I think it’s a great strategy and it should increase the tax rate.
Operator:  And our next question comes from Ryan Hutchinson with Lazard Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Ryan Hutchinson - Lazard Capital Markets:  I have somewhat of a follow-up on just the overall security strategy and John you touched on the prepared remarks. Maybe it’s question for Dan or Erik if he is there but I just wanted to understand where we are headed here. You clearly are looking to build out a comprehensive solution. You’re covering some aspects of it but I just wanted to get, where are we in 12 to 24 months? Do we cover network protocol, app and access security and is Project Topaz does that fulfill the needs or is there more to come beyond that and I guess the real question is who ultimately are we going to be competing with? Thanks.
Manny Rivelo:  So this is Manny Rivelo. So Ryan, let me answer that question. A couple of things, first of all, we have two major use cases if you will. One of them is really around, what I would call unified access and around unified access is the whole concept of ensuring that we know who the user is and we contextually can create an identity of that user, identifying the who, what, when, where and how of what that users try to do and then enable them to access those services, whether they be on network or off network.  So that’s a very strong in this case. We’ve been getting a lot of market share there and not just recently it was reported by Infonetics where we moved to the position number two from market share perspective. The other use case everyone working a lot which is around Project Topaz is really where the firewall defending your applications and that is a layer three to layer seven firewall technology, high performance, high throughput, high connection count, high, high concurrent connection and what that basically has is everything from Layer 3 DDoS protection to all the way to application on ability protection, all wrapped up in one solution set and that by all means is a product that we currently have in the market, wildly successful with that market and we’re going to continue to create further integration with Project Topaz in the next software release. So when you think about the competitors across those two different markets, on one end, we’re competing against identity bridges and vendors of that size, and the data center firewall, we’re competing against Juniper, Cisco, Palo Alto, but to be perfectly frank, none of those companies have focused on a web solution set. So although they are competitors, they’re not really the right solution to the market at this time.
Karl Triebes:  The other thing I will add. You asked the question about the next 12, 24 months. Obviously, this is a starting point. We’ve got others, and we have some other significant things we are building into the platform itself such as like DDoS adding significantly to our hardware capabilities there. A lot of security features in ASM, you know things in the future we’re looking at malware prevention. There is a lot of factors that we can go after, but once we have this footprint, this capability and this performance, you know that’s the big enabler.
John Eldridge:  Okay. Thank you very much for joining us and we look forward to speaking with you all again next quarter. I’ll see on the road sometime soon. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-04-19 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. And welcome to the F5 Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer portion. Also today’s conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections please disconnect at this time. I’d now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Eldridge: Thank you, Carol. Welcome all of you to our conference call for second quarter of fiscal 2012. Speakers on today’s call are John McAdam, President and CEO; and Andy Reinland, Senior VP, sorry, Executive VP and Chief Finance Officer. Other members of our exec team are also with us to answer questions following our prepared comments. If you have questions following today’s call please direct them to me at 206-272-6571. If you don’t have a copy of today’s press release, you can assess one on our website at F5.com. In addition, you can access an archived version of today’s live webcast from the Investor Relations Events Calendar page of our webpage -- website through July 18th. 4:30 p.m. today until midnight Pacific Time April 19th, you can also listen to a telephone replay at 866-503-3214 or 203-369-1863. As we indicated in our press release, financial results for the second quarter reflect some changes in the way we report our non-GAAP measurements, prior to Q2, our non-GAAP results have excluded only stock-based compensation expense. Following the acquisition of Traffix Systems in February, we have decided to adopt common industry practice and exclude amortization of purchased intangibles and all acquisition-related charges as well. Going forward, we believe this practice will provide investors for the more accurate representation of our operating business model. Before reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results for Q2 and on Q3 earnings guidance is provided in our press release and the consolidated statements of operations is included in the press release and also posted on our website. During today’s call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in the quarterly press release and described in detail in our SEC filings. Before we begin, I want to remind you that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Andy Reinland.
Andy Reinland: Thank you, John. F5’s fiscal second quarter marked a return to product revenue acceleration as strong Telco sales and continued momentum in software and security drove revenue ahead of our guidance. Revenue of $339.6 million, which exceeded the high-end of our $332 million to $337 million guided range, grew 5.3% from the prior quarter and 22.4% year-over-year. In line with our expectations Q2 revenue from Traffix Systems was not material to results. GAAP EPS of $0.86 per diluted share was at the high-end of our guided range of $0.84 to $0.86. Non-GAAP EPS, which excludes stock-based compensation, amortization of purchased intangible assets and acquisition charges for Traffix was $1.09 per diluted share above our guidance of $1.05 to $1.07. Product revenue of $205.2 million grew 18% year-over-year, and represented 60% of total revenue. Service revenue of $134.5 million grew 29% year-over-year, and accounted for 40% of total revenue. Book-to-bill for the quarter was greater than 1. On the geographic basis, Americans revenue increased 21% from the second quarter of fiscal 2011 and accounted for 58% of total revenue. EMEA revenue which represented 21% of the total increased 19% from the second quarter of last year. APAC contributed 14% of revenue up 24% year-over-year and Japan accounted for 7% of revenue, a 47% increase year-over-year. During Q2, our Application Delivery Networking business contributed $333.1 million in revenue. This compares to $316.9 million in Q1 and $270.5 million in the second quarter a year ago. Revenue from our ARX File Virtualization business was $6.5 million, compared to $5.5 million in Q1 and $7.1 million in Q2 of last year. Telco was our strongest vertical in Q2, representing 27% of total sales. Financial was 16%, technology 19% and government was 12%, including U.S. Federal, which accounted for 6% of the total. In Q2, we had two greater than 10% distributors, Avnet, which represented 16.6% of total revenue and Ingram Micro, which accounted for 13.9%. Behind continued strong sales of software, GAAP gross margin improved in Q2 to 83%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 84.2%. GAAP operating expenses of $177.3 million were above our target range of $170.5 million to $174.5 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $155.7 million. GAAP operating margin was 30.8%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 38.3%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for Q2 was 35.3% and our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 33.8%. Turning to the balance sheet, cash flow from operations was $101.6 million contributing to total cash on investments of $1.034 billion at quarter end. Free cash flow for the quarter was $94.6 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $7 million. DSO at the end of Q2 was 49 days. Inventories were $17 million. Deferred revenue increased 8.6% sequentially to $412.8 million. We ended the quarter with approximately 2,805 employees, an increase of 190 from the prior quarter. During Q2, we repurchased approximately 404,000 shares of a common stock at an average price of $124.44 per share for a total of $50.3 million, approximately $281 million remains authorized under the current share repurchase program. For our outlook, we continue to believe F5 will generate sequential revenue growth throughout fiscal year 2012 and achieve annual revenue growth for the fiscal year of at least 20%. We are very happy with the early sales activity around the Traffix technology acquired this quarter and John will discuss Traffix in more detail. However for Q3, we do not anticipate a material revenue contribution from Traffix Systems. With that in mind, our revenue target for the third quarter of fiscal 2012 is $350 million to $355 million. We expect GAAP gross margin in the 82% to 83% range, including approximately $2.5 million of stock-based compensation expense and $1.7 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. We anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of $180.5 million to $184.5 million, including approximately $22 million stock-based compensation expense and $200,000 in amortization of purchased intangible assets. Our GAAP EPS target is $0.88 to $0.90 per diluted share. Our non-GAAP EPS target is $1.12 to $1.14 per diluted share. We are forecasting a GAAP effective tax rate of 35% and a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 33.5%. We plan to increase our headcount by approximately 125 employees in the current quarter. We estimate our DSO will be in the upper 40 day range. We expect inventory levels within a range of 17 million to 19 million and we believe our cash flow from operations will be in excess of $110 million. With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
John McAdam: Thanks, Andy, and good afternoon, everyone. I was very pleased with our Q2 results. We delivered solid year-over-year revenue growth of 22% and 18% year-over-year product revenue growth. I was also pleased with the performance of all our major sales regions. Each region produced solid year-over-year sales bookings growth. The Asia-Pacific, Japan region had a very strong quarter, especially in Japan and China. North America had another well-executed quarter, driven by very strong service provider sales and an improvement in our U.S. Federal business. EMEA had an excellent quarter with solid year-over-year and sequential sales growth. Our services business had another stellar quarter exceeding both revenue and profit goals, as well as posting a very significant increase in deferred revenue of approximately $33 million. Continuing the momentum from Q1, sales of our VIPRION chassis-based products were very strong with sales bookings of VIPRION up over 200% from last year. We also continued to experience strong sequential and year-over-year growth and sales from our software-only virtual editions solutions. With standalone virtual editions of our entire suite of software modules, we now have the most comprehensive portfolio of software-only ADCs in the market. Attach rates for all our software modules also showed strong growth, especially those that are part of our integrated security offering. All of our security products continued to gain momentum in Q2. In addition to strong sales of ASM, APM, EDGE Gateway and DNS Security modules, we saw a growing demand for our TMOS-based data center firewall solution, which has obtained ICSA Certification. During the quarter, we enjoyed a large number of significant wins protecting large web-based application environments for traditional firewalls like the functionality and scalability needed to deal with these new advanced persistent threats on large customer facing applications. With TMOS v11 running on our high-end systems like VIPRION 4400, we can deliver more than eight times the throughput of our competitors firewall solutions at a significantly lower price, while still providing the industry best layer 3 to layer 7 security and application functionality. In late February, we augmented our expanding array of Telco-related capabilities with the acquisition of Traffix Systems, the leading provider of Diameter signaling product for service providers. The Diameter protocol has gained industry-wide acceptance by the 3GPP and GSMA as the standard for the network signaling in all 4G/LTE networks. Diameter plays a vital role in the management of 4G/LTE and IMS networks including billing and policy deployments, enabling service providers to monetize the networks by providing a menu of subscription-based services. The Traffix team’s deep understanding of the needs of service providers and the scale and developing technology to manage, scale, secure, integrate and apply Diameter services within legacy and next-generation networks is a uniquely valuable asset. No other company in the industry has as wide and rich functionality to simplify and enable the next-generation Diameter signaling infrastructure. It’s recently introduced Signaling Delivery Controller, SDC, provides a strategic point of control in the service providers networks, acting as an intelligent tier in those networks enabling interoperability, security, scale and flexibility in managing and optimizing signaling traffic. That should sound familiar to anyone who follows F5. Our vision has been to create a converged carrier architecture that unifies IP services end-to-end across the application, data and control plan. Diameter is a foundational piece of that puzzle and we are delighted to have the Traffix team join the F5 family. As Andy mentioned, while we do not expect to see any material revenue contribution from the Traffix Diameter products in Q3, we are very pleased with the progress we have made and the growing number of proof-of-concept we’re engaged in around the world as service providers accelerate the launch of 4G or LTE networks. Early indications from these POCs are quite positive and we believe validate the unique value proposition. The combination of F5 and Traffix offer to service providers in this rapidly expanding market. With respect to our core ADC business, we continued to extend our technology leadership last quarter with the introduction of the VIPRION 4480. Our newest chassis-based product is specifically designed to enable service providers and enterprises to address rapidly increasing traffic levels and the growing demand for enhanced services. With the industry-leading capabilities of the VIPRION 4480 and other -- our other high-end platforms, organizations can more efficiently scale their infrastructures and seamlessly integrate security, including data center firewall and access solutions without sacrificing performance or ease of management. VIPRION 4480 extends our performance leadership in all key metrics, including SSL, layer 4 and layer 7 that includes the market’s first 40-gigabit per second Ethernet support for an applications and services platform. By leveraging F5’s hardware and virtual platforms, and our peripheral clustered multiprocessing technologies, organizations can remain more flexible as they build out dynamic infrastructures, including cloud and virtualization technologies to support business initiatives and ever growing user requirements. Unlike other vendor products which can be difficult and costly to upgrade, our VIPRION solutions automatically cool resources as new blades are added enabling organizations to implement a true ‘scale on demand’ strategy. The new blades and the four-blade VIPRION 4480 chassis effectively doubled the performance of the VIPRION 4400 and an eight-blade version is planned for later this year. We are also making good progress and our plan to refresh the current one-year and two-year appliances this year, leveraging technology that was developed for the VIPRION 2400, including next generation CPUs, FPGAs and other components. In addition, we have another major release of TMOS plan for later in the year, which will include DPI functionality, a host of new security features and major enhancements for private and public cloud environment. As far as the outlook is concerned, Andy indicated we expect to see solid sequential growth this quarter. I feel very confident about the future prospects for F5. Our technology leadership is as strong as it has ever been. Our competitive win rates in the field remain at world class levels and our pipeline of future sales opportunity is extremely robust as we enter the second half of fiscal 2012. We are really well positioned to take advantage of the growth opportunities in our core ADC markets as well as exploiting new expanding marketing -- market opportunities in cloud based architectures, the security market and the service provider market. I would like to take this opportunity to thank the entire F5 team and our partners and look forward to the continued support throughout the year. And with that, I will now hand the call over for Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instruction) Our first question today is from Ittai Kidron from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Ittai Kidron: Thanks and congrats guys on a good quarter. Maybe just a couple of questions, first of all, Andy, on your comments on Traffix impact on the P&L, can you tell me what non-material means? What is the dollar level you feel is immaterial because my contacts would tell me Traffix is doing $3 million to $4 million a quarter and if we account for that, I’m not sure how I’m going to view your June quarter guide? And John, can you talk about -- it looks like a lot of things, kind of, went well in the quarter. Can you talk about what sort of things that didn’t go well from your standpoint in the quarter and what is it that you’re focusing on from an execution standpoint near-term?
Andy Reinland: So Ittai, it’s Andy. On Traffix, when I say non-material, I mean, on the revenue side, I’m talking pretty small amounts. Primarily, service-driven revenue at this point, we’re looking at the revenue recognition. And when I talk about next quarter, in our guidance, we’re not assuming revenue from Traffix. So that’s what I had assumed.
Ittai Kidron: Okay. Very good.
John McAdam: And then the question to me regarding what went -- what didn’t go so well. First of all, I mean, let me reiterate, I was very happy with the fact that all the regions had good robust performances and I talked about that. Andy gave some specific detail on it. So, I was really happy with that. If you look at the verticals, clearly, financial vertical was doing some work from its normal value. We don’t think there is anything systematic there at all. In fact, we expect it to be up in this current quarter. Telco was very high and that we expect that to be down somewhat in the coming quarter, which I guess balances that. And really, when we look at the pipeline, that’s the way we manage the business’ overall pipeline and I mentioned it was really good. So, I was pretty pleased. I was obviously very pleased with security and what we were doing there right across the board. The data center firewall solutions are coming on very strongly. The part of an overall solution but security in terms of being part of the features of our overall solution has been excellent. The software module attach has been -- was really good as well, so, generally, pretty happy.
Ittai Kidron: Okay. Very good. Good luck guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from George Notter, Jefferies. Your line is open.
George Notter: Hi. Thanks very much. I just wanted to ask about the public sector piece of your business. We get the sense from the IBM call last night that public sector was softer for them certainly. I mean, can you talk a little bit about what you’re seeing there, what the outlook is going forward? Thanks.
John McAdam: I mean, first of all, the issue with today’s public sector is that a lot of companies define it definitely. We tend to talk about core government business, both globally and then, of course, U.S. Federal. The U.S. Federal did show improvement in this quarter. I mean, we’re still -- I still think you have to be very weary given the especially [we are running] in terms of budgets and the government and the voting year this year. So, we are being, I think reasonably conservative about it. And then if you look one of the way, there wasn’t much change for us. So, really no -- slight improvement in Federal and not much change elsewhere. Next question.
Operator: Thank you. Erik Suppiger, JMP Securities. Your line is open.
Erik Suppiger: So just quickly on the data center firewall, when do you think that that will be a meaningful revenue contributor or are you at production level at this point, where you’re seeing it deployed in a production environment?
John McAdam: Yeah. It’s very much a meaningful revenue contributor right now. I mean, we have won pretty significant deals and by significant -- greater than $1 million in some cases. As I mentioned but, sometimes we have the scenarios where the customers not only using as a data center firewall, but maybe doing some optimization as well and that’s why we’re -- in terms of producing actual numbers, it would be too subjective to do that, but it’s extremely material. As is the ASM application has security module and we just finished our quarterly business reviews again with North America and the field is really high on our Access Policy Manager as well, the access module. So the security has been actually material for us, but it’s definitely something we think is going to be an expanding opportunity.
Erik Suppiger: And who are you competing with in some of those seven-figure deals?
John McAdam: Very often with Juniper, with Cisco as well. We’ve probably seen some checkpoint. I’m not sure, but Juniper is probably the main area.
Manny Rivelo: Yeah. This is Manny Rivelo. We’ve seen all three of those players. Those are the predominant firewall players that have been in the market for a long time and what we are seeing is, because the new threat vectors that are out there to protect these web applications, customers are looking at layer 3 to layer 7 integrated functionality at very, very high connection counts and throughput. And with the TMOS-based data center firewall provides and has always provided, is the capability of scaling at a very, very high level, specifically around applications. So it’s been a logical marriage, because in quite a few of those environments, they’ve already been using the F5 technology and the result of that now consuming security services on top of the traditional services that they’ve used.
Erik Suppiger: And you saw some good growth sequentially with regards to those large data center firewall deals in the March quarter?
John McAdam: We saw good growth sequentially with ASM, APM, Edge Gateway, in other words, all the software modules as well as systems and architectures based on the data center firewall.
Erik Suppiger: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Jason Ader, William Blair. Your line is open.
Jason Ader: Yeah. Thank you. John, I wanted to just drill down on the North American enterprise business. If I look at the Americas business, it was up about $7 million sequentially, federal was up $7 million sequentially, so it implies now that federal rule was flat sequentially, but Telco was up $18 million sequentially. I know that probably a lot of that is in the Americas. So, it sort of implies North American enterprise was down sequentially. I want to get a sense of whether that’s something to be concerned about. If something happened in North America enterprise that disappointed you or was it more of a bookings versus revenue kind of thing?
John McAdam: Yeah. Sort of all of the above, I mean, in terms of concern, as we look out in the pipeline as we look at the current guidance we got this quarter, we see the enterprise business being reasonably strong. I mentioned the financial vertical was definitely lower than what we expect it to be and we expect to see a rebound in that book. That’s the good news. The not so good news is we don’t see Telco being quite as strong this quarter as it was last, still so robust but not quite as strong.
Jason Ader: Like just the technology vertical. For the last quarter, it’s actually been down year-over-year, so I was just kind of wondering what’s happening there. Is that just lumpy?
John McAdam: Yeah. I don’t think there is anything -- I mean, I don’t think there is anything significant there. I mean, I think it was at 19% this quarter, which is typically -- that tends to be the slightly higher end of the range.
Jason Ader: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Brian White, Topeka. Your line is open.
Brian White: Yeah. John, could we talk a little about what you are seeing in the 4G networks? I know you’re a Mobile Congress, I think the number of meetings you had really took it uptick this year. So when do we’re going to see, kind of, the inflection point with the build out of these 4G networks and F5 benefiting?
John McAdam: Yeah. I wouldn’t give a specific time, but if you look at last quarter’s Telco business, we had reasonably lot of sales linked to future deployment of LTE. So, I’m not going to call an inflection point. I think it is now ongoing. And obviously with the acquisition of Traffix, as we look into FY ‘13, we think we could do extremely well in that environment.
Brian White: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Simon Leopold, Raymond James. Your line is open.
Simon Leopold: Great. I wanted to check on two things. One is, your Telco business obviously very strong and it stands out in the sense that this is typically a very tough seasonal quarter for Telco spending and not the case for you. So, if we could get little bit more color as to why your sales in this vertical, kind of, defied the typical seasonality? I understand you’re suggesting it will be down sequentially in June, but help us understand the activity behind that. And then the other thing I was hoping you could give us a little bit more color on is, I understand you can’t specifically highlight a number for revenue from security, but maybe you could give us a sense of revenue that’s coming from adjacencies to load balancing, that would including WAN optimization security to help us understand the expansion of the addressable market? Thank you.
John McAdam: On the seasonality on Telco, we haven’t seen significant seasonality and that could be linked to the size of our businesses versus some of our larger peers, clearly but not as anything like as big as the Telco. We tend to be project-oriented. So, we win projects that are linked and we’re not just pluming. We tend to be linked very much to the application, the solution and a good idea of what our architecture is going to look like. We do see add-on as traffic increases and there is a, a lot of things need to manage that traffic. So, as the actual systems are running as well. But the bottom line in Telco -- the bottom answer would be that it’s more project-oriented than anything. We had some pretty strong projects landed last quarter.
Simon Leopold: And the activity in the adjacencies, if you could quantify that?
John McAdam: Well, that’s really the add-on modules that for years we’ve decided never to quantify. I did say that this was very, very strong last quarter and increasing in all the regions as the sale of value and that could be -- security is the leader in that, there is no question with APM and ASM and solutions like that and the access. However, products like WebAccelerator remained very significant player for us, the WAN optimization module as well. But we’re not specific on the numbers.
Simon Leopold: So, just to round that the one question out then, in terms of kind of the newer areas Dan, the Diameter routing in DPI that you haven’t not yet registered revenue and how do you think those are in terms of materiality one or two years from today? Thank you.
Dan Matte: Very significant. I’m not going to be drawn into giving a percent but extremely significant near both areas, that’s what the trends are going, not just in Telco, I think that they’re going to have a capability and a solution-based and the enterprise as well.
Simon Leopold: Thank you.
Operator: Alex Kurtz, Sterne Agee. Your line is open.
Alex Kurtz: Thanks for taking the question guys. When you look at the 2400 and sort of the pipelines built for you guys over the last couple of quarters here. You have a sense now about sort of incremental opportunity, can you put a number around it? Can you talk a little bit of any kind of more detail about how that product is helping you especially in sort of mid-tier, mid-range, mid-market kind of enterprise accounts?
John McAdam: As to breaking out the number, we get that as I said every quarter and we don’t break out to that level of detail on product mix. But we have talked some quite a bit about the impact in enterprise and the 2400 there playing very well. The price performance on that box fits right into our range, right around the 8900 and is a great option for people who are looking at expanding environments and we think…
Andy Reinland: No. Still -- v11 is still in the -- whatever that period, I’m not good at this inning thing, but probably that some innings or something. Sorry, my baseball knowledge isn’t that good, but anyway, we are still -- we are not at half time in terms of the v11. That’s going to increase. One of the features on that VCMP is the ability to run multiple versions. That’s doing well. It grew well from last quarter to the quarter before, but it’s got a long way to go and I think that’s when you really see the chassis’ being filled up by blades, growth towards it. So I think there’s a fairly big runway with the 2400 and the 4480.
Alex Kurtz: So you see that the 2400 sort of getting -- increasingly helping you getting to your numbers every quarter or is it still sort of a smaller portion of the overall pie?
Andy Reinland: It’s very significant.
Alex Kurtz: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Brian Marshall, ISI Group. Your line is open.
Stephen Patel: Thank you. This is Stephen Patel calling in for Brian Marshall. Can you discuss the progress in your iApps Ecosystem? I believe you had around 35 to 40 iApps at last count a few months ago. Has that increased and have you seen greater penetration in accounts from having those new app delivery capabilities?
Dan Matte: Yeah. Absolutely, Stephen. This is Dan Matte. So we continue to see growth there. We have a team that actually works on iApps day-in and day-out. So internally we are also working with our big application partners like Microsoft and Oracle to try and simplify deployment for a workbook. So that continues to grow. I don’t know off the top of my head, the number I know is more than it was last quarter. We are seeing that tie into a couple of different places too. One is with continued growth in DevCentral and that continues to be a place, where people pick up on iApps and make use of them and share them with other people. And then the other thing is we’re using them to help to push into market to penetrate different areas, for example, VDI, where we’ve done a lot of iApps work to help us penetrate the VDI market more successfully and push F5 technology into places that could help people to save money and get better performance.
Stephen Patel: And a follow-up if I could, there has been more discussion recently around SDN and OpenFlow taking some traffic engineering features out of switches. Can you talk about the opportunities for you and possible changes in the competitive setting in that type of network paradigm?
Dan Matte: We have been following that for quite some time, both sFlow -- not sFlow but the OpenFlow and the OpenStack initiatives. Internally, we have been working towards looking at how that could be adjacent or fit into our business. But in terms of the technology, we see a pretty good synergy with what we do and how that might fit that model, so we expect to work with that in the future to go forward.
Stephen Patel: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Alex Henderson, Miller Tabak. Your line is open.
Alex Henderson: Thanks. Could you quickly just characterize your thoughts and relative to how you thought the European business did relative to your expectations? You had made that comment last quarter and then the question I really want to ask was around the virtualized market -- the virtual CMP product, the desktop VDI with VMware, can you talk a little bit about how that’s progressing. You had made the comment couple of quarters back that your cloud-based business was growing triple digits even if it was on a very small base. Can you kind of put those into some context for us so we’ll have a little bit of granularity on how those pieces are doing?
Mark Anderson: Hey, Alex. I will take the first part of your three-part questions. This is Mark Anderson. So, yeah, we’re really proud of EMEA. I mean as amazing as it seems our businesses has grown there really well year-over-year, sequentially quarter-over-quarter and amazingly consistent across the geographies including Southern Europe where the economies are the tightest. So I think really good execution. Obviously, market-leading technology and a strong work ethic from the team out there.
Dan Matte: And Alex, this is Dan on the rest of it. So, on the cloud front and virtual addition to talk about first. So we continue to see great growth in adoption of our virtual additions. As John mentioned, sequential growth and year-over-year growth that we’re very, very pleased with. We’re not breaking that out as a number of percent, in terms of the cloud piece lots of things going on in that front. We have programs to elect cloud providers adopt our technology with and resale it basically into their environment, into their customers. So we’ve seen a great deal of interest and we’re sort of early days with those programs, but those move forward for us. On the VDI piece, there are I guess a couple of things going on. One is that we’ve been doing a lot of work in terms of partnering with folks like VMware and Microsoft and coming up with things like wide-eye apps to help to deploy into their and help make their solutions work even better. And then as I mentioned earlier too with us great solutions that we watched and announced earlier the last quarter from environment like Citrix with their Xen piece and having F5 and BIG-IP fit in and actually in our opinion, work even better than our own products. So that’s been a successful for us too.
Alex Henderson: Just to make a follow-up, on the VMware desktop thing, my understanding is VMware wants to compete very heavily against Citrix in that space and they need ADC to pull it. Obviously, Citrix moves a lot of the net scale or products with that. Can you talk a little bit about how aggressive VMware is relative to pulling you into deals where they’re going after those type of installations and how early is that?
Mark Anderson: Yeah. Sure, Alex. We work with them in the field. I think we have a common enemy in Citrix and I think there is strong motivation on both sides.
Alex Henderson: Good. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Nikos Theodosopoulos, UBS. Your line is open.
Nikos Theodosopoulos: Yeah. Thank you. Just a couple of clarifications on Traffix and then a question on service provider, so just so I understood a prior question, did you -- your expectation is that the company will do no revenue next quarter or is there something with deferred and write downs of backlog where you’re not going to be able to recognize anywhere. I’m just trying to understand beyond the next quarter, what should we expect? And given the number of employees that are coming in, you didn’t mention really anything on OpEx. Once again, do you see that immaterial in the $1 million to $3 million range a quarter, any comments on that?
Andy Reinland: Yeah. So in terms of OpEx, so we did bring on 60 people as part of our 190 increase and our comments on the press release, we said we’re going to manage that as an investment into our current business model structure and that’s how we’re looking at it. So we’re still targeting at 38% operating margin as a business and we’re going to bring that in. In terms of the revenue, definitely there is some carryover revenue in service that we do have to write down. And so the -- there will be very modest revenue as how I would put it, but not enough that we factored it into guidance in any meaningful way.
Nikos Theodosopoulos: Okay. Okay. And that persists for a few quarters? That lack of revenue?
John McAdam: The way we are viewing it at the moment is fiscal ‘13. As we mentioned, we’re doing a lot of proof-of-concepts. We feel very good about the reaction we are getting from the customer base with the solution clearly LTE is critical. But these tend to be fairly long-term decisions. So really when we look forward fiscal ‘13 is when we really believe we are going to get a payback.
Nikos Theodosopoulos: Okay. And then just one final clarification on Traffix deal, just looking at the cash flow statement was the $128 million for acquisitions all tied to that particular deal? I don’t recall any other deals you announced in the quarter?
Andy Reinland: Yeah. We actually didn’t publicly disclose the details of the deal but, yeah, you are looking at the line and that was specifically for the Traffix acquisition.
Nikos Theodosopoulos: Okay. All right and then my question separate from that was on the service provider business in wireless. Do you have a rough estimate overall as to what percentage wireless is? And if you -- since you probably sell to almost all the wireless carriers, when they do begin an LTE build-out and they already have your products installed, what would be the incremental purchasing that they would need for LTE when they start rolling it out or would your benefit come as they start seeing the increased traffic growth and it’s more a function of subscriber growth coming onto the network?
John McAdam: It’s so difficult to answer the way you’ve referenced the question, because typically we win fairly big projects based on growth of traffic. That’s absolutely, we are receiving traffic, we maybe securing the traffic, we may be doing carrier grades not never to address translation and obviously the diameter knows an extra solution in that basis. So it’s hard to give you a specific feel apart from what we have a fairly growing portfolio and our solutions are absolutely linked to a growth in mobile and the LTE type architectures are coming along.
Mark Anderson: So that’s why the VIPRION platform has been so popular at the service providers, because they can simply add blades and not have to reconfigure their entire network unlike a competitor’s solution where they have to go back in and reapportion VLAN and other network configuration settings that we don’t have to do. So we truly scale these networks, especially when they are starting to point carrier based product interest.
John McAdam: That’s a very good example. That was last quarter with a reasonable sized order that was mainly doing optimization, but also because of VIPRION’s power and its flexibility is also doing some security, firewall security features as well.
Nikos Theodosopoulos: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Mark Sue, RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mark Sue: Thank you. John, it seems the dynamics in Telco s, the uptake with Traffix and security are all better than when you give your 20% year-over-year revenue guidance. And when you add VPI and the ramp in LTE does it make you, you want to look around a conference room table and think 30% growth this year?
John McAdam: If my memory serves me well, that’s very similar to last quarter’s question. Mark, I maybe wrong in that but I will look back and check but I think I have that 30%. We are not going to update during the year where we are at. We said we would be disappointed with less than 20%. That’s still the case. You heard Andy’s confidence about the second half and stick into that, but we are not going to give any updates. In terms of -- what I will say is...
Mark Sue: What’s going better John then, what do you say?
John McAdam: I will say, is what’s becoming clear to us here is that when we look at the core business, we feel good about that. We feel good about our products, the roadmap, the refreshing the 2400 vCMP, v11, et cetera. We feel very good about our security and the ability to do additional business in security and the momentum we’re getting with that and we also feel and I’m really now talking about FY ‘13 that with Diameter and what we’re doing in service provider that we can see an expanding market there as well.
Mark Sue: That’s helpful. Thank you. Good luck, gentlemen.
Operator: Troy Jensen, Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Troy Jensen: Yeah. Thanks for sneaking me in. I’ve got a quick question for Karl and Manny, and I do have a follow-up to this. When you guys talked about security, you talked about really baking off against Cisco, Juniper and some Check Point. Did I hear you guys call Palo Alto, I understand they’re more enterprise, you guys are more data center. Given you’re layer 4 you can look at high levels of streams. Can you move downstream to get it more of the enterprise business and compete more where Palo Alto is competing today?
Manny Rivelo: This is Manny. Troy, so let me start off by kind of explaining a little bit the used case that we go after. It’s a little different than the used case of Palo Alto, predominantly it goes after. The used case that we provide a lot of value today and that doesn’t mean we’re not going to expand the portfolio. But today it’s really an inbound firewall and what I mean by that is a firewall that’s defending a set of web-based applications and inbound traffic, users from the Internet are coming in to a business trying to access that application. In that type of environment, what we’re trying to do is provide layer 3 through layer 7 controls. Protect those web applications should beat after-tax application vulnerabilities et cetera. And we are protecting those applications, which are very well defined from millions if not tens of millions or potentially billions of users trying to access those applications. In that situation, our firewall capability not only is much more extensible but also provides deeper visibility, inspection and extensibility to anybody else out there. The Palo Alto used case does not scale. They stop at about 40-gig from a performance characteristics point of view. We start and keep on going beyond that. So it’s not an equal comparison in the inbound side on the -- what Palo Alto does really well is provide firewall capabilities for an enterprise when an enterprise is trying to access outside to the Internet-based applications. In that situation today, we’re not bringing to market yet a solution.
Troy Jensen: Have you guys talked about a timeline for outbound traffic?
John McAdam: No. We haven’t, Troy. And it’s not eminent either just so we’re clear.
Troy Jensen: Okay. Perfect. And how about quickly for Karl. So when I think about SS7 signaling, I guess I think about Telco core versus data centre deployments and I may be wrong. So correct me if I’m, but is Traffix platform going to fit in a different spot at the network than BIG-IP or are we just talking about absorbing some of the 4G signaling into just the data centre piece of signaling?
Karl Triebes: Well, I mean that the strength of the Traffix platform is its ability to support all the legacy interfaces and SS7 being one of those. So I don’t see why it would sit anyplace different than perhaps where BIG-IP sits in the network. But it’s distinctly different in what we can do with the BIG-IP today, because with the BIG-IP we can scale Diameter, we can connect multiple endpoints, do things like that and scale that traffic, but it’s not per se a full Diameter router with all the very flexible legacy support that the Traffix product has.
Troy Jensen: So if an operators adopting Diameter routing, they would need your products in the data centre but they would need other things also, kind of, in the core of the network?
Karl Triebes: In terms of for Diameter, no. I mean we should be able to provide the full Diameter routing capabilities right now.
Troy Jensen: End-to-end signaling for 4G?
Karl Triebes: End-to-end, yeah.
Troy Jensen: Perfect. Thanks guys, keep the good work.
Karl Triebes: Okay.
John Eldridge: Karl, this is John Eldridge. We’ll take one more question and then end the call.
Operator: Thank you. Rod Hall, JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Rajat Gupta: Well, hi, this is Rajat Gupta from Rod Hall’s team. I was just wondering if you could comment on FQ4 seasonality. Do you expect that to be similar to prior years? And also if you could comment on the linearity of FQ2 ‘11 used in your core business?
John McAdam: Sorry, just to be clear, did you say Q4?
Rajat Gupta: Yeah. FQ4 seasonality and the linearity in FQ2.
John McAdam: Yeah. I mean we will give fairly granular guidance for Q4, but we won’t do that until after this current quarter Q3 is complete. Typically, it’s a very strong quarter, but we’ll wait till the next call to talk about the details of that.
Rajat Gupta: Okay. Also could you comment on the linearity of your revenues this quarter and compared to what it was last year and also what kind of visibility do you see this year than you had seen 90 days earlier?
Andy Reinland: Yeah. So the linearity this quarter was actually better than a year ago. I mean the third month being a little bit above 50%. And as far as our visibility, John talked earlier about evaluating our pipeline and looking at the deals and we feel really good about our visibility right now. Deal-by-deal going through it, talking with sales management and definitely on a quarterly basis and even six months out we feel pretty good.
Rajat Gupta: Okay. Thank you.
John Eldridge: Okay. Thank you very much. We look forward to meeting with many of you during the quarter and to talking with you on next quarter’s conference call. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-01-18 16:30:00) =====
Executives: John Eldridge - Director of Investor Relations John McAdam - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Andrew Reinland – SVP and CFO Mark Anderson - Senior Vice President of Worldwide Sales Dan Matte - Senior Vice President Of Marketing & Business Development Karl D. Triebes - Chief Technology Officer and Senior Vice President of Product Manuel Rivelo - Senior Vice President of Security and Strategic Solutions
Analysts: Paul Silverstein - Credit Suisse Tal Liani - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Alex Kurtz - Sterne Agee Ryan Hutchinson - Lazard Sanjiv Wadhwani from Stifel & Nicolaus Alex Henderson - Miller Tabak Brent A. Bracelin - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc. Bill Choi - Janney Montgomery Scott Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray Jeff Kvaal - Barclays Capital Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets Simon Leopold - Morgan Keegan Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank Prianka Chopra - Bush Securities
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the F5 First Quarter financial results conference call. (Operator instructions.) I’d now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Sir you may begin.
John Eldridge: Thanks operator and welcome to all of you to our conference call for FQ1 2012. Speakers on today’s call are John McAdam - President and CEO of F5, Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer. Other members of our exec team are also with us to answer questions following the prepared comments. If you have questions after today’s call please direct them to me at 206-272-6571. If you don’t have a copy of today’s press release it’s available on our website at www.F5.com. In addition, you can access an archived version of today’s live webcast from the Investor Relations Events Calendar page of our website through April 18. From 4:30 today until midnight Pacific Time January 19 you can also listen to a telephone replay at 800-219-6381 or 402-220-3807. During today’s call our discussion will contain forward-looking statements which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our quarterly release and described in detail in our SEC filings. Before we begin I also want to remind you that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. Now I’d like to turn the call over to Andy Reinland.
Andrew Reinland : Thank you John. For FQ1 2012 F5 achieved sequential revenue gains and solid year-over-year growth exceeding both revenue and earnings guidance. Revenue of $322.4 million which exceeded the high end of our $315 million to $320 million guided range grew 2.5% from the prior quarter and 20% year-over-year. GAAP EPS of $.83 per diluted share was above our guided range of $.79 to $.81. Excluding stock based compensation expense, Non-GAAP EPS of $1.03 per diluted share was also above our guided range of $.99 to $1.01. Product revenue of $196.6 million grew 15% year-over-year and represented 61% of total revenue. Service revenue of $125.9 million grew 29% year-over-year and accounted for 39% of total revenue. Book to bill for the quarter was greater than one. On a geographic basis all regions contributed to the company’s solid year-over-year growth. Accounting for 59% of the total, revenue from the Americas grew 20% from FQ1 2011. EMEA, which represented 21% of revenue grew 14% from Q1 of last year. APAC accounted for 14% of revenue and grew 28% year-over-year. And Japan contributed 6% of revenue, a 22% increase year-over-year. During Q1 our application delivery networking business contributed $316.9 million. This compares to $307.3 million in Q4 and $261.7 million in Q1 a year ago. Revenue from our ARX file virtualization business was $5.5 million compares to $7.3 million in Q4 and $7.2 million in Q1 of last year. Telco was our strongest vertical in Q1 representing 23% of total sales. Financial was 21%, technology 17% and government was 9% including US Federal which accounted for 4% of the total. In Q1 we had two greater than 10% distributors, Avnet which represented 17.9% of total revenue and Engro Micro which accounted for 13.7%. Driven by exceptional strength and software sales, our GAAP gross margin in Q1 was 82.8%. Excluding approximately $2.5 million of stock based compensation expense, non-GAAP gross margin was 83.5%. GAAP operating expenses of $167 million were above our target range of $161 million to $165 million. Excluding $19.6 million of stock based compensation expense, non-GAAP operating expenses were $147.5 million. GAAP operating margin was 30.9%. Our Non-GAAP operating margin, which excludes stock based compensation expense, was 37.8%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for Q1 was 34.6%. Excluding stock based compensation our Non-GAAP effective tax rate was 33.6%. Turning to the balance sheet. Cash flow from operations was $131.9 million contributing to total cash and investments of $1.1 billion at quarter end. Free cash flow for the quarter was $126 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $5.9 million and depreciation and amortization expense was $5.8 million. ESO at the end of Q1 was 52 days. Inventories were $17.5 million. Deferred revenue increased 11% sequentially to $380 million. We ended the quarter with approximately 2615 employees, an increase of 125 from the prior quarter. During Q1 we repurchased approximately 320,000 shares of our common stock at an average price of $107.65 per share for a total of $34 million. Approximately $332 million remains authorized under the current share repurchase program. Looking ahead to Q2, based on our solid year-over-year growth, the strength of our pipeline and the productivity of our sales organization, we believe F5 will continue to generate sequential revenue growth throughout fiscal 2012. We remain confident in achieving revenue growth of at least 20% for fiscal year 2012 and expect to see acceleration in year-over-year product revenue growth in the current quarter. Our revenue target for FQ2 of 2012 is $332 million to $337 million. We expect GAAP gross margin in the 82% to 83% range; including approximately $2.5 million of stock based compensation expense. We anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of $170.5 million to $174.5 million. This includes approximately $20.5 million of stock based compensation expense. Our GAAP EPS target is $.84 to $.86 per diluted share. Excluding stock compensation our non-GAAP EPS target is $1.05 to $1.07 per diluted share. We are forecasting an effective tax rate of 35%. Excluding stock based compensation we expect a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 33.5%. We plan to increase our head count by more than 125 employees in the current quarter. We estimate our DSO will be in the upper 40-day range. We expect inventory levels within a range of $19 million to $21 million. And we believe our cash flow from operations will be in excess of $100 million reflecting a large sequential increase in our federal tax payments as is customary in our FQ2. With that I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
John McAdam: Thanks Andy and good afternoon everyone. I was very pleased with our Q1 results, which have given us a sold start to fiscal 2012. All major regions may have to exceed our internal sales forecast. From a sales perspective, North America produced solid year-over-year growth. Our relatively weak performance in our federal business was more than compensated for by strong performances in both our North American enterprise and service provider businesses. I was also pleased with our results in APAC and EMEA and especially in Japan where we continue to see improvement in deal sizes and the current penetration. Our services business had another excellent quarter exceeding both revenue and profit goals as well as coercing a very significant increase in deferred revenue of approximately $37 million. Sales of the new mid-range VIPRION 2400 products were very strong in the quarter and sales from the entire VIPRION family almost tripled from a year ago. The combination of VIPRION sales and the increase in our software module attach rate have been major factors in obtaining deal sizes at record levels. TMOS Version 11 continues to gain traction with a lot of interest in features like VCMP for multiple software licenses and IOPS for application optimization and deployment. The IOP functionality in V11 is proving to be very popular with our customers. Especially for those deploying Microsoft’s Exchange and SharePoint applications. One example of the IOPS is a customer who prior to the introduction of IOPs needed a full week to set up an exchange environment within the network. By using an IOP the same customer has now reduced the set-up time to only five minutes. IOPs give our customers the ability to access the sole capabilities in part of our products which we believe will generate additional deployment and sales opportunities. We also opened a second technology center in London during the quarter to compliment our facility in Seattle. F5 Technology centers enable our customers and perspective customers to see how F5’s products will operate in their own networking environment. I’m very pleased with the number of customer engagements that have already occurred at the London technology center and I believe this is a great showcase for (inaudible) and effectiveness of our solutions. IOPs are the most frequently requested demo from people visiting the technology centers. In addition to the growth we have enjoyed with our hardware based solutions I’m also very pleased with the sales of software only virtualizations of our products, which have increased 149% year-over-year. F5 has introduced the most comprehensive set of virtual product additions in the market and I believe this has enabled us to significantly expand our addressable market and offer new and exciting capabilities to our customer base. We also saw strong field momentum with our security products in the quarter. Our application firewall solution, the ASM module, had its best ever quarter and we also experienced good sequential growth with our Edge Gateway and APM access solutions. We achieved some important milestones with our security strategy last quarter including ICSE network firewalls application for TMOS Version 11. F5 was also positioned in the leaders quadroon of Gartner’s Magic quadrant for SSLVPNs. You may also have seen our recent press release announcing that our big AP edge client has the industries’ first SSLVPN solution that provides comprehensive security and mobile access for all devices running Android 4.X operating systems. F53 downloadable client enhances more values of productivity by providing accelerated client access to corporate resources via a full SSLVPN connection. We have already announced similar functionality for the Apple IOS iPhone environment. TMOS Version 11.1 was released in the quarter and included a number of features specifically designed for the security market under Telco and service provider customers. Version 11.1 also included a trial version of our VPI functionality. Over the next few quarters we will be expanding these features to include full VPI capability, advanced Telco oriented iRules, DNS cashing and other features requested by our Telco and service provider customers. Upcoming product releases includes the new Senator Blade for the VIPRION 4400 platform which will double the performance of the current high-end PB200 VIPRION blades. We believe this new platform will be the highest performing ADC currently available. An eight-slot version of this platform is expected later in the year and will double the performance of the Senator Blade platform. As we mentioned at the analyst and investor meeting in November, we will start to refresh all our 1U and 2U appliances this year leveraging the technology that was developed for the VIPRION 2400. With our virtual addition we now support Xen and Hyper-V hyper visors. All our software modules will be supported as virtual additions this year and we are continuing to develop new features for our centralized management system to better support application scalability and cloud environments and virtualize data centers. Finally towards the end of the calendar year we expect to deliver significant new security capabilities with our Topaz project, including a network firewall, protocol protection and enhanced D-DOS and application security. F5 solutions are being used more and more in data centers throughout the world as strategic control points to secure and optimize mission critical applications. With our expanding addressable market in areas like security and service providers, we intend to continue to aggressively invest in our sales resources, services business and our development facilities. As far as the outlook is concerned Andy indicated that we expect to see continued sequential growth in the current quarter. As we mentioned at the start of the year, one of our important financial objectives is to deliver accelerating product revenue growth. Assuming no major change in the micro-economic environment, we expect to deliver product revenue growth acceleration in this coming quarter. We also continue to target year-over-year total revenue growth of at least 20% in fiscal 2012. Our current tight line of business is very strong and with our technology leadership position we enjoy world class competitive win rates in all our major markets. As I mentioned earlier, we believe that TMOS V11 and new products like the VIPRION 2400 will continue to be a key goal driver throughout fiscal 2012. The F5 team should be proud of the great start we’ve made in fiscal 2012. I’d like to take this opportunity to thank the entire F5 team and our partners and look forward to the continued support for the year. So with that we’ll now hand the call over for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. (Operator Instructions.) Our first question is from Paul Silverstein, Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Paul Silverstein - Credit Suisse: Thanks. John and Andy can you talk about visibility and linearity in the quarter and how your visibility looks today compared to perhaps 90 days ago?
Andrew Reinland : Yeah. I think it’s very comparable to 90 days ago. We usually talk about for the current quarter, you know, we get down to the deal level and we think we have good visibility on that. And then even six months or two quarters out we still think the visibility’s pretty good. So I don’t think it’s changed much.
John McAdams: And the seasonality was pretty normal for Q1 as well. There was nothing extraordinary there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tal Liana, Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Your line is open
Tal Liani - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Good quarter. I want to ask about deferred revenues. Deferred revenues went up pretty nicely year-over-year and sequentially. Can you elaborate on what’s behind it? Is it mainly service renewal timing? Is it seasonal or did you see also growth beyond seasonality? Thanks.
John McAdams: Yes the deferred revenue, the end of this quarter, the end of the calendar year so we do see a large bookings quarter every Q1 going back over time. But this was a very good quarter. No exceptional deals in there, just keep chasing every piece of renewal business down that there is.
John Eldridge : Yeah and it is almost all maintenance contracts.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Alex Kurtz, Sterne Agee. Your line is open.
Allen Kurst – Sterne Agee: So as the 2400 gets more traction next couple of quarters here, how should we think about transaction size and gross margin profile and how that sort of impacts the rest of the product line?
John McAdams: We’re not indicating that we expect to see a better gross margin profile. But we’ll see. And the reason I say that is that obviously with the VIPRION 2400 there is much more opportunity to add software solutions. First of all BCMP, which is new which has got license associated with it, I mentioned in my introduction that we’re seeing a strong interest in that. So by definition there we’re going to see more software on the 2400 platform And then the factor is performance functionality, which leads us to believe there will be more module attachments. Because that’s what we started to see last quarter. But we’re not giving any numbers out on that. We just think it’s certainly going to be a good trend.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Ryan Hutchinson, Lazard. Your line is open.
Ryan Hutchinson - Lazard : So I guess my question’s on Telco. Clearly you indicated strength there. I know you touched on it, John, with respect to the demand there. But maybe if you could flush that out. And with respect to Version 11 is the new opportunity starting to hit stride there? You talked about it at the analyst day; you gave us some evidence of lab trials. I think what the investment community is really trying to get their arms around is with respect to that 20% growth target and how much of that is related to mobile being a piece of that. And really your ability to physically sit behind Evolve Pack Core or the GSN etcetera over time and then evolve the business from where you are today to potentially where you’re going. I think just any commentary across the board with respect to that strategy would be very helpful. I know it’s been asked several times over the last several calls but never really answered in a definitive way and I think that’s really what’s key to people’s understanding of why you guys grow in a lot of respects to what people believe is saturated market. Thank you.
John McAdams : Yeah I think we’ve always done that but maybe it’s not been so clear. First of all as data increases within the service provider networks, pure data then obviously LTE will increase that dramatically and clearly more data’s increasing it dramatically as well. As that increases our potential for optimization increases dramatically. So that is a core key driver for us. And the other thing to think about our business is that, and I think we said this before as well, we don’t tend to be looked upon as the plumbing that’s put in as networks are being built. We do get involved in that architecture however as the data’s increasing and the complexities increasing and there’s more need to mass size that data, to monetize it, that’s when our products really come into the ruin. And clearly VIPRION, the chassis has been very, very popular there. And then the other area is within the service provider space and maybe Karl you can call on it, like firewall has been very strong as well.
Karl Triebes: Yeah I mean one of the big benefits of the VIPRION is we’re able to consolidate a lot of features and functionality. And one of the things that we’ve been asked by a lot of the surf providers to date is enhancing our firewall capabilities. And this includes having performance, having some very fundamental things like a better rule space language and management functionality behind that. And that’s what we talked about at the analyst day. And that continues to progress. There’s a lot of other things too. You know the other piece is iRules and we get involved a lot with helping scale various parts of their infrastructure including things such as diameter or SIP or some of the other protocols that are running there. We also get called upon to do things like traffic steering. And traffic steering is based upon content and connections. And so VIPRION’s really good at that and our infrastructure’s very good at that. And with the performance, you know, it’s just a natural thing to be placing behind either the PGW or the GGSN and their infrastructure.
Mark Anderson: You know we talked in November at the analyst meeting about the major use cases for Telco and these are just priorities for these guys. They’re delaying spending on a lot of other places, obviously investing in LPE around the world. But these use cases are priorities because it’s allowing a much more optimized use of their infrastructure to process the dramatic growth and data.
Operator: Thank you. Sanjiv Wadhwani from Stifel & Nicolaus, your line is open.
Sanjiv Wadhwani - Stifel & Nicolaus : Just curious in talking about acceleration and product growth in Q2; are you seeing that specifically in your pipelines or is this sort of really the extension of the 2400 continuing to gain more and more traction?
John McAdams : Well it’s (inaudible) so we expect the 2400 to gain more and more attraction. We expect version 11 to gain more and more traction as we do with verticals like security solutions as well. But that is based upon a bigger pipeline. I mentioned our pipeline is very strong at the moment. I think we’ve taken an appropriately cautious view of the cause rates and the fact of the pipeline, you know, given the potential risks in the economy. But the pipeline is extremely strong right now.
Operator: Thank you. Alex Henderson with Miller Tabak, your line is open.
Alex Henderson – Miller Tabak: I was hoping we could talk a little bit more about the security piece of your business. Obviously you’ve been making a lot of investments there and doing a lot of work in that segment. It also seems quite clear that the technology is moving up the stack from the packet layer up into the application layer where your skill sets are uniquely qualified. Can you talk a little bit about the context around application management within the virtualization layer and how that impacts, how you set those up relative to those same parameters being utilized within the context of the security management process and if there’s anyway to integrate across those two features.
Dan Matte : So a couple different angles to that. You know one is that you’re absolutely right; the desire for security functionality is traveling up the stacks so people want more understanding of context. Not only who the user is, where they’re coming from, which application they’re accessing and what security policies are applicable for that particular application in that scenario. I think we’re pretty uniquely positioned to be able to deliver on that. One because the number of application level decisions per second to achieve that is very, very high and that plays right into our wheel house. And then to follow on into the virtual conversation and portion of your question; as these applications begin to travel around within people’s networks and data centers, it becomes important to have those policies follow them. And so what we’re up to is absolutely having a way for our functionality to follow this application and be paired with them so that those policies do work out. And really in terms of what we’re up to and sort of the permission that we have from our customers, they see that security portion of what we do is just a natural extension of our abilities and things that we offer them. So they’re looking for us to provide those solutions. So sort of beginning endings in terms of having stuff traveling around and being paired up on the virtual front. But you can expect to see much more from us in that area.
Operator: Thank you. Brent Bracelin, Pacific Crest, your line is open.
Brent A. Bracelin - Pacific Crest Securities: I wanted to actually ask a follow up around VIPRION sales tripled here year-over-year. I’m trying to understand what’s driving a mixed shift to chassis versus appliance. Are customers pulling you into new application environments that need a more faster, higher throughput and box? Is it just the 1u, 2u appliances are a bit stale and when that refresh happens you expect to see a more balanced view? Help us understand what’s driving the VIPRION momentum and if there’s a bigger trend going on that can explain why that business is tripling for you versus the traditional appliance business.
Karl Triebes: Part of it is the surf provider business obviously. As they’re scaling their infrastructure that’s putting increasing demand, as John mentioned in his script for the VIPRION placement. And if we penetrate more into those accounts we’re also doing more advanced things in terms of how we may- doing- working with traffic, providing security features and functionality and other things. And so that just puts more demand on capacity. And so I think part of it’s that. I think parts are supports fro BC&P and some are other functionalities around IOPs because we’re able to slice up their infrastructure and you know build a variety of different virtuals with big IP. And so that’s attractive because you can reduce the numbers of clients you have to put around there. And then also just to note, our revenue grew both for the 2400 and the 4400; it wasn’t just one or the other. So that encompasses both when we talk about VIPRION. But really it’s traffic. It’s also security and other applications are getting attached and I think Telco probably.
John McAdams : And also, not to miss that massive price performance increase. So you know the actual price performance is dramatic as to where the 2400 sale versus the existing range of products.
Operator: Bill Choi, Janney Montgomery Scott, your line is open.
Bill Choi - Janney Montgomery Scott: Continued growth in gross margins over the past several quarters, you know, fairly impressive particularly concerning the product revenue decline. I wonder if you could kind of rank order what’s driving some of the gross margin expansion. You obviously have a virtual addition, which is going to be very high gross margins. You talk about higher attach rates with the module and form factor. I forget which quarter it was but somewhere in the past you guys talked about 30% attach rate. If you could update that and whatever else might be really moving this gross margin forward.
John McAdams : You really answered the question there during the question in that software attach rate is significant. There’s no question about it. And the fact that we’ve got more pair within the hardware solutions to add more software. And you mentioned VCMP, which is obviously really taking up by the customers. And then the virtual edition as well when we talked about the growth, the year-over-year growth in that. So there’s no question that there’s been a makeshift in terms of software that helped our gross margin.
Operator: Troy Jensen, Piper Jaffray, your line is open.
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: Congrats on the nice quarter gentlemen. Follow up on the 2400 here. So could you talk about- I guess I’d be curious to know if lead time’s extended throughout the quarter and if you’re entering Q2 with more backlog for that product then maybe you thought? And can you give a sense for how much of the sales of 2400 are into Telco versus the new products?
Karl Triebes: So to your question about lead times, I don’t think our lead times for any of our platforms extended during the quarter at all. And I actually don’t know the answer to the make up of the backlog but I don’t think it’s anything different than normal to highlight there.
John McAdams : Yeah I think the 2400 is similar to the regular product line in terms of the ability to ship it. In terms of Telco versus enterprise, I’m not sure we’ve got that data. Typically in the service provider space the 4400, the high one, has been more popular. But that’s more- I mean I don’t have the data behind that. So most of the 2400 is probably swaying towards security, swaying towards the enterprise at the moment. And that’s something we’ll maybe check for the next call.
Operator: Thank you. Jeff Kvaal, Barclays Capital, your line is open.
Jeff Kvaal - Barclays Capital : I was wondering if we could delve into visibility into a couple of the areas that we have all had some concern about given the headline. How comfortable are you feeling with your visibility and pipeline in Europe? It sounds like Telco you feel fine. But then again also in federal. Thank you.
John McAdams : The visibility generally we feel good about. And if you look at the sheer volume and we look at the fact of the pipeline and we look at the close rates that we are applying to that, you know that feels good to us and we don’t see any red flag there at all. Federal of course the visibility there is not so good. But hoping it gets better as we go through the year but we did see delays in projects that we’ve already won, we know we’re going to get the business but the actual purchase order didn’t come out and federal was a little bit disappointing on that basis. So I think it’s too early to say the visibility in federal has jumped up completely but you know I would say the decline is it was only 4% of our business and I’m not quite sure where the bail went on the federal vertical but that’s what we’re seeing. The rest of the business we feel good. As Andy said, we always feel pretty good about our visibility on a quarterly basis with our fact of pipeline and our assumptions there and the forecasting mechanism that we’ve got with the sales force. We feel reasonable about our six-month profile in terms of the way the business is shaping up. And then it gets more cloudy as you go beyond the six months. In other words there’s no major change really in the visibility.
Operator: Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, your line is open.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: If you think about the year in total, what do you think would be the biggest contributor in terms of dollar value that gets you to 30% growth this year? Is it Telco, Security and then virtualization in that order? Or is it more confidence from coming from a big upgrade from your existing core customers?
John McAdams : You got me smiling again. So we basically have a goal of at least 20% growth for this fiscal year. I do believe actually that version 11, the core version 11 that we’ve done with the feature sets that we’ve got there, the trends in service provider in terms of the data, the acceptance that we’re now seeing our customers in terms of being a security player, I really think they’re going to play out this year. And they certainly played out in the quarter. So I think as we look back I think that’s what you’re going to see. You’re going to see strong 2400 with no real competition against it. I think that towards the end of the year as we refresh the low end we should see some opportunity there as well.
Operator: Thank you. Simon Leopold, Morgan Keegan, your line is open.
Simon Leopold - Morgan Keegan: I wanted to maybe follow on in terms of your growth outlook. Let’s go with the 20% or greater assumption. How much of that do you see driven by the market adjacencies? Particularly you’ve talked quite a bit about security, a little bit less about things like when optimization. But I’m trying to get my hands around how big those are in your assumptions as contributors to this growth rate.
John McAdams : I mean we don’t typically break out, for example, what we’ve done within the security space in the quarter. We did say that the application firewall revenues were the best ever. And we did say that we saw some good sequential growth in our access technology like APM and Edge Gateway, and they are significant. I mean they are non-trivial in terms of growth and as a percentage of the revenue that we do. But then you get into the subject of variant security. For we may be putting in a large 2400 installation to do as an application firewall that’s also doing one optimization and then also is doing application optimization. And that gets quite subjective in doing that. So that’s why we tend not to get specific numbers. But the ASN with security only type solutions, the access, you know, they’re very important.
Operator: The next question will be from Brian Modoff, Deutsche Bank, your line is open.
Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank: Okay John so let’s try that a different way. Let’s look at security side and the ASM module, what do you think your attach rate is with your installed base? And what do you think it can be over time in terms of the adoption? What feedback have you gotten from your client base with regard to your proposal on the application layer?
John McAdams : I mean you know Brian you know we don’t give out the attach rates specifics of our modules. But to give you an idea, if you look at the larger account base that we’ve got and you look at the geographies, ASM has been very, very strong in Europe, it’s becoming stronger and stronger in North America. The sales force and the AFC are becoming much more security savvy. You may have seen we hired a new person in the team, Manuel Rivelo, and that’s his goal is to push that security throughout the sales force and optimize the solutions. It’s pretty critical. But we don’t give the actual attach rate.
Andrew Reinland : But for certain priority for spending is going to security for a lot of these enterprise customers. And I think now more than ever our competitiveness in these different businesses has never been stronger. So feature parody or superiority is pretty clear across the board for us.
John McAdams : And just in closing, an obvious statement on security is that security is really becoming right to the forefront of our customers. So we’re really at the right time here in terms of the application solution that we have.
Manuel Rivelo: I’ll just add something to that John. This is Manny. What we’re seeing from the customer base across the board and we’ve seen a lot of examples of it this week just with the service attack and some of the breaches that have happened for the major corporations, application vulnerability is at an all time high. And all of our customers are seeing that. So the ASM module has become front and center for all of them. It’s industry-leading performance, capability, and as a result of that we’re seeing a lot of traction. It’s relatively new in the market in the sense that application firewalls are not well understood so there’s a market awareness also that’s occurring. But we’re seeing that at all major, major accounting we expect to have future success there.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Prianka Chopra with Bush Securities. Your line is open.
Prianka Chopra - Bush Securities : I wanted to ask you just quickly back to Telco. It was down sequentially and I just want to get a sense of what you saw the carriers doing or major service providers doing in the quarter. And when you talk about pipeline, John, being strong, does that mean that Telco is sort of rebounding in the upcoming quarter?
John McAdams : I’m not going to be specific to that. Let me just do the pipeline. Telco is very important to our pipeline, there’s no doubt about that. And we do see some really large projects out there. But by nature given that they’re large projects you can see some lumpiness. But the pipeline as we look forward in the service pipeline we feel very good about it. We think we’re definitely making progress in terms of identifying the solutions that we really bring to the market that are very, very core to the business of Telco’s. So that’s really important.
Andrew Reinland : And Roe we’ve talked in the past about for our business in particular the five that Q4 usually in the Telco space is seasonally down. So if you look at the last two Q1s for us, it was 21% and 21%. So actually the sequential down is in line with our expectations but a better quarter then we historically seen Q4.
John Eldridge : Thank you very much. We look forward to seeing all of you at some point out on the road in the next quarter or two. And we appreciate you joining us for today’s call.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-10-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives:  John Eldridge – Head, IR Andrew Reinland – SVP and CFO John McAdam – President and CEO Dan Matte – SVP, Marketing and Business Development Karl Triebes – CTO and SVP, Product Development Mark Anderson – SVP, Worldwide Sales
Analysts:  Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer John Slack – Citigroup Rod Hall – JP Morgan Brian Modoff – Deutsche Bank Alex Henderson – Miller Tabak Brian Marshall – ISI Group Jason Ader – William Blair Tim Long – BMO Capital Markets Jayson Noland – Robert W Baird 
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the F5 fourth quarter and fiscal 2011 financial results conference call. At this time, all parties will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion. Today’s conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Eldridge: Thank you very much and welcome all of you to our conference call for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2011. Speakers on today’s call are John McAdam, President and CEO; and Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer. Other members of our exec team are also with us to answer questions following our prepared comments. If you have any follow-up questions after the call, please direct them to me 206-272-6571. A copy of today’s press release is available on our website at F5.com. In addition, you can access an archived version of today’s live webcast from the Events Calendar page of the website through January 18. From 4:30 PM today until 5:00 PM Pacific Time, October 26, you can also listen to a telephone replay at 888-568-0521 or 402-998-1495. During the call today, our discussions will make forward-looking statements including words such as believe, anticipate, expect, and target. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these comments. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our quarterly release, described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. Before we begin the call today, I want to remind you that we are holding our 2011 analyst/investor meeting in New York on November 3. If you’re planning to attend the meeting and have not registered, you can register online at the link on our Events Calendar entry for November 3. We look forward to the prospect of seeing you all there. Now I’ll turn the call over to Andy Reinland.
Andrew Reinland: Thank you, John. Fiscal year 2011 represents a landmark year for F5, as we surpassed the $1 billion threshold in annual revenue, posted 31% year-over-year growth, and ended the year with just under 2,500 employees. In my comments, I will review our results for our fourth quarter and for fiscal 2011. I will provide guidance for Q1 2012 and discuss our general planning assumptions and expectations for fiscal 2012. For the fourth quarter of 2011, revenue of $314.6 million was above our guided range of $307 million to $312 million, growing 8% from the prior quarter and 24% from the fourth quarter a year ago. Book-to-bill for the quarter was greater than one. Q4 product revenue of $197.4 million was up 10% from the prior quarter, 20% from the fourth quarter of last year, and represented 63% of revenue. Service revenue of $117.2 million increased 5% sequentially, 31% year over year, and accounted for 37% of revenue. Revenue from our core application delivery networking business was $307.3 million compared to $282.5 million in Q3. ARX revenue was $7.3 million, down from $8.3 million in the prior quarter. By geography, the Americas grew 25% year over year and represented 60% of revenue. EMEA grew 14% year over year, accounting for 20% of revenue. And APAC and Japan each grew 32% from a year ago, representing 13% and 7% of revenue respectively. By vertical, telco represented 26% of sales during the quarter, and technology and financial each accounted for 19%. Total government was 12% of sales, including 7% from U.S. federal. During Q4, we had two greater than 10% distributors: Avnet Technologies, which accounted for 17.8% of total revenue; and Ingram Micro, which represented 12.3% Continuing down the income statement, GAAP gross margin in Q4 was 82.2%. Excluding $2.6 million of stock-based compensation, non-GAAP gross margin was 83%. Operating expenses were $159.4 million. Excluding $19.6 million of stock-based compensation, non-GAAP operating expenses were $139.8 million. GAAP operating margin was 31.6%. Excluding stock-based compensation, our non-GAAP operating margin was 38.6%. Other income for the quarter was $4.1 million. This includes a $1.9 million foreign currency gain that was recognized during the quarter. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 34.6%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 32.1%. GAAP net income for the quarter was $67.6 million or $0.84 per diluted share, above our guided range of $0.75 to $0.77. Non-GAAP net income was $85.2 million or $1.06 per diluted share, also above our guided range of $0.97 to $0.99. For the full year, revenue for fiscal 2011 was $1.15 billion, up 31% from fiscal 2010. Product revenue of $722 million was up 29% from the prior year and accounted for 63% of total revenue. Service revenue of $430 million grew 34% during the year and represented 37% of the total. GAAP net income for fiscal 2011 was $241.4 million or $2.96 per diluted share. Non-GAAP net income was $308.3 million or $3.78 per diluted share. Turning to the balance sheet, in Q4 we generated $121.5 million in cash flow from operations, which contributed to cash and investments totaling $1.01 billion at year end. For all of fiscal 2011, cash flow from operations totaled $416.9 million. DSO was 47 days. Inventory at the end of the quarter was $17.1 million. Deferred revenue increased 7% sequentially to $343.3 million. Capital expenditures for the fourth quarter were $9.9 million, and depreciation and amortization expense was $5.2 million. During the quarter we added 140 employees, ending the year with approximately 2,490 full-time employees. For the fiscal year, we added 480 employees, an increase of 24%. In Q4 we repurchased approximately 1.91 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $78.37 per share, for a total of $150 million. The Board of Directors recently authorized an additional $200 million for repurchase. Combined with the $166 million remaining from the Board authorization in August, a total of $366 million is available for stock repurchase. Now I would like to discuss our guidance for the first quarter of fiscal 2012. As noted on several occasions this past year, we recognize that as we continue to grow the company, our sales exhibit the same first quarter fiscal year seasonality characteristic of many industry peers. This seasonality is reflected in our Q1 quarterly guidance. Factoring in the expected seasonality of our new fiscal year, we are targeting revenue in a range of $315 million to $320 million. We are forecasting GAAP gross margins of 82% plus or minus 50 basis points, which includes approximately $2.5 million of stock-based compensation expense. We anticipate GAAP operating expense of $161 million to $165 million, including approximately $20 million in stock compensation expense. We are forecasting an effective tax rate of 35% for the quarter. Excluding stock based compensation, we expect a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 33.5%. Our Q1 GAAP earnings target is $0.79 to $0.81 per share. Our non-GAAP earnings target is $0.99 to $1.01 per share. We expect DSO in the mid-40 day range. We anticipate inventories in the range of $16 million to $18 million. We plan to increase our head count by more than 100 employees during the quarter. And we believe we will generate cash flow from operations in excess of $130 million. Now I would like to provide some general comments and guidelines related to our expectations for fiscal 2012. Please note that these planning guidelines are based on the current business climate and we see no significant deterioration in the macroeconomic environment. With this in mind, we expect to see sequential revenue growth throughout the year. We expect to see a return to product revenue growth acceleration in Q2, and we expect total revenue growth of at least 20% over fiscal 2011. We expect to see gross margins consistent with our Q1 guidance of 82% plus or minus 50 basis points through the year. We are targeting non-GAAP operating margins for the year to be at or around 38%. In light of the aforementioned revenue seasonality, operating margins will likely exhibit some seasonality as well as we continue to invest into our robust market opportunity. As such, operating margins may be seasonally lower in Q1. We expect stock-based compensation expense to approximate Q1 levels until our next annual grant in August. Capital expenditures are expected to be $6 million to $12 million per quarter, with some quarter-to-quarter variability related to timing of certain infrastructure investments. And we expect our effective tax rates to average approximately 35% on a GAAP basis and 33.5% on a non-GAAP basis throughout the year. As John mentioned, we will be holding our analyst/investor meeting in New York on November 3. We look forward to seeing you there. With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
John McAdam: Thanks, Andy, and good afternoon everyone. I will take a few minutes to discuss F5’s performance in fiscal 2011, talk in more detail about our Q4 results, and then comment on our outlook and the exciting opportunities we see going into fiscal 2012. F5 surpassed a very significant milestone last year with over $1 billion in revenue. We closed the year well above the $1 billion run rate, with revenue of $314.6 million in Q4. We further increased our technology leadership and competitive positions with several product releases in the second half of fiscal 2011, which we believe will be strong growth drivers as we enter fiscal 2012. The revolutionary VIPRION 2400 midrange chassis-based architecture combined with the introduction of TMOS Version 11 will prove to be key components in enabling large-scale dynamic data centers with virtualization technologies and cloud-based architectures. We now have the most comprehensive portfolio of software-only versions of our TMOS solutions as well as the industry-leading range of hardware products delivering both superior performance and functionality. During fiscal 2011, we made significant enhancements to our ARX product portfolio. We announced the ERX Cloud Extender, which enables data flow automatically, securely, and non-disruptively from file-based storage platforms to cloud-based storage architectures. We also added a new virtual ARX appliance during the year. And last quarter we introduced two new ARX platforms, the ARX 1500 and 2500 appliances. These new platforms offer compelling performance capabilities at very attractive price points. We made significant progress in increasing our addressable market by delivering solutions to our core ADC platform in adjacent markets, including remote access control, optimization, and security. I will talk more about these future market expanding opportunities later when I review our prospects for fiscal 2012. In addition, we continued to generate significant revenues from our partnerships with large application solution suppliers, including Microsoft, Oracle, and VMware, where the ability of our products to optimize the performance, security, and availability of mission-critical business applications is unparalleled. The new features in TMOS Version 11 should strengthen these partnerships even further and increase the number and range of opportunities for our products in the deployment of these applications. For example, our new ground-breaking iApp technology simplifies deployment of applications, enabling 10 to 100 times faster application delivery through the network. Customers will not only enjoy a compelling ROI from the iApp functionality, but will now also be able to manage dynamic data center architectures through the lens of the application. This opens the power of TMOS and F5 solutions to more groups within our customer organizations and enhances the value of F5 strategic points of control in our customers’ architectures. Our services business delivered strong performance consistently throughout fiscal 2011 and continued to be a significant profit and revenue growth contributor while maintaining customer satisfaction at world-class levels. We ended the fiscal year with a stellar balance sheet with over $1 billion in cash and investments, having repurchased approximately $272 million of common stock during fiscal 2011. Our overall year-over-year revenue growth was 31%, including 29% year-over-year growth from product sales and 34% growth from our services business. We also increased our profitability during 2011, achieving a record non-GAAP operating margin of 38% for the full year. We accomplished this while investing significantly in additional head count, increasing our total net head count by approximately 480 employees, ending the year with just under 2,500 employees. We are also very proud to have been included in the S&P 500 and the NASDAQ 100 during fiscal 2011. As far as Q4 is concerned, I am very pleased with our results, including year-over-year revenue growth of 24% and 10% sequential product growth. From a geographic perspective, North America was the star of the quarter, driven by large multimillion dollar ADC project wins and strong performance in the service provider market. Sales bookings were strong across all the other major regions and met or exceeded our internal forecast. Overall, our Q4 financial performance was very strong. Quarterly free cash flow of almost $112 million was a record for the company, and our non-GAAP operating margins of almost 38.6% exceeded our internal targets. Our services business delivered yet another solid quarter. Deferred revenue continued to grow last quarter, with a balance of $343 million moving into fiscal 2012. Q4 was the first full quarter of shipments of our midrange VIPRION 2400. The customer adoption of the 2400 has been fantastic, with shipments in Q4 well above our internal expectations. We also saw strong demand for our high-end VIPRION 4400, particularly in the service provider market. Also, the customer reaction to our Q4 release of (TMOS) Version 11 has been excellent. Functionality on iApp and true Virtual Clustered Multiprocessing are real game-changers in the industry. As far as the outlook is concerned, it’s appropriate to be cautious about the global economic situation, and we remain committed to strong profitability. Clearly, there are numerous uncertainties present in the overall economy as we enter fiscal 2012. Obviously, as the current macroeconomic conditions weaken, then overall global IT spending could be reduced. Andy provided our projected revenue range as well as some other high level expectations for fiscal 2012. As I mentioned several times during last year, we should expect to see seasonality in our business during Q1. This first quarter seasonality, which is normal in the technology market and is in line with our peers, is reflected in our guidance. One of the most important financial objectives in fiscal 2012 is to deliver accelerating product revenue growth. Assuming no major change in the macroeconomic environment, we would expect to see our product revenue growth begin to accelerate in Q2. We also currently expect to achieve overall year-over-year total revenue growth of at least 20%. I remain very optimistic of the future of F5 as we enter fiscal 2012. We continue to enjoy a very strong competitive position. I am particularly excited about the opportunities we have with our new products such as TMOS Version 11 and the VIPRION 2400 as well as upcoming new products and features on our 2012 product roadmap. We will present our roadmap in detail at our upcoming analyst/investor meeting scheduled for early November. I have asserted many times in the past that F5 enjoys the position of being in the sweet spot of business and industry trends. Data center consolidation using virtualization technologies, cloud computing architectures, and the continued explosive growth of mobile applications and data are all industry trends which continue to be significant growth drivers for F5 solutions. We expect to see healthy growth from our core ADC market solutions as well as incremental opportunities as we continue our success in expanding market areas such as service providers and the security market. As I mentioned in last quarter’s conference call, F5’s market leading and award winning application firewall solution, the Application Security Manager, or ASM, is becoming increasingly vital to customers as attacks on their IT infrastructure have become significantly more sophisticated, targeting not only the network but the applications directly. ESM coupled with the core capabilities of TMOS allow our customers to block this new generation of sophisticated hacker exploits. We have major Fortune 500 customers replacing traditional network firewalls entirely with BIG-IP. Along with the significant additional security and functionality in TMOS Version 11, our short-term product roadmap includes additional classification, enhanced network firewall capabilities, and broader application protection that should further accelerate the opportunity to expand our presence in the security market. We believe this opportunity coupled with our strategic footprint in the data center will significantly expand the addressable market in fiscal year 2012 and beyond. We will also continue to aggressively invest in our sales resources to expand into new and existing geographic regions as well as investing in key vertical market opportunities. The F5 team should be proud of our progress in the company during fiscal 2011. I would like to take this opportunity to thank the entire F5 team and our partners for their tremendous efforts last year, and I look forward to continued support in fiscal 2012. And with that, we will now hand the call over for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Ittai Kidron from Oppenheimer.
Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer: Thank you very much and congratulations, guys, on a great quarter and great guide for 2012. John, given the good results, I’m not going to beat you up on ARX anymore, I promise that. But maybe you can give us a little bit more color into your thought process into 2012. Last year when you were at this time, you provided a comment of growth from quarter to quarter, but you didn’t – was it maybe brave or stupid? I guess it depends on who you ask, and it’s all in retrospect, but giving guidance for the full year as far as growth. And today with, I would say, the environment being a little bit more inconsistent or unknown, you actually feel comfortable giving us a full-year guide for 2012. So what is it that’s different today versus a year ago? And Andy, maybe you can comment on the linearity in the quarter. And why should we not be concerned that what happened a year ago, where you had some salespeople pulling a lot of stuff in into September, is not happening this time around? How do you have control over that this time around?
John McAdam: All right. That was a pretty big question, the first one for me. So first of all, let me give you the caveats once more that we read out, which is in terms of the annual growth guidance that we’ve given. That is absolutely based on the macro economy staying in the same condition. If it deteriorates, by definition we will have issues there, so there’s no question about that. But if it stays in the same – and we have no reason to think it will change apart from watching television and listening to the news. In terms of our pipeline metrics, they look very strong. In terms of looking forward to the year, it’s very straightforward for us. The number one priority from a financial perspective is to reaccelerate product revenue growth. And as I said, we believe we can do that in Q2. We’ve looked at the sales productivity. We’ve looked at our pipeline, and we think we have a good handle on that. Obviously, areas like ADC and the VIPRION 2400 and TMOS 11 are big deals for us moving into the year as well as well as the expanding market scenarios with areas like service provider and security. So that’s a quick summary. It’s really what I said in the script, but it’s a quick summary of the question.
Andrew Reinland: And then, Ittai, in terms of the current quarter, I think we have much more confidence that we see and understand the seasonality of the business where maybe a year ago we didn’t see it quite as clearly, especially coming out of the recession in 2008 and 2009. We’re much clearer on that now. And as we go through our management, sales management meetings, analyzing our factored pipeline, the assumptions we put to our close rates, it’s with that knowledge that we set this guidance. And I think we feel very confident that this is guidance we can meet and, as we say, hopefully beat, but feel strongly it’s good guidance for the quarter.
Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer: Can you comment on the linearity?
Andrew Reinland: No, we don’t comment in quarter on linearity for what we’re seeing so far.
John McAdam: We are very conscious of the fact that last year October was very slow, and clearly we’re pushing hard the linearity, and we think we’ve got a good handle on that. However, next week is the analyst meeting, and I’m sure we’ll be pushed on that. But as normal, don’t expect us to be updating the quarter. We don’t do that.
Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer: Very good; good luck, guys.
Operator: Thank you. John Slack from Citigroup, your line is open.
John Slack – Citigroup: Great, thanks a lot. I’d like to follow up maybe on the seasonality question. Historically, the March quarter is the seasonally weak quarter for you guys, and now you’re saying December is seasonally weak. Are you not going to see the normal enterprise budget flush and carrier budget flush in December? And should we think of March then as an acceleration off of December?
John McAdam: Yes, seasonality – and I think if you look – we’ve looked to all the peers. We’ve looked across the technology spectrum, and it’s difficult to find any company in the technology arena that will gate any significant upwards after the quarter forward because of the sales force being very active, pushing in deals, accelerators in place. And that’s normal and that’s what’s happening. I was very clear on that a year ago, extremely clear that we are seen seasonality now and you should expect that. In fact, we actually went back and checked exactly what we said, and I don’t think we could have been clearer, and it’s very much based on that. Budget flush, who knows in this environment? But you should definitely expect seasonality now and going forward, which is pretty normal.
John Slack – Citigroup: So John, should we think of March then as being more driven by the product cycle? Typically, you have – you still grow in March, but it slows down from December. I’m just trying to reconcile that.
John McAdam: Yes, when we look at our sales bookings to track our actual sales bookings in fact, those sales bookings over the last few years have been up reasonably well in the March quarter, especially in North America, and we would expect that to continue.
John Slack – Citigroup: Great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Rod Hall from JP Morgan, your line is open.
Rod Hall – JP Morgan: Yes, thanks for taking my questions. I just had a couple, I guess the first one being that telco vertical is up materially in the quarter based on the percentages you gave out. And I just wonder if there was any particular deal there and if that’s just across the board, lots of customers driving that increase, and then what you see the potential for that being over the next couple of quarters. I’m also wondering. Riverbed launched their Stingray product today. And so I just wonder if you could comment on some of these virtualized products. I know you mentioned your own virtualized system in the release. But just what do you – how do you see the competitive environment developing? How nervous are you about some of the stuff that’s on the horizon? And I guess that’s it. I might have one follow-up.
Andrew Reinland: Okay. Just really quick on the telco space, we said that for the quarter it was 26%. If you go back a year ago, it was 25%. So just from what we see in how our telco seasonality flows, we usually see a strong summer ending in September, and then we’re lighter in Q1. I don’t know that I would call out any specific deals or anything that drove that. I think it was pretty broad-based around the world.
Rod Hall – JP Morgan: Can I just follow that up? The absolute revenue on that was about $81 million, just over if you do the calculation, up about $20 million quarter over quarter. And we haven’t seen that kind of sequential absolute increase in revenue in that vertical anywhere that I’m aware of back the last eight quarters, so it looks like there was a pretty good sized tick up there. But you’re saying there’s no specific customer that drove that?
John McAdam: To be specific, there was a number of I’d say – this is John, a number of multimillion dollar ADC deals, but there wasn’t one in particular that was significantly way ahead of everything else.
Dan Matte: Absolutely, Rod. This is Dan. In terms of the things that people are doing, a lot of the use cases we laid out last year, traffic steering, we saw a nice deployment at Telefónica. With that, we’re seeing lots of carrier grade NAT implementations, security implementations. So again, it’s very, very broad-based from that perspective. And then the take on the competitive front, yes, absolutely, we obviously saw the announcement today as well. I guess a couple of things to bear in mind; one is that overall the virtual version of the market is projected to be about 10% of the market overall by about 2015. Also, we’re seeing very nice adoption. I’m very happy with the growth rates in sales of our virtual editions, although we’re not breaking that out, but I’m very pleased with it. And then also just as we dig down into some of the technologies and choices that have been announced today, we’ve seen approaches where people have to install things on servers fail multiple times in our markets in the past, and I don’t expect that pattern to change anytime soon. And we will compete vigorously with anybody that comes into the ADC market.
Rod Hall – JP Morgan: Do you guys think 10 gig on the motherboard is going to increase the potential of virtualized systems running on servers? That way you’ve actually got better throughput on the native CPU; or do you think you still need for a few years now your own equipment, but cut the design box to run the software?
Dan Matte: Taking it on the server is there today and it’s running, and it increases the port options off the switch as you can aggregate more. But if you look at what’s running on the servers themselves, really it’s increasing the ability to run more virtual machines. It doesn’t necessarily improve the connectivity between the machines. And there’s a host...
Rod Hall – JP Morgan: But Intel’s new chip is going to increase the bus speed. I think the absolute – the bus speed of the chip itself is going to move up to handle much higher bandwidth in the next generation.
Dan Matte: Yes, it doesn’t, no. PCI 2.0 doesn’t do that. That’s already there. That’s in place. We use it. What those chips don’t do is increase the packet rates. You can’t run essentially a full 15 million packets per second on a server link like you can a switch.
John McAdam: And remember, we’re the clear leader here. If you look at last quarter, the trend that we saw was a very, very strong uptick of our chassis-based solution, the new 2400, but also the 4400. There is no way any software configuration could be anything close to that running in servers.
Rod Hall – JP Morgan: Okay, great. Thanks a lot, guys. I appreciate the answers.
John McAdam: Thank you.
Operator: Brian Modoff from Deutsche Bank, your line is open.
Brian Modoff – Deutsche Bank: Yes, guys. I’ve got a couple questions for you. First, talking about the vSphere 5 upgrade and the Romley chip upgrade that are coming, how does that affect you? And then looking out into next year, what do you see as some of the key drivers for your business? You talk about the carriers and you’re downplaying that. Yet if you look at TMOS 11, you mentioned traffic steering as one of the elements. It’s a key element for carriers. So you don’t see that driving more uptick amongst that group into next year?
Karl Triebes: I’ll take those. This is Karl. Just back on the Romley question, we have a deep partnership with Intel, and we know the roadmap many years out. And we leverage Intel as well as other CPU manufacturers in our products, and we’ll be leveraging that particular CPU, and we’ll talk more about it in our upcoming platforms. Also driving this server capacity is a good thing for us as well because more traffic, more stuff on the network helps us, and then also more virtuals. One of the other things that has been very successful for us with consolidation is the fact that these virtual environments, with faster servers, people are putting more and more applications across more virtual machines. And each one of these things represents essentially a virtual address for us to deal with. And that’s something we do really well and consolidate very well. And iApp and our other functionality is just another step in improving that consolidation piece. With regards to traffic steering, this is something we get used for today, quite frankly, especially with the optimization guys. And in fact, we’ll be spending a lot more time talking about that next week when we talk about the roadmap.
Brian Modoff – Deutsche Bank: And then also real quick on iApp, can you talk about – how has that affected you in terms of your installed base? If you make it simpler for your customers to implement iRules, are you seeing that have a direct correlation in terms of new use cases inside your installed base driving more demand?
Karl Triebes: Yes, absolutely, Brian. I think what we’ll see with iApp and the early trends are that more people inside of different groups within the organizations can take advantage of what we do. So we’re really making things more accessible to folks. And of course, the more they adopt it, the better it is from a revenue perspective.
Brian Modoff – Deutsche Bank: Thank you.
Operator: Alex Henderson, Miller Tabak, your line is open.
Alex Henderson – Miller Tabak: Hi, guys. So I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about the service provider piece. You made some comments about the improvement in uptake around VIPRION stepping up as a result of adoption of V-11. And I was wondering if you, therefore, expect over the course of 2012 that the service provider piece will start to increase as a percentage of sales; not necessarily from the 25% – 26% from 4Q, but rather on an annualized basis where the percentage is much more closer to the 20% vicinity.
John McAdam: Alex, this is John. First of all, we’re going to talk about this a lot more next week. We’re going to actually have some customer examples of the wins last year that talk about some of the traffic steering deals, some of the stuff we’re doing with LTE, areas like that, so I don’t want to get too detailed here. In terms of the percentage, it was 26% in Q4. We expect the rest of our business to keep growing. If you look at the business we’ve done, it may sound maybe not sexy. But with Oracle and Microsoft optimizing their applications, that had a significant growth last year. And with iApp, you’re going to see that growing as well. So I wouldn’t expect to see a massive difference in our verticals moving forward. I think that quarter on quarter because service provider can be bigger deals, there could be some lumpiness. There’s no question about that. But overall, when we look at the year, I don’t think it’s going to be substantially different.
Alex Henderson – Miller Tabak: Okay, two other real just add-on questions just along the same lines. Could you talk a little about the security side of the market a little bit? As the result of the rollout of vSphere, the movement to what I would describe as mobile security where the security is moving with the virtual, there is a disengagement of a lot of the traditional perimeter defense models to what I would call an inflection point in security where there’s a changing architecture. You obviously haven’t been as huge in some of these security markets as some of the straight security players, but you’re positioned in Layer 7 where everything has to go in a very strong way. Can that security element of your product accelerate the demand picture over a period of say 12 to 18 months as that move to virtual security accelerates?
Karl Triebes: Yes, so I think absolutely, we’re in lockstep in terms of our thinking there. And we talk about our products as strategic points of control, and security is absolutely one of those things that we can add value to. So whether it’s base level things where we’re providing very high performance basic security functions being one thing and we’re doing it at price/performance levels that are five to eight times better than the leading vendors out there, to more sophisticated things where we are the point of entry into people’s networks and thinking about who that user is, what they’re doing, where they’re coming from, applying all those elements into decision making in terms of whether that’s good traffic or bad traffic, you see that rolled up into our edge product, into ASM, and so forth. So I think we’re very well positioned there, Alex.
Dan Matte: I’ll add to that just really quickly. You’re absolutely spot-on with the security perimeter change. We’ve talked about that for a while. But I think the market awareness has changed dramatically in the last year, especially when you start looking at some of these high-profile attacks on banks, like with the WikiLeaks piece and all that. And that was perfect for us because for a long time, as it turns out, not only were we getting used to Layer 7 security, but often the big idea was getting leverage either with iRules or some of its inherent stateful firewall capabilities that were built into it. And we’re going to talk a lot more about that next week exactly how these things are going to roll out over the next year and what we’re going to do there.
Alex Henderson – Miller Tabak: If I could just wrap that question, so is VMware resulting in more leads generation for you than they have in past periods as a result of that change?
Dan Matte: I think VMware is creating this environment of consolidation on the servers where more things are running on the back end. And then there are some other fundamental changes that are happening, the network topologies with all these APIs and other things that are going on. And so I think that’s in itself driving some of the demand characteristics and the traffic changes that we’re seeing.
Alex Henderson – Miller Tabak: Thank you.
John McAdam: The entire pipeline and project wins with VMware is a straight line upwards.
Alex Henderson – Miller Tabak: Thank you.
Operator: Brian Marshall, ISI Group, your line is open.
Brian Marshall – ISI Group: Great. Thanks, guys, so I guess a question with respect to carrier CapEx trends. If you look at it, clearly there has been a lot of focus on the wireless side and obviously LTE ramping et cetera. Can you talk about what LTE – what the implications are for your business from a wireline standpoint?
Karl Triebes: Yes, this is Karl again. Just from the technology side, if you look at what LTE is doing with the bandwidth carriers, today an average 3G connection runs at about 1 megabit. An average LTE connection is 30 megabits. So, it’s a 30x hit just in the traffic scenarios alone on the networks. And so that alone just suggests that it’s going to be an issue of bandwidth, especially at the point where this infrastructure connects to the Internet.
John McAdam: We’re actually going to give an example of the wireline LTE. Mark Anderson is going to present a customer win, in fact, next week on that.
Brian Marshall – ISI Group: Okay, perfect. And I would assume that some of the activity that we saw in the most recent quarter is a direct result of some of the LTE builds that are happening out there.
John McAdam: I think, as I say, we’re going to only talk about one customer win, but it’s really early, early days on that.
Brian Marshall – ISI Group: Okay. And from a competitive perspective, obviously, we’ve seen some pretty decent growth out of NetScaler, et cetera. We saw something with Juniper and Radware today. Can you talk a little bit about who you’re seeing most frequently out there, and just an update on the competitive landscape from F5’s perspective?
John McAdam: It’s no major change, no major change at all. Our win rate is in the high 88%, high 80%-plus, 90% range. We see Cisco, obviously, because of their presence. This is almost something I’ve been repeating for about three or four years. We see Citrix, of course. We’d like to see them more in the VDI space because we’ve got a better solution there, even in their environment. And that’s really about it.
Brian Marshall – ISI Group: Okay.
Karl Triebes: And then in terms of the Radware/Juniper stuff that got announced today, it’s interesting in terms of what’s going on. We’ve seen attempts to integrate things into the router before and not be very successful. The last company that did that is driving down to a low-teens market share now. And from a performance standpoint, they do outperform some of our products circa 2004. So I think it’s not a great solution out there.
Dan Matte: We’ve been competing against high quality companies since we started. And we’re used to beating high quality companies and growing our market share. And we’re really confident in our ability to continue to be able to do that because the entire company is focused on this space. It’s not a distraction like it might be for some of our competitors. But this is our focus. That’s why we’re the technology leader, and that’s why we still win 90% of the time when we go head to head.
Brian Marshall – ISI Group: Great and final question from me. If you look at your account penetration, say for example the Fortune 500, can you talk a little about how the penetration has ramped up there? Can you speak maybe to what percent of the install base you view as highly penetrated and talk about the trends that you see in there? Thanks.
Mark Anderson: Hey, Brian. So I actually have a slide dedicated to that next week. It’s going to show specific penetration in the three different geographic measurements and talk about the penetration opportunities, so I don’t want to steal my own thunder.
Brian Marshall – ISI Group: Understood. Thanks, guys. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Jason Ader from William Blair, your line is open.
Jason Ader – William Blair: Thank you. You guys, if I look at the non-vertical business, so if I take out government, telco, tech, and financial, it looks like it was down around $9 million sequentially, and I was just wondering. Does that have anything to do with the macro, or is that just not that relevant?
Dan Matte: Yes, I would say from our perspective that’s not that relevant. And we’ve looked at that pretty closely just with the layout of the quarter. If we look at our linearity, our expectations against our pipeline, we feel this was a pretty solid quarter in spite of the macro.
Jason Ader – William Blair: All right. And just on the verticals, it looked like you had pretty strong growth across all the verticals except financials for the year. And obviously, financials had a huge year last year. Is that the best explanation that you can come up with? It was 63% last year and this year it was 7%, whereas the other ones were pretty consistent again, 46% for tech, 27% for telco, and 34% for government, which were pretty similar to the rates last year.
Dan Matte: Yes, I think last year in particular, we had a great amount of revenue recognized from a big financial deal that we ended the previous fiscal year with that delivered throughout the year. So I think that might have skewed the financial vertical a little bit last year that you’re looking at. From our perspective, we feel as strong about the financial vertical as ever; really nothing to highlight there within any of our verticals that are giving us concern right now.
Jason Ader – William Blair: Okay, thank you.
John Eldridge: Okay. This is John Eldridge. We’re going to take two more questions and wrap it up, okay?
Operator: Thank you. Tim Long from Bank of Montreal, your line is open.
Tim Long – BMO Capital Markets: Thank you, just a few if I could. First, you mentioned that product revenue should accelerate in Q2. Could you just give us a little color on that? Why are you expecting that? Is it just easy compares, or is there something with timing of backlog of product introduction? And then secondly, on the north of 20% growth, could you just give us a sense? Obviously, the 2400 and 4400 are going to be a part of that. But how much of that growth is relying upon some of the adjacencies, John, that you talked about, remote access control, security, and the others? Thank you.
John McAdam: Yes, so on Q2, first of all, the main reason for our statements in Q2 is when we look historically at the sales bookings, particularly in North America, over the last few years from Q1 to Q2 we’ve seen some nice progress, and we expect to see the same. And obviously, we link that from bottoms up information from the sales force combined with the pipeline. So that’s where that data is coming from. What was the second question?
Tim Long – BMO Capital Markets: Just how much of the 20% growth is relying on some of the adjacent markets rather than just upgrades in the quarter?
John McAdam: That is such a difficult question to answer, and let me explain why. Because although we talk about our core ADC platform and we talk about adjacent markets, the solutions to those adjacent markets sit within our core ADC platform. So for example, ASM has been growing dramatically actually over the last couple years and a very strong year in 2011. But we don’t report that because ASM is part of the solution based on the platform that we’ve got, where probably we may be doing some web acceleration at the same time. So they’re a very important; they’re a part of the overall solution that we give. So it’s very difficult to actually put numerics beside it. Having said that, when we look at the service provider and security market in particular because we did call them out, we do believe that there’s a chunk of the firewall market specifically that we can go for. Again, it will be reported as ADC revenue. But because of our ability to understand the application, the fluency of our application product, because of the ability to handle high workloads and high connections per second that firewalls just can’t do, we expect to see that market increasing as well. And then as for service provider, we’ve talked about that. We’ve talked about the opportunities with traffic steering, with LTE, some of the stuff on the roadmap. But you should assume that when we report that, it’s all part of ADC.
Tim Long – BMO Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Jayson Noland of Robert W Baird. Your line is open.
Jayson Noland – Robert W Baird: Great, thank you. John, your comment on appropriate to be cautious, are you actually seeing challenges related to the macroeconomic environment, maybe deal size or close rates, or are you just making a general statement there?
John McAdam: That’s a general statement. In fact, what I said was our guidance was based on a 20% forecast for the year based on the existing macro environment.
Jayson Noland – Robert W Baird: Okay. And Andy, your calendar 2012 guidance assumptions for the end market, are you assuming share gain in calendar 2012 relative to the end market opportunity?
Andrew Reinland: Yes, our view on the market right now is that we’re driving the overall market. So we’re looking at what we think we can accomplish next year given the opportunity we see out there, geographies that we can continue to penetrate. Major accounts we talk a lot. Mark had mentioned that he’s going to talk next week about our penetration into Fortune 500, Financial Times 500. We see a lot of opportunity to expand footprint, expand the market, and drive to our numbers that way.
John McAdam: In the core with Version 11 of TMOS, and we’ve talked about that a lot and we’ll talk about it more next week, and with the VIPRION 2400 along with a pretty exciting product roadmap, we feel great about our core. Where we look for share gains is maybe like security and service provider areas like that. So we feel much more offensive than defensive from a share gain perspective.
Jayson Noland – Robert W Baird: Thanks for taking the questions, guys.
John Eldridge: All right, thanks for joining us. And we hope to see you all at our Analyst/Investor Day on November 3. And if not, we’ll talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude your conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect from the audio portion.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-07-20 16:30:00) =====
Executives: John Eldridge – Director, Investor Relations Andy Reinland – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer John McAdam – President and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Rod Hall – JPMorgan Alex Henderson – Miller Tabak Mark Sue – RBC Capital Markets Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer Brian Marshall – Gleacher & Company Troy Jensen – Piper Jaffrey Nikos Theodosopoulos – UBS Kent Schofield – Goldman Sachs Vijay Bhagavath – Deutsche Bank Matt Robison – Wunderlich Securities Jess Lubert – Wells Fargo Securities
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the F5 Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all parties will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer portion. Also today’s conference is being recorded. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Eldridge – Director, Investor Relations: Thank you, Carol and welcome everyone to our conference call for the third quarter of fiscal 2011. The speakers on today’s call are John McAdam, President and CEO and Andy Reinland, Senior VP and Chief Financial Officer. Other members of our executive team are also with us to answer questions following their prepared comments. If you have questions following today’s call, please direct them to me at 206-272-6571. If you don’t have a copy of today’s press release, it is available on our website f5.com. In addition, you can access an archived version of today’s live webcast from the Events Calendar page of our website through October 25. From 4.30 p.m. today until midnight Pacific Time, July 21, you can also listen to a telephone replay at 866-511-5157 or 203-369-1957. During today’s call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect, and target. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our quarterly release and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Andy Reinland.
Andy Reinland – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, John. In the third quarter of fiscal 2011, F5 achieved solid sequential and year-over-year growth. Revenue of $290.7 million was at the high end of our $287 million to $292 million guided range grew 5% from the prior quarter and grew 26% compared to a very strong Q3 a year ago. GAAP EPS of $0.77 per diluted share was above our guided range of $0.69 to $0.71. Excluding stock-based compensation expense, non-GAAP EPS of $0.97 per diluted share was also above our guided range of $0.89 to $0.91. The strong EPS results reflect additional R&D tax credit benefits of approximately $0.05 per share recognized in the current quarter. Product revenue of $179.3 million grew 22% year-over-year, and represented 62% of total revenue. Service revenue of $111.4 million grew 34% year-over-year, and accounted for 38% of total revenue. Book-to-bill for the quarter was greater than 1. Both APAC and Japan delivered strong revenue growth during the quarter. APAC which represented 16% of total revenue grew 58% year-over-year and Japan as 7% of total revenue was up 42% year-over-year. EMEA representing 20% of total revenue grew 15% from the third quarter of fiscal 2010 and was down sequentially. Accounting for 57% of the total, revenue from the Americas was up slightly compared to the prior quarter and grew 22% year-over-year. During Q3, our core application delivery networking business accounted for $282.5 million compared to $270.5 million in Q2. Revenue from our ARX file virtualization business was $8.3 million up 16% from Q2 and 32% from the third quarter a year ago. Both the telco and technology verticals represented 21% of total revenue in Q3. The financial vertical accounted for 19%. Total government revenue was 10% including 5% from U.S. federal. In Q3 we had two greater than 10% distributors, Avnet which represented 16.4% of total revenue and Ingram Micro which accounted for 10.6%. Our GAAP gross margin in Q3 ticked up slightly to 82%. Excluding approximately $2.4 million of stock-based compensation expense, non GAAP gross margin also moved up to 82.8%. GAAP operating expenses of $150 million were within her target range $147 million to $151 million. Excluding $20.5 million of stock-based compensation expense, non-GAAP operating expenses were $129.5 million. GAAP operating margin was 30.4%. Our non-GAAP operating margin which excludes stock-based compensation expense was 38.2%. Reflecting the R&D tax benefit, I mentioned earlier, our GAAP effective tax rate for Q3 was 30.6%. Excluding stock-based compensation, our non GAAP effective tax rate was 29.8%. Turning to the balance sheet, cash flow from operations was $101.1 million, free cash flow for the quarter was $92.2 million. We ended the quarter with total cash and investments of $1.57 billion. DSO at the end of Q3 was 48 days. Inventories were 17.9 million. Deferred revenue increased 3% sequentially to $321.9 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $8.8 million and depreciation and amortization expense was $5.2 million. We ended the quarter with approximately 2350 employees an increase of 95 from the prior quarter. During the quarter we repurchased approximately 472,000 shares or common stock at an average price of $105.96 per share for a total of $50 million. Looking ahead to Q4, while we remain cautious about the impact the ongoing financial uncertainty in Europe might have on our EMEA business, we are seeing strength within our North America enterprise business and we believe our US federal business will reflect to seasonal strength we typically see in Q4. We believe the key drivers of our business remain intact and that we will continue to achieve solid sequential and year-over-year growth in Q4. With that in mind, our revenue target for Q4 is $307 million to $312 million. We expect GAAP gross margin to remain strong in the 81% to 82% range including approximately 2.5 million of stock-based compensation expense. We anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of $156 million to $160 million. This includes approximately $21.5 million of stock based compensation expense. Our GAAP EPS target is $0.75 to $0.77 per diluted share. Excluding stock compensation, our non GAAP EPS target is $0.97 to $0.99 per diluted share. We are forecasting an effective tax rate of 35%. Excluding stock-based compensation, we expect a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 33%. We plan to increase our headcount by more than 125 employees in the current quarter. We estimate our DSO will be in the mid-40 day range. We expect inventory levels within the range of 18 million to 20 million and we believe our cash flow from operations will be in excess of $110 million. With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
John McAdam – President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Andy and good afternoon everyone. The F5 team delivered another solid performance in the third quarter of fiscal 2011. The Asia Pacific, Japan region with the start of the quarter with year-over-year growth rate over 50%. The Americas year-over-year growth rate up 22% was constrained a bit by some projects spending delays in the U.S. federal market as well as some project spending delays particularly in the financial vertical. The EMEAs region’s year-over-year growth of 15% was clearly impacted by the economic challenges currently present in that region. We passed a significant milestone on our stellar balance sheet with cash and investments surpassing the $1 billion mark, currently at $1.06 billion having repurchased $50 billion worth of common stock in the quarter. Our services business once again produced solid results with 34% growth in revenue along with strong contribution to our overall profitability. Our non-GAAP operating margin was very solid at 38.2%, which is our highest level to-date. We also saw improvement in our ARX sales in Q3 with ARX revenues growing 16% sequentially and 32% year-over-year. We started shipping our new VIPRION 2400 product known internally as Victoria, towards the end of the quarter. The VIPRION 2400 leverages the significant success of our current VIPRION solution by providing industry leading functionality at a various rate of price point. With the VIPRION 2400 chassis-based architecture, customers enjoy enhanced availability features and the flexibility to scale the ADC infrastructures without changing network, application or device configuration, leading to dramatically reduced operating expenditures. As we mentioned in our press release announcing availability of this new product, the VIPRION 2400 is shipping initially with TMOS Version 10.2.2 and will support Version 11 of TMOS, when it is released. Initial sales and customer interest in the VIPRION 2400 has been very high and we expect a level of interest to continue to increase during Q4 and continue additional momentum in fiscal 2012 as customer’s option of Version 11 accelerates. TMOS Version 11, which is target to ship in this coming quarter, includes over 150 new sophisticated management and scalability features to enhance datacenter consolidation and cloud architectures. Version 11 also includes new application visibility and management features, specific solutions for the telco market, and significant software and firmware performance enhancements to many of our software modules. Version 11 also also includes a sophisticated Virtual Clustered Multiprocessing Technology, vCMP. That combines virtualization and multi-tenancy capabilities to help customers consolidate and efficiently manage application delivery services. VCMP enables multiple instances of BIG-IP software to run on one device and provides enterprises the unprecedented ability to have complete logical separation of software version and instances on a single highly scalable device. This capability is critically important for large enterprises and cloud and other service providers, who need on-demand scalability and the ability to ensure that each group's resources in network traffic are fully isolated from one another. As far as the overall business outlook in concerned, I feel very confident about our prospects both in the short-term and as we move in to the final quarter of fiscal year 2011 and for fiscal year 2012. At our last investor conference, we highlighted an application delivery controller technology is the starting point to address our major market opportunities such as security and service provider. The key to this expansion is TMOS and our ability to deliver application level intelligence at network speeds. Version 11 contains significant enhancements that directly address these markets. For example, the majority of money spent on security to date has been targeted at protecting the network. F5’s market leading and award winning application firewall solution, the application security manager is becoming increasingly vital to our customer’s as attacks on their IT infrastructure have become significantly more sophisticated, targeting not only the network, but applications directly. The recent high profile hacking exploits against major banks, governments, and other corporations to demonstrate the inherent weakness of traditional firewall and IP solutions and highlight the need for a security solution that not only protects the assets of the networks, but of the application as well. ASM coupled with the core capabilities of TMOS allows our customers to blow up this new generation of sophisticated hacker exploits. We have major Fortune 500 customers replacing traditional network firewalls entirely with big IP. Along with the significant additional security functionality in V11, our short-term product roadmap include additional classification, enhanced network firewall capabilities, and broader application protection that should further accelerate the opportunity to expand our presence in the security market. We believe this opportunity coupled with our strategic footprint in the data center will significantly expand that addressable market in fiscal year 2012 and beyond. In the context of several global macroeconomic issues, we delivered solid sequential and year-over-year revenue growth in Q3. And as we stated last quarter, we continue to believe it is prudent to remain cautious in the short-term. Having said that, we believe there are real growth opportunities for F5 in the foreseeable future and we plan to continue aggressively hiring to expand our sales and marketing service and development organization and enhance our prospects for future sustained growth. In conclusion, I would like to thank the F5 team, our partners and customers for the support last quarter. And we will now hand the call over for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question today will be from Rod Hall, JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Rod Hall – JPMorgan: Yeah. Thanks for taking my question, guys. Just a couple of quick ones, I guess. The first thing that I guess I wanted to see if it gives you a comment further on is the EMEA weakness. Do you think that that’s just – we’ve heard it from a couple other companies, do you think it’s just a short-term hiccup driven by all these negative headlines or do you feel like it’s a little bit longer term trend that’s developing there? So, I am just curious if you could give us any color on that? And then I guess the federal government situation in the U.S. is pretty obvious, but it would be interesting to hear if you have any more color on that. And we are all assuming it’s just going to get worse over time, but would be interesting to hear what you are thinking about that? And I have a couple of additional follow-ups to that.
John McAdam: Yeah, on EMEA, I mean, the answer is we’re not looking too far out here, because frankly in this type of environment, it’s difficult to go more than six months. So, if you look at, first of all, 15% year-over-year isn’t bad considering some of the economic issues. We have taken a fairly conservative forecast in terms of Q4 for EMEA as well. So, we are not looking for much growth sequentially there at all. We do feel good about the forecast that we have been given. And actually the pipeline is pretty good. Of course, you can see a pipeline growing when you get projects that get pushed. But overall, we feel okay about it. How long it will last is hard to tell. In terms of federal, we did see some deals slip. Having said that, our federal pipeline and we did a review with the whole of the U.S. management on Monday and our federal pipeline is very large and we feel actually pretty positive about our position.
Rod Hall – JPMorgan: Okay. And then just, I guess, the follow-up with is I am wondering whether the 95 headcount additions, you said more than 125. Are you going to try to catch up and can give us any further feeling for why it was 95, I assume it’s just you’re just still struggling to find the people quickly enough and get them in place?
John McAdam: Yeah, we started off. Typically, when we start off the quarter we have a lot of acceptances that join over the next, say, maybe the first month of the quarter, but we know they have already accepted the offer. That was lower last quarter than it typically has been as higher this quarter. So, we never guarantee anything, but we are definitely going to try and push for the 125 plus.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be from Alex Henderson, Miller Tabak. Your line is open.
Alex Henderson – Miller Tabak: Thanks. I was hoping you could give us a little bit more clarity and detail around the telecom segment. The fall-off in telecom from 3Q to 4Q last year calendar hasn’t really recovered very much percentage wise here. It’s up a percentage point each quarter. But can you give us some sense of what’s going on there in terms of customers coming back in and re-upping, expanding your footprint with them, the increased commitments, or anything that would give us some better sense of the trajectory of that business. And then just one factual question, can you repeat what you said the OpEx number was supposed to be non GAAP because like I said I didn’t catch that.
Andy Reinland: Sure, in the guidance, Alex.
Alex Henderson – Miller Tabak: Yeah, in the guidance.
Andy Reinland: So, OpEx was, operating expenses would be in a range of $156 million to $160 million. And I said that that includes approximately $21.5 million of stock-based compensation expenses.
Alex Henderson – Miller Tabak: So, excluding, to get the non GAAP – I didn’t get the exclusion part. Great. So, going back to the telco piece.
John McAdam: Yeah, in the telco piece, I mean we did see obviously an uptick in terms of the percentage this quarter from previous quarter, and of course that had growth in it. So, we had uptick in the growth. So, we did make progress there. I mean, it is much the same scenario which is we have opportunities with large network translation, with IPv6, with traffic steering is probably the biggest opportunity, some of the projects are lumpy. Yeah, I think it’s going to stay that way for some while.
Alex Henderson – Miller Tabak: Do you see any increase in penetration at some of the big tier 1s and some of the key customers that would give you some sense that that is going to continue to increase as a percentage of sales going forward?
John McAdam: I think it’s going to stay in 20% to 25% range, and depending of any project drop, you will see it going up and down typically in that range. I know it was 19% a quarter before, but typically we see it in the 20% to 25% range.
Alex Henderson – Miller Tabak: Okay, and then one last question. On the European piece, can you give us any geographics play within Europe? Was there any particular countries that were more egregious than others and how do you look at that mix across boundaries? Thanks.
Mark Anderson: This is Mark Anderson. I think we saw, much like last quarter we saw weakness in some of the more macro affected economies in EMEA. Germany wasn’t great, UK wasn’t great. But the rest of the country did pretty well, excuse me, rest of the theater did pretty well. I think like other vendors we are seeing deals taking a little longer to close, customers being a lot more cautious. I think that’s pretty it.
Operator: The next question is from Mark Sue, RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mark Sue – RBC Capital Markets: Thank you. John, it’s two quarters in a row of limited upside following a quarter where Europe was also below plan, so one might argue that it should have been factored in. Do you think that’s a larger issue related to saturation of the market, maybe there's no more share to gain? Is it somehow related to the lack of hiring and sales coverage in the past? We saw something like this in late 2008 and I'm trying to see if we should be drawing some comparisons, if any.
John McAdam: No, I don’t think is that all. I mean obviously, if you’re below forecast, you have made a mistake and you need to try and address that. But, in terms of where we sit, I think we’ve got fairly robust forecast for Q4. You heard me saying few really good some of the opportunities that we’ve got coming in 2012. Our pipeline in North America is the highest that’s ever been which is very significant and we saw a fairly – and that’s not just a general pipeline, but attractive pipeline which is very important because that’s the pipeline that we expect. It’s got very good chance of closing. So, we are not seeing any signs of that. Is that tough environment to some degree? Yes. I mean, frankly we saw some points during the course that we’re probably going to exceed, but then we saw some of the slippage I talked about in federal and in some of the major account verticals like in finance. But, overall, and you take any medium term, we feel good.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ittai Kidron from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer: Thanks. John, I will start with my traditional question, ARX. Is this the time to finally put out the cake and start celebrating? Is this the real driver, consistent one now going forward?
John McAdam: We are all smiling here, right. I think it’s a bit early to do that. I mean obviously we saw, we saw some good project wins last quarter, some really good ones. As I mentioned many times, when we get these wins, we tend to get very low customers that are willing to talk about the ROI they get and the productivity they get it gives them. We saw some more repeat buys, which was a good thing than normal. We hadn’t seen some as much for peak buys, we saw some of that. But we are not declaring victory on that one yet.
Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer: Okay, very good and I did want to go back to the federal business, clearly things were delayed this quarter and I’m trying to get a sense of how do you get your confidence that this was still close on time in the September quarter and the reason I’m asking that question is that, yes federal budget for this fiscal year has been approved. That said, you listen to some of the companies in the networking space and IT space and many have been point out that despite federal budgets being approved they are still lingering delays and despite some of projects, specific projects being approved, still dollars not flowing. For example, NetScout had a massive preannouncement because of that. IBM has commentary just this past Monday talked about the government channel again for a second quarter and the roll being even weaker than they planned. It seems like your hanging your hat on this thing happening here in the September quarter and I'm trying to understand what is their process and methodology by which you get this high confidence that this was still happen even though it didn’t happen for you for this third quarter?
John McAdam: Yes, and although we saw slippage in the quarter, and we did. We also saw tremendous performance by the federal team. The year-over-year growth was actually very significant. The federal team are probably listening. I don't want them to think they didn't do a good job because they did. They did an excellent job. The real issue is the size of the pipeline and the opportunity and then of course, you've got a large pipeline like this, you obviously factor don’t and we think we have done that adequately. But we have a strong project pipeline with the projects in place. We have got a good feel for where they sit within the cycle. Again, I admit in this environment, you do have some uncertainty, but we feel pretty confident about what we have pinned as a number for that quarter four guidance.
Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer: Is there any color can you give on the federal in the sense of how much it is, is extension of existing projects versus new or how much of it civilian agencies versus non-civilian agencies, which you can argue a bit more defensive maybe spending wise?
John McAdam: Yes, a lot of it is projects that are established. A lot of it is that, certainly. And it tends to be involved with big systems integrators, as well. I don’t have the data right hand on the civilian versus military and/or intelligence. I know it’s reasonable in the latter. I don’t have the actual numbers.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Marshall, Gleacher & Company. Your line is open.
Brian Marshall – Gleacher & Company: Great, thanks guys. If you look at the last couple of quarters we are adding 120, 125 employees obviously a little bit of a downtick this quarter. But when do you think, if you look at the product year-over-year growth over the last couple of quarters starting December 10 it was 44% year-over-year and then March it went down to 34%, in June it went down to 22% and it looks like guidance kind of at the mid range is applying 16% year-over-year product growth. So, you got deceleration of product revenue growth there obviously. When are those headcount additions that we made over the past couple of quarters? It really going to start to kick in and drive some of that product growth on year-over-year basis and do you expect in fiscal 12 that start to come back up at higher levels?
Andy Reinland: Yes, absolutely. And we have done a lot of work in that and we’ve obviously started doing first passes in 2012. I’m not going to be specific on the quarter. I don’t want to do that. However, when we look at 2012 and this will give you a feel for and I will give much more data in October. But we would be pretty disappointed with anything below on annual growth over the 2012 year below 20%. So in other words, we do see it stabilizing and we do see it starting to increase. And we will talk about in a little bit more detail come October.
Brian Marshall – Gleacher & Company: Okay. Thank you. And then with respect to, if you look the, well I guess actually that kind of clarified some of my questions there. With respect to the revenue growth that you have seen over the past year or so obviously I think the vast majority that are well more than 50% that came from increased share gains definitely think about probably going to slow down, but we are going to continue to gain share going forward. But I do think your account penetration is going to increase pretty dramatically across the board not only in Fortune 500, but.
John McAdam: We don’t view that, when we look at the pipeline. When we look at the addressable market, share gains comes as you execute in terms of more Fortune 500 account, in terms of penetrating more Fortune 500 account, in terms of focusing on areas like security that I talked about. By definition, share gains go, they come. But really it’s all about having that opportunity. I don’t think share gains as such is an issue at all.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Troy Jensen, Piper Jaffrey. Your line is open.
Troy Jensen – Piper Jaffrey: Hey, it’s two-part question or two answers from you guys, but Mark, I would like to know how often you see Zeus in the field and John your thoughts on Riverbed moving into the virtual ADC market?
Mark Anderson: Yeah, hey Troy, it’s Mark here. So, we do talk a lot about competitive activity in our quarterly business reviews in each theatre each quarter. And really this we haven’t really talked about them very much and they are really not in the top five that we see on a regular basis.
John McAdam: I mean, Mark knows this better than me, Troy. However, I sat through three or four hours meeting on Monday with the North American management and I didn’t hear the name once. What was the second question?
Troy Jensen – Piper Jaffrey: Well, the second one will be TMOS 11 is coming out obviously there is a lot of applications customized for service providers. What’s the risk of service providers passing until they evaluate the new operating system?
John McAdam: I don’t, I mean, we look at our service provider forecast and we look at the pipeline is based on projects and it’s not based on projects waiting on these types of functionality. So, I really don’t believe that’s an issue. Karl, I don’t know if you mentioned?
Karl Triebes: Yeah, hi, Troy, this is Karl. I just want to clarify also, because Version 11 isn’t just about service provider features. That’s one aspect of the release. Its major new infrastructure features like iAPP and vCMP as well as our centralized management. There is a bunch of things we are doing for the service provider market, but also for the enterprise, security, and other markets as well. So and it builds up on our previous technology. It’s a major step, but it’s not like, I think we have seen anybody out there in the service provider market stopping and waiting for it to show up. So, I hope that answers your question there.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is from Nikos Theodosopoulos from UBS. Your line is open.
Nikos Theodosopoulos – UBS: Great. Two questions. First on Japan, I think you were expecting that to be down sequentially and it was up strongly, can you comment on what changed there and what that might mean for the next quarter? And a comment on linearity, did you see the normal linearity of 50% in the last month or was it better or worse than normal? Thank you.
Andy Reinland: Yeah. So, on the linearity question to start with, consistent with last year, it was a little bit higher in the third month than we normally see, but not a marked difference and consistent.
John McAdam: And then, regarding Japan, yeah, we did expect it to be maybe slower because of all the disruption in it. The resilience of the team and frankly, the Japanese nation, they just carried on really quickly and we saw a really strong quarter with any disruption of any kind. The thing that was very, very positive for us in Japan and actually in the rest of Asia was there is a distinct trend now from lower product sales to higher product sales. And that we have been pushing this for Mark and his team for actually a couple of years now and we start to see some progress. So, we saw VIPRION type sales. We saw higher end. And that’s a trend that we are seeing. We started to see in Japan and we have been seeing it for a few quarters now in Asia which is pretty good.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Kent Schofield, Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Kent Schofield – Goldman Sachs: Great, thank you. I was wondering if you could just update us on your virtual ADC strategy. And then also if I look at share buyback, there was a pretty big acceleration it was like over $120 million this last quarter, around $50 million the previous, but that compared to an average of $20 million for the previous eight quarters or so. How should we think about share buyback going forward? Thank you.
Andy Reinland: On the share buyback, actually the total this last quarter was 5$0 million.
Kent Schofield – Goldman Sachs: So…
Andy Reinland: I don’t know where you heard.
Kent Schofield – Goldman Sachs: No, I may have – I must have pulled that wrong number.
Andy Reinland: Okay.
Dan Matte: Okay, okay. And Kent, this is Dan. So as far as the virtual ADC, just virtual additions of our products in general and our strategy there, so we embarked on that course sometime ago. We launched the first product over a year ago now. And we now have almost, I believe, all our products available in virtual additions. So, I have been very, very pleased with the progress that we have seen there at the adoption rate, the downloads of trial additions, and more importantly, people purchasing them as well. So, I think we’ve gone from a position, perhaps a little bit late, to the market with the first one out there, originally to now probably having the most comprehensive solution than any vendor in our space.
John McAdam: But, I mean the big opportunity we see with virtual version, we’ve had – as Dan said quite a while now is that, you can develop on it, you can test on it. And then what you can do is probably deploy on larger systems. Now that’s only the thing we have seen. We have seen customers buy it for production, but typically it’s for development and then followed by using, like, VIPRION for production.
Dan Matte: And Kent one last piece on that, really, having the combination of the software and the hardware piece is really vital when it comes to our customers. So, there is some things like dealing with SSL traffic and other things are very computationally expensive, that frankly well suited to virtual versions. And so, having both of those turned out to be very, very important in the marketplace. And as I said I think between the functionalities that we have in the products and the selection that we have between the hardware platform and the virtual additions, I think we are solidly in the leadership position.
Karl Triebes: Yeah, Kent, one thing I will add to, this is Karl. On version 11, what we also provide is the ability for us to operate for the customers to manage virtual and non-virtual versions seamlessly and operate together. So, essentially manages one large context which we think is vital to scaling these large virtual environments.
Kent Schofield – Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you for the information. And the 122 would be the nine-month number, so thank you for that. So, it was around 50 million, around previous quarter, 50 million this quarter. Is that kind of the new run rate that we should think of going forward?
John McAdam: We have a discussion with the Board in every quarter, we make that decision.
Kent Schofield – Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Brian Modoff, Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Vijay Bhagavath – Deutsche Bank: Hi, this is Vijay Bhagavath, calling on behalf of Brian. Hi, John. Hi, Andy.
John McAdam: Hi, there.
Vijay Bhagavath – Deutsche Bank: Question for you in terms of – I guess, we are seeing some major catalysts near term in the horizon and then one is obviously VMware’s vSphere 5. We are also seeing catalyst around mainstream applications, Microsoft applications, Oracle, SAP etcetera getting on virtual machines and obviously have the 10 gig upgrade opportunity early next year. So, I’d like to ask you in terms of how proactive is your team both in the sales side and also in the solution side working with companies such as VMware, Microsoft, SAP, Oracle etcetera and kind of capitalizing on some of these over the horizon catalyst and especially vSphere 5.
Dan Matte: Sorry, Vijay, this is Dan. We are very, very active on that front. We have some very deep relationships with not only VMware, Microsoft, Oracle, many, many others out there as well, but in terms of the ones that they could mention. So, with the introduction of things like vSphere 5 or Exchange 2010 or new versions of SharePoint, we have things going on with them. So, when those vendors launch their products, we have solutions that are ready to go with them that have been verified by them as well and provide things that are useful for the customers at the end of the day which is really the most important aspect. So, changes in the landscape, they are evolving and triggering change for customers out there. We view very, very positive things and line up very nicely with our solutions.
Karl Triebes: One thing, Vijay, this is Karl, I mentioned to you, you asked about 10 gig, capitalize on 10 gig and the next version of our VIPRION blade, the Centaur Blades we call it, natively supports 40 gig out of the shoe. So, we will be supporting the next high speed port and also Victoria which we call VIPRION 2400 was designed for 40 gig and we will be introducing 40 gig core modules later on. So, we’re trying to very much focus on improving essentially connectivity in the high density interfaces to exactly to capitalize on these opportunities.
Vijay Bhagavath – Deutsche Bank:  Thanks. A quick follow-up, I mean, obviously you had an interesting at Telefónica Spain. So, any thoughts on kind of blueprinting that architecture and then looking to position that with other telcos, I mean such as including Verizon, AT&T in the US.
John McAdam: I mean, we wouldn’t be specific about project wins like that, but obviously we have a very tried and tested tactic which is if you a win a project that you can repeat globally, you go for it. And I can assure you at the sales level and the biz level we are very focused in doing that type of thing.
Vijay Bhagavath – Deutsche Bank: Certainly. Thanks a lot. Thank you.
John Eldridge: Okay, Carol let’s take two more calls, okay, two more questions for callers.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will be from Matt Robison from Wunderlich Securities. Your line is open.
Matt Robison – Wunderlich Securities: Thanks for taking my question. Can you give us the number of DevCentral users at the end of the quarter? And also, you might have mentioned this, but if you could repeat the CapEx number you expect for the September quarter. And there is also, you mentioned strength in the pipeline for North American enterprise, but you didn't mention North American service provider. Is there any particular reason, why you didn't say that?
John McAdam: Let me just squash that one. So, the pipeline, when I was talking about the pipeline in North America, I meant strength in enterprise, service provider and federal.
Matt Robison – Wunderlich Securities: Okay, thank you. So, back to DevCentral and CapEx then?
Dan Matte: Matt, this is Dan. On the DevCentral, we finished the quarter at 82,243 registered users.
Andy Reinland: In CapEx, I actually didn’t mention on the call, but for the coming quarter I think it will be in the same range that we saw this quarter. Maybe a little higher and on the next call, the October call we will give you the outlook on CapEx for the year again.
Matt Robison –Wunderlich Securities: Okay. Is it too much to ask to give us that range again, since we're not going back to last quarter's commentary?
Andy Reinland: The last quarter was $8.8 million and I think we will see it that range maybe a little higher.
Matt Robison –Wunderlich Securities: At that level, I see what you're saying. So, $8.8 million to $9.3 million or something like that?
Andy Reinland: Yes, somewhere in the range.
Matt Robison –Wunderlich Securities: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question will be from Jess Lubert, Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Jess Lubert – Wells Fargo Securities: Thanks for squeezing me in there, guys. So, two questions, first on product sales, this is the third consecutive quarter that we've seen product sales deliver low single-digit sequential growth. So, I was hoping you might be able to comment as to whether or not you felt the product strength we saw last year was more catch up spending and perhaps this is the new normal for sequential product growth. And maybe you can provide some additional information as to what gives you confidence that sequential product trends will improve going forward.
John McAdam: Yes, I think it’s hard to deny, when you look at the numbers now, and you look at the performance, that it was definitely catch up, or maybe some suppressed demand especially in the Q3, Q4 cycle. There is no question about that. Having said that, as I said earlier, I do think we bottom out and then we start to accelerate and that’s going to be based on a lot of things. It's based on, obviously, the opportunity I talked about in security that becoming stronger for us. It's based on Version 11 and based on WAN optimization and web acceleration  Web acceleration, for example, we have a new version coming out and with Version 11 that is a massive jump in performance. So, if you're a web-based application, which is where they increases, we are going to have a great optimization solution earlier. The VIPRION 2400 is big. We had a lot of stuff. I think and not last, but not least we have been hiring aggressively in sales over the year and that productivity moves from the six months to the one year, you will see growth there as well.
Jess Lubert – Wells Fargo Securities: So John, is it fair to assume that we're near the bottom in that process?
John McAdam: I’m not going to be specific on the quarter. As I said Q3 and Q4 were tough comps. And definitely I think we would be very disappointed with less than 20% next year.
Jess Lubert –Wells Fargo Securities: And then can you maybe just provide some additional details regarding metrics, regarding average deal size and how the pipeline is trending sequentially heading into the September quarter and how you're thinking about close rates in the guidance?
Andy Reinland: Yes, our average size was actually pretty consistent with last year. It came down a little bit, but not markedly lower?
John McAdam: And in terms of the close rates, what I actually assuming a lower close rate than we did in quarter three we assuming a lower running quarter four. I would like to think there’s some conservatism in that, but we will see, but yes, we are actually assuming a little bit. If you look that is a pretty big sequential uptick from a revenue perspective. So, we will see how that goes.
Jess Lubert –Wells Fargo Securities: All right, very good. Thanks guys.
John Eldridge – Director, Investor Relations: Thank you all very much for joining us and again if you have a follow-up calls please direct them to me John Eldridge and thank you for joining us and we will talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-01-20 16:30:00) =====
Executives: John McAdam - President & Chief Executive Officer Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Mark Anderson - Senior Vice President of Worldwide Sales Karl Triebes - Senior Vice President of Product Development and Chief Technical Officer John Eldridge - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Brian White - Ticonderoga Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co Jason Ader - William Blair Samuel Wilson - JMP Securities Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray Brian Marshall - Broadpoint AmTech Mark Sue - RBC Capital Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Jeff Kvaal - Barclays Capital Ryan Hutchinson - Lazard Capital Markets Min Park - Goldman Sachs Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank Jeff Luber - Wells Fargo Securities
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the F5 first quarter financial results conference call. At this time, all parties will be on listen-only until the question-and-answer portion. Also today's call is being recorded. (Operator Instructions) I’d now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
John Eldridge: Thank you Brian and welcome all of you to our conference call for the first quarter of fiscal 2010. Speakers on today's call are John McAdam, President and CEO and Andy Reinland, Senior VP and Chief Financial Officer. Other members of our executive team are also with us to answer questions following our prepared comments. If you have questions following today's call, please direct them to me at 206-272-6571. If you haven't seen a copy of today's press release, it’s available on our website www.f5.com. In addition, you can access an archived version of today's live webcast in the events calendar page of our website through April 21. From 4:30 pm today until midnight Pacific Time January 21, you can also listen to a telephone replay at 800-217-1705, 402-220-3900. During today's call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by those statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our quarterly release described in detail on our SEC filings. Please note that F5 Networks has no duty to update any information presented in this call. With that, I'll turn the call over to Andy Reinland.
Andy Reinland: Thank you, John. Q1 of fiscal 2010 was a quarter of solid growth for F5. Revenue of $191.2 million was up 9% sequentially from $175.1 million in the prior quarter and above our guided range of $182 to $187 million. GAAP EPS of $0.36 per diluted share was above our guided range of $0.31 to $0.33. Excluding stock-based compensation expense, non-GAAP EPS of $0.52 per diluted share was also above our guidance of $0.47 to $0.49. Product revenue of $119.2 million grew 9% sequentially and represented 62% of total revenue. Service revenue of $71.9 million also grew 9% sequentially and accounted for 38%. Book-to-bill for the quarter was greater than one. On a regional basis, the Americas represented 58% of total revenue. AMEA accounted for 24%, APAC, 11% and Japan, 6%. Revenue from our core application delivery networking business was $178.7 million or 93% of total revenue. Revenue of $5.7 million from our ARX file virtualization products was up from $5.4 million in the prior quarter and accounted for 3% of total revenue. FirePass revenue of $6.8 million declined slightly from Q4 and represented 4% of total revenue. During Q1, the financial vertical was 31% of revenue driven in part by shipping a significant portion of the large financial deal, one in Q4. Telco accounted for 21%; all government was 12%, including 7% for US Federal. At 12% of revenue, the technology vertical is lower than normal. It is worth noting that technology bookings were, in fact, up from the prior quarter and exceeded our internal forecast. The decrease in the number reported is a reflection of a mix shift in our backlog. As we shift out a significant portion of our large financial deal from beginning backlog, we saw a sizable increase in technology orders reflected in our ending backlog. As I already mentioned, book-to-bill for Q1 was greater than one, resulting in backlog increasing over the prior quarter. During Q1, we had two greater than 10% distributors, tech data which accounted for 12.5% of revenue and Avnet which represented 11.6%. Moving down the income statement, GAAP gross margin in Q1 was 79.5%. Excluding approximately $1.6 million of stock based compensation expense, non-GAAP gross margin was 80.4%. GAAP operating expenses of $108.3 million were within our target range of $105 million to $109 million. Excluding $15.5 million of stock-based compensation expense, non-GAAP operating expenses were $92.8 million. GAAP operating margin was 22.9%. Non-GAAP operating margin, which exclude stock based compensation expense was 31.8%. Our GAAP effective tax rate was 35.5%. Excluding stock based compensation, our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 33.7%. On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $647 million in cash and investments. Cash flow from operations was $74 million. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 309,000 shares of our common stock at an average price of $48.47 per share for a total of approximately $15 million. DSO ended the period at 51 days. Inventories the quarter end were $14.8 million. Deferred revenue increased 15% sequentially to $211.4 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $3.6 million and depreciation and amortization expense was $6 million. We ended the quarter with approximately 1740 employees, an increase of 95 from the prior quarter. Moving on to the Q2 outlook, informing our view on revenue guidance, we recognize that Q2 is typically our seasonally softest quarter. However, we also see continued strength in our key drivers and a solid pipeline of business. These factors give us confidence that we will continue to see sequential revenue growth through the remainder of fiscal 2010. With this in mind, we're targeting Q2 revenue in the range of $195 million to $200 million. This guidance assumes book-to-bill for the quarter will be equal to one. We expect GAAP gross margin in the 79% to 80% range including approximately $1.5 million of stock based compensation expense. We anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of $110 million to $114 million. This includes approximately $15.5 million of stock based compensation expense. Our GAAP EPS target is $0.36 to $0.38 per diluted share. Excluding stock compensation, our non-GAAP EPS target is $0.52 to $0.54 per diluted share. We are forecasting an effective tax rate of 37%, excluding stock based compensation we expect a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 33%. We plan to increase our headcount by 60 to 80 employees in the current quarter. We estimate our DSO will be in the low 50s. We expect inventory levels within a range of $15 million to $17 million and we believe our cash flow from operations will be in excess of $55 million. This reflects the impact of two large tax payments we make during Q2 per our normal tax payment schedule. With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
John McAdam: Thanks, Andy and good afternoon everyone. I was very pleased with our performance in our first quarter of fiscal year 2010. The sales and revenue momentum that we experienced in the second half of fiscal 2009 continued into Q1. All our major regions except for Japan met or exceeded our internal forecast. Japan sales were slightly below our internal expectations, but we do expect to see both sequential and year-over-year growth in Japan in this current quarter. Business in both the Americas and Asia Pacific were solid in Q1 and the start of the quarter was the AMEA region where we saw strong revenue and sales booking growth driven by several large deals above $1 million in value. Once again, our services business produced stellar results with solid sequential growth and a significant increase in deferred revenue. From a product perspective, our ADC business continued to be the main driver of our overall growth. With the product refresh that we completed over the last 12 months and the major software upgrade of TMOS Version 10.0, we believe that our competitive position is the strongest it has ever been and we intend to continue not momentum and technology leadership during fiscal 2010 with a significant array of new product introductions. Our ARX business was up slightly on a sequential basis. However, we believe we can improve on that performance given the extraordinary ROI that ARX delivers to our customers. We issued a press release a few weeks ago highlighting a couple of senior management hires for the ARX team and we have also increased our headcount in the ARX sales marketing services and product development. The new ARX 2000 system is now shipping and we expect it 2000 to become the most popular ARX product. As I mentioned earlier, we'll be introducing a wide range of new products and software functionality during fiscal 2010. We have started shipping TMOS Version 10.1 known internally as our Equinox release, which brings a wide range of new functionality and performance to the ADC line of products.
 : Three important areas of new functionality include an access policy management module, a major increase in the performance of our WAN optimization module and a new edge gateway solution. The big IP access policy manager, APM, is fully integrated into TMOS and interoperates with the other big IP modules. APM drives identity and access services into the network. APM allows customers to consolidate network infrastructure, scale web access management and provide better security for applications. It gives customers a perk to use application layer information and network traffic to drive dynamic control policies through our visual policy editor while performing at network speeds. With the TMOS Version 10.1 WAN optimization module, we now deliver the highest performing one optimization control in the market to data center republications with performance above 10 gigabits per second. As well as improving application time by 8 to 10 times, this new module also includes unique policy based SSL encryption. The BIG-IP Version 10.1 edge gateway unifies and optimizes access to the data center. It combines next generation SSL VPN remote access, acceleration, security and higher availability functions on our TMOS platform. It also includes a BIG-IP edge remote access client to provide optimized access for mobile users and remote offices. Our edge gateway of our broader application for the controller division and is the first step in converging security with acceleration on our TMOS platform. TMOS, BIG-IP edge gateway to provide up to ten times the performance of competitive solutions at half the price. Significantly increasing our technology leadership, from a platform perspective, you should also expect to see several new products being introduced in fiscal 2010, including, at polar range of systems and the turbo appliances with a fab to after Annual Investors Conference last November. At the conference call talked in some detail about the improved data center scalability and manageability to be provided by our unique virtual plus the multiprocessing architecture, VCMP, you should also expect to see significant announcements regarding virtualization of our product during the year, staffing in a relatively short time. As far as the outlook is concerned, I feel optimistic about our business prospects for the remainder of fiscal 2010. Obviously, we remain cautious given the experiences of the first half of fiscal 2009 where we saw pauses in spending by our customers. Having said that; we feel very positive about our market opportunities and our competitive leadership, and we indicated that we now expected a lot of sequential revenue growth in each quarter of fiscal 2010. Our pipeline for future business is very strong. Market drivers for our business continue to increase at significant rates including the accelerating growth and storage requirement, data center consolidation projects and the significant growth in mobile data and mobile applications. The F5 Solutions occupies strategic control points across global data centers and we're extremely well positioned to take advantage of these market drivers. In conclusion, I would like to thank the entire F5 team, our partners and the customers for their support last quarter and will now hand the call over for Q-and-A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Brian White - Ticonderoga.
Brian White - Ticonderoga: Wondering if you could talk a little bit about the $35 million deal you announced on the last call. I think half of that was going to be products in what percent of that product was actually recognized in the quarter?
Andy Reinland: In the current quarter for Q1, you're correct, about half of it was product. We shipped about two-thirds of that roughly in the current quarter, so that became revenue in the current quarter, but I do want to highlight our book-to-bill still was greater than one for the quarter. So, our backlog did sequentially go up.
Brian White - Ticonderoga: As we look forward, obviously it has been a phenomenal quarter based on that recognition of revenue, as we look forward, what areas in terms of verticals are you seeing the most activity right now?
Mark Anderson: The issue here as we need to talk about the backlog business we have as well. If you look at Q2 in particular, you’re going to see telecom being pretty strong, technology being pretty strong and finance be strong. Interestingly enough, if you look at the bookings that we did last quarter, not just the revenue, it was pretty much normal in the 20% range for the three big vessels.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co: Andy wanted to drill again into this large deal we mentioned you’ve recognized significant portion of that large deal in the quarter. Can you tell us if you break it down, if you look at your core business is it fair to say that you recognized more than you expected of that deal and how did your core business outside of that large deal really performed? With regards to the remaining one-third of product that you haven't shipped, is all of that coming in the March quarter?
John McAdam: Obviously, shipments in the labs project were very customer driven so, we follow the customers. We had no major expectations. Obviously, we did say we expected to ship throughout the fiscal year so, no major expectations. In terms of the rest of the business, it was obviously very solid given the book-to-bill issue going up.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co: Yes, but John, I'm trying to drill in a little bit deeper as to where was the upside relative to your own expectations. Was it from the deal? Or was it from the rest of your business?
John McAdam: It was from the rest of the business. No question. I mean we knew about the deal, going into the quarter. So, our technology business was very strong and Andy mentioned yes, apart from Japan as I mentioned, it was across geographies and across the vertical.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co: Is the remaining product revenue on that transaction coming in this March quarter and from this point going forward, it’s going to be just service…?
John McAdam: We would expect to ship in this quarter but again, we'll do it by customer direction.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Ader - William Blair.
Jason Ader - William Blair: I wanted to ask you about ARX. Can you give us a sense of, over the last year or so, maybe how you position the product and how you've learned from maybe some of the challenges you've had and what's really the plan going forward in terms of trying to boost the revenues to get to the double digit type…?
John McAdam: I mean doing it in terms of over the years, of course there was a little beginning of fiscal 2009, and it included more things because of the economy. Specifically, the ARX obvious to, is that we need to get more focused and more specialization. To be Frank, the channel isn't quite there. That's why we've been investing in specialists. I mentioned that we did a press release in two very senior hires with a lot of story expertise both in sales and marketing. They're up and running and joined the company and already up and running and have been involved in the strategy going forward. We've also hired across the board actually in functions in terms of specialists and you know, we think that's going to bear fruit. We're absolutely convinced about the solution. We're convinced about the ROI and the market and really, we're convinced this is not a sales and marketing execution. We're very focused on being successful on it.
Jason Ader - William Blair: Since you bought the assets though, aren't there a lot of other kind of newer technologies that have come out that may mute the impact of what Acopia was designed to do in file virtualization? It seems like if you look at some of the players in the storage market that come out with cluster file systems, which provide the non-scalability, if you look at like a net series, it allows you to virtualizes third party arise. It just seems like in the last couple of years since the Acopia acquisition, there have been some competitive offerings that have come out that seem like there are alternatives, at least, to going with file virtualization. How do you guy position against things like that?
John McAdam: I mean, a quick answer is not at all. We did the North American quarterly business earlier this week and it’s interesting. We had some people actually making the quarter in the ARX only. When you look at the competitive aspects, it was almost nil. It was almost zero. Brocade had a product in end-of-life that we don't see much. It’s only heterogeneous solution out there. In terms of the clustered file storage issue, we see the opportunity as partners were still partnering with the data, the main site of the EMC partnership. That's the one going. So no, we don't see that. I mean if we see that, we would call it out, but we're convinced it needs more specialized focus on their end.
Jason Ader - William Blair: So, the pitch is basically heterogeneous.
John McAdam: Yes, on the massive ROI.
Operator: Your next question comes from Samuel Wilson - JMP Securities.
Samuel Wilson - JMP Securities: Just a quick question, this is kind of qualitative, but I want to get a sense for average deal size that you're seeing in December quarter versus six months ago and versus like a couple of years ago. I'm kind of looking for a question of are customers back to normal in terms of the size of the deals in the purchasing they're doing right now in the December quarter?
Andy Reinland: Yes. Actually Sam, what we've seen over really the last three or four quarters and we believe this is mix driven. So VIPRION, 8900, 6900, what we're measuring now is our average order size trend up pretty nicely. As far as two years ago, comparing it, to be honest with you, I actually don't have that data because we used to give average deal size which just got to be too difficult to ascertain. We switched to this average order size. We've really been tracking that over the last year to year and a half, but we have been seeing it trend up. I think mark might have some color on that.
Mark Anderson: I think what we're also seeing is certainly in the second half of 2009. We saw customers really buying based on urgent necessity, but minimizing the expense because they were certainly top line concerned. I think in the last six months, we've seen that open up quite a bit. So we're seeing people buy bigger configurations, we're seeing people buy more boxes, more data center consolidation. Just more projects that I talked about at the analyst conference back in November.
Operator: Your next question comes from Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray.
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: A couple of quick questions here, I’m curious if John maybe could talk about your traction with the VM partnership and then is there any way to quantify maybe like a percentage of unit shipments that are front ending virtualized servers.
John McAdam: Yes, the traction is being extremely well and in fact we actually track that now within www.salesforce.com, we actually measured it. We wouldn't give out any numbers on this Troy, but it’s increasing rapidly. So the number of virtualization deals that we're seeing that we're working across the board obviously VM is the most common one, gone up very significantly over the last nine months.
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: John, you've given over the last couple of quarters, the percentage of systems that are running for Version 4.0 operating system? I was wondering if you could update us.
John McAdam: Julian's just telling me it’s approximately 15% still.
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: 15%, I thought it was 9% at your Analyst Day or am I mistaken here?
John McAdam: I mean, we'll check that Troy, but we think it’s 15%, but we'll check it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Marshall - Broadpoint AmTech.
Brian Marshall - Broadpoint AmTech: Question with regards to the ramp in the OpEx, it looks like on a pro forma basis, we increased a little over $8 million. Going forward, I was wondering with regards to the leverage in the model, I mean seems like you're going to be increasing your rates of hiring going forward. So, just wonders if terms of sustainability of that ramp in the future, looks like over the past couple of years, you've averaged a couple million dollars incremental add on the quarterly base. I wondering, if that, do you expect that to up tick a little bit in the next couple of quarters?
Andy Reinland: As we've said, we definitely invest behind revenue. So, that's the mode that we make decisions in relative to our spanned headcount, other investments. The last couple of quarters, we've been at this above 31% operating margin level. I think if you layout the numbers that we gave you, relative to our revenue, span, and gross margin, you'll see that for the coming quarter, we think we'll stay in that relevant range right there, about 31%. I would want to highlight that do think that's a sustainable model. We're top line driven. We want to grow our revenue. We're going to invest to do that, but we do believe overall our margin structure, we can sustain it. We'll update you quarter-by-quarter, tell you what we plan to hire and then as we always say, we'll watch our revenue very closely. We track it. We get revenue daily. We track it weekly. We assess how we're doing against expectations, histories, seasonality, and we make our investment decisions accordingly.
Brian Marshall - Broadpoint AmTech: Then final question with regards to the Telco service provider vertical, it looks like this has been kind of low 20s in terms of mix of total revenue. Would you expect that to up tick here in the next couple of quarters as service providers’ start coming back to the wealth so to speak?
Andy Reinland: Absolutely, as I'm sure you know, a lot of Telco’s will shutdown their network additions in the December timeframe. So we really expect to see some traction. We have some good sized projects that we're getting traction on this quarter and for the rest of 2010.
John McAdam: Yes and as we've said, it is based on mobile data applications. We just don't see that slowing up in the short term. Because remember, very much at the layer seven user added value end of that. That's just staffing.
Andy Reinland: All of the browsers on Blackberries, on iPhones are driving network traffic through the roof.
Brian Marshall - Broadpoint AmTech: Safe to say this is probably your fastest growing vertical for the calendar year 2010?
John McAdam: Probably, but there's also some other stuff going on in the technology area as well and federal, we're feeling very good about federal business. I mean it was down sequentially U.S. federal, which you would expect last quarter. However, it was the best Q1 federal that we've ever had. So we know we have a lot of projects, when we look at the year, we think, we feel good of it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Sue - RBC Capital.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital:  Hi, Mark Sue, RBC Capital, John, is there any notion of cash expense from the lack of spending last year and are we resuming a lot of these projects? Is there a time ticket to a lot of these projects that you're seeing now and your thoughts of maybe relative strength, the first half versus the second half of this year and I ask because typically, you say the goal is to grow revenue sequentially each quarter. Now, you're saying you absolutely positively will grow revenues in the quarter.
Andy Reinland: I think the word that John always talking about is believed, we believe. In terms of the catch ups, I mean I guess there must have been some catch-up because I use the phrase plush in the first half and I pick that word specifically because it was only a cause. We didn't see a massive amount of budget plush as such. We didn't see much of that. That the guidance Andy talks about for this current quarter which is normally a soft quarter for us historically. That guidance is based on book-to-bill equal to one. So, clearly, we feel pretty bullish about that and as I said in my bet, the market drivers look good for us data sense a consolidation, virtualization, cloud computing and mobile data all feel good. So, I don't think it has been a massive catch-up and then there's going to be a delay. It doesn't look like that, but, I always throw in that cautious thing given the events of a year ago.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital: Is there any part on the length of visibility, just kind of how that's changed from a year ago? Can you kind of see pretty clearly six months out at this point?
Andy Reinland: That would be two strong we feel good about our visibility in the quarterly basis. We feel reasonable about it on a six monthly basis. I also mentioned our pipeline is very solid. All of the pipeline metrics are looking very good.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill: Signal hill. First off for the March quarter, do you always forecast based on a book-to-bill equal to one?
Andy Reinland: Historically, that's been our about the methodology that we have applied to coming up with guidance.
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill: It seems like you've had book-to-bill at less than one in some versus that...
Andy Reinland: Well, actually, if you go back, I know at least the last three and probably four years, our book-to-bill in March has ended up being less than one, but we still guide based on equal to one. Typically, we're not making a statement that forever we're going to do that, but I think if we got more the sulfur and drive it, I would probably get some indication.
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill: Sounds like you had some pretty strong backlog right now. Are your lead times extended at all?
Andy Reinland: Yes, with the increase in demand we've seen out there generally for our business is we've gone out and dealt with the supply chain. We've seen some issues but our manufacturing team has been all over it and managed us through it well. So, the uncertain products, we've seen some extensions, but I think we're managing it pretty well.
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill: I would presume is being reluctant to add much more backlog though in light of extending lead times any further?
Andy Reinland: Yes, I think that's a fair assessment given the size of our business and the size of our backlog today.
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill: Lastly, the remote access product, it sounds like you’re just introducing the blades to support that. Is that something that is going to be contributing to revenues in the March quarter or where is that from a revenue perspective right now?
Karl Triebes: This is Karl. That APM module is actually available across our entire hardware line up. Its not just available on the PB 200 play. So, it just like any of our other modules that were release it’s typically we make them available across our newer platforms. So, everything from 1600 all the way up to PB 200 customers should be able to license that module.
Dan Matte: Eric, this is Dan. One of the things with the latest Version 10.1 in the software, there is in of a lot of John mention like 118 different features including APM spoke about edge gateway as well and a myriad of other things. We actually embarked on the launch process for that toward the end of November and now we'll actually continue out into this quarter as well. So, you'll see more things, but we do expect that to contribute to revenue this quarter.
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill: Is the secure access piece getting much adoption?
Mark Anderson: Early days now, but yes, I'm looking forward to good things from that. The reaction from a presales systems engineering force when they were trained on it was pretty positive. We've used that as a very good litmus test.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Kvaal - Barclays Capital.
Jeff Kvaal - Barclays Capital: Andy, a couple of questions for you, one is in recent quarters, you've talked about the closed rate assumptions that you've used in setting your guidance. Is that something you can share with us this time?
Andy Reinland: Yes, definitely we've talked directionally about that. About the level of conservatism and I think, if you compare it to prior to the economy kind of dipping down a year plus ago, we're not back to those levels yet, but I think with the increased visibility that we feel we have now, the confidence in our business, we probably have brought that up a little bit compared to last quarter. Also, the close levels of this quarter actually were assuming less than last quarter. So, we're assuming more conservatism. However, I do want to give you the wrong impression here. In reality, Q1 close levels, the close levels in this quarter of Q2 do tend to be slightly behind anyway. So, we're almost back to normal one quarter versus the other comparison. So more conservative in last quarter, but we should expect to do that anyway.
Jeff Kvaal - Barclays Capital: So, it’s fair to say that if you're now feeling comfortable enough to inject less conservatism in those assumptions than you might have for the past four or five quarters.
John McAdam: That's correct.
Jeff Kvaal - Barclays Capital: The corollary, I guess, to you talking about book-to-bill, equal to one in March are then while March obviously isn't going to be as weak this year as you had prepared us for in the past, it does seem as though there's some likelihood, that it may still be the weakest quarter of the fiscal year. Is that a fair assumption?
John McAdam: I wouldn't categorize it this way. Certainly, at the beginning, when we talked to the conference in November, Andy mentioned that we expect to grow sequentially, but possibly not in the March quarter. Clearly, we're more optimistic now than that. I think from a March perspective, this is what looking like a pretty solid quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Hutchinson - Lazard Capital Markets
Ryan Hutchinson - Lazard Capital Markets: I want to try and look at another way everyone's asking sort of the same question. The book-to-bill is greater than one. The pipeline is there. The close rates are better or a little bit more conservative given the seasonality, but I think what's on everyone's mind is the fact that this large deal which everyone, certainly myself, thought would be more linear in fashion was indeed a little more front end loaded. At the same time, you're giving pretty aggressive guidance in the March quarter. John, I know you've quantified it in a number of different ways, but maybe dig down a bit deeper in terms of more large deals that you have and the more tricks in your bag. Just more color around the guidance you provided.
John McAdam: Yes, I think it’s pretty straightforward actually. The last deal that we got as we said it was right at the end of the quarter and went into backlog moving into the quarter we just finished. We're moving into this quarter with more backlogs. So that the big deal from that perspective in terms again it becomes irrelevant almost, because it’s all about our bookings rate and our bookings rate was very, very solid last quarter. Then we also mentioned our pipeline in general is very strong right now. So, the backlog of book-to-orders is bigger and the pipeline is bigger.
Ryan Hutchinson - Lazard Capital Markets: I'm assuming there are probably some additional large deals on top of that we haven't uncovered yet in the field.
John McAdam: With a backlog going up, we obviously won a number of big deals. We talked to the technology, they escalate tend to be bigger deals, but it’s not something we talk about publicly.
Ryan Hutchinson - Lazard Capital Markets: Finally, just a clarification should the sales and marketing line dip down or be flattish on a sequential basis in absolute dollar terms?
Andy Reinland: I think in absolute dollar terms, you'll see it go up with sales and marketing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Min Park - Goldman Sachs.
Min Park - Goldman Sachs: Just a couple of quick questions, I just wanted to first see if you can give us your thoughts on the competition more broadly and if you can comment on any changes in your win rates this quarter versus prior periods?
John McAdam: We're not seeing. I mean, I mentioned in my introduction that I think this is the strongest competitive position we've been in. So that's a pretty clear indication of what we view. We haven't seen much change. We don't see much of Cisco in the field. We see Citrix obviously and then we have some other smaller players, but there's really no significant change. Obviously, we won't see this. We did gain share last quarter and we'll see what happens next quarter given this result. So one more thing, obviously the gross margins have been very solid which is probably the best indicator of competition.
Min Park - Goldman Sachs: Then have you seen any changes in the pace of your new customer ads and also Andy, if you can give us a breakdown of revenue between current customers and new customers?
Andy Reinland: Actually, the way it broke down was we were at about 69% from existing customers. This quarter, which is actually up a little bit, we still think that's indicative of the economy. Also the large deal we've been talking about came from an existing customer and that impacted it. We still feel good about our new customer additions. We'll watch it very closely as we evaluate our growth opportunities there and we feel good.
John Eldridge: This is John Eldridge. We'll take two more callers and then we're going to wrap it up, okay. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank.
Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank: A couple of questions, John on ARX, you put a lot of resources in. You're hiring a lot of resources and people lot of EMS. You’re hiring a lot of people into that. When does that become more significant as say a 10% piece of business? Then your AMEA business, it seemed to perk up in the quarter. What are you seeing? Anything you can bribe in terms of color over how Europe is doing overall?
John McAdam: With ARX, we have a goal this fiscal to on a quarterly basis, get to double digits in revenue. We're pretty convinced once that starts that we'll start to see the momentum. The momentum builds momentum. That's a short term goal. We haven't given anymore after that, for example, we're not seeing when we would expect it to be 10%. We do think by the way the drivers in other side of our business are very strong. So from a percentage point of view, I'm not so concerned about that. It’s more about getting absolute dollars up in ARX. Then I mentioned AMEA was the star of the quarter. They had a very solid quarter both in terms of revenue growth and sales bookings growth as well, so which bodes well of course for this quarter. The main reason, we have had a change of management in AMEA over a year ago. It’s clearly having an effect overall. They're winning really big deals. I mentioned several deals above $1 million. Our staffing looks like the profile here in the United States, and allows the perspective. So that's the trend we want to see in all geographies.
Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank: Finally, on Japan, do you talking about Japan being better this quarter. Is that because you got a new brand blade into customers over there that’s starting to shift this quarter?
John McAdam: Precisely more related to seasonality and we're coming towards the financial year end in Japan. So we’d expect to see that and that's what the forecast is indicating.
Operator: Your final question comes from Jeff Luber - Wells Fargo Securities.
Jeff Luber - Wells Fargo Securities: Couple of questions, first, can you discuss TMOS Version 10.0 penetration rates and to what extent product strength is being driven by hardware upgrades fueled by the adoption of the operating system?
John McAdam: We don't give out specific data on the actual penetration rates. Most of the stuff we're shipping though unless the customer requests it is no V 10.0. The real issue is when we bring V 10.0, we add new functionality and like V 10.1 we talked about with the extra module, that's the real interest because that drives incremental revenue, but from a penetration point of view, it is pretty significant now in terms of the number of shipments. I don't think we have the actual percentages, but it is key operating system revision that goes out after the customers.
Jeff Luber - Wells Fargo Securities: Then from a vertical basis, it look like sales in the financial vertical were up more than $30 million sequentially suggesting an up tick in business from financial customers outside of the large deal. Can you discuss what you're seeing in the vertical and whether or not there are other large deals that are contributing to the strength and how we should think about the financial vertical over the remainder of the year?
John McAdam: We consolidation is definitely a big opportunity. Business consolidation that then drives data center IT consolidation that drives data center consolidation. That's going to be I think a continue opportunity for us. I did see, by the way, that from a bookings perspective, the verticals were pretty much inline. So, yes, it was strong. I think it was above the 20% mark. That's pretty much in the norm for a good, strong financial, but yes, financial technology and obviously service provider are still they're the key ones that we would expect to see in the 20% plus range maybe slightly below 20, but usually above 20%.
Jeff Luber - Wells Fargo Securities: Then finally on ARX, some of the large Wall Street banks were early adopters of the product, now that you're seeing some of the financial customers come back and put money to work, are you seeing renewed interest in ARX amongst these customers and how is that impacting the outlook for this product going forward?
John McAdam: Yes, I mean we have been seeing multiple shipments in some of the sales that we've actually done either before or around acquisitions so we have seen some of that. Our main focus is getting new customers and driving across the verticals and that's been slow, but with the focus I think we're putting in from an investment, we want to see that increasing.
Jeff Luber - Wells Fargo Securities: Right now, ARX majority is not from a financial vertical, is that correct?
John McAdam: I think it depends on the quarter there's been quarters where the financial vertical with ARX has been pretty solid actually.
Andy Reinland: Thank you all very much for joining us. We look forward to seeing many of you during the coming quarter.
Operator: Thank you. That thus does conclude the call for today. You may disconnect your phone lines at this time.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-04-22 16:30:00) =====
Executives: John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Dan Matte - Senior Vice President of Marketing and Business Development Karl Triebes - Senior Vice President of Product Development and Chief Technical Officer John Eldridge - Director of Investor Relations 
Analysts: Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray John Marchetti - Cowen and Company Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Company Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan Brian Marshall - Broadpoint AmTech Jeffrey Kvaal - Barclays Capital Manjal - Jefferies Jason Ader - William Blair Richard Sherman - MKM Partners  Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the F5 second quarter financial results conference call. At this time, all parties will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion. Also today’s conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
John Eldridge: Thank you, Sarah. Welcome everybody to our conference call for the second quarter of fiscal 2009. Speakers on today’s call are John McAdam, President and CEO and Andy Reinland, Senior VP and Chief Financial Officer. Other members of our executive team are also with us to answer questions following our prepared comments. If you have questions following today’s call, please direct them to me at 206-272-6571. If you don’t have a copy of today’s press release, it’s available on our website www.f5.com. In addition, you can access an archive version of today’s live webcast in the Events Calendar page of our website through July 22. 4:30 PM today until midnight Pacific Time, April 23, you can also listen to a telephone replay at 866-463-4179 or 203-369-1387. During today’s call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements, including words such as believe, anticipate, expect, and target. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our quarterly release and described in detail on our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Andy Reinland.
Andy Reinland: Thank you, John. While the economy continued to exert pressure on revenue in Q2, the cost controls we implemented during the quarter enabled us to achieve our profitability objectives and demonstrate our continued commitment to meet or exceed our operating margin targets. As we stated in our release in conference call on April 7, revenue for the second quarter of fiscal 2009 was 154.1 million, below our guided range of 157 million to 164 million. Despite the revenue shortfall, GAAP EPS of $0.24 per diluted share exceeded our target range of $0.19 to $0.21. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.38 per diluted share, which was at the high end of our guided range. Product revenue of 94.1 million represented 61% of total revenue. Service revenue of 60 million accounted for 39%. Book-to-bill for the quarter was below one. North America accounted for 55% of total revenue; EMEA contributed 23%, APAC 13%, and Japan 9%. Revenue from our core application delivery controller business was 143.5 million and accounted for 93% of total revenue. ARX revenue was 4.5 million, representing just under 3% of total revenue and revenue from FirePass was 6.1 million, slightly under 4%. During Q2, Telco represented 26% of total revenue. The financial sector represented 22%, and technology accounted for 20%. U.S. Federal government was 3% of revenue, and total government accounted for 7%. Avnet Technologies was our only greater than 10% distributor at 15.5% of total revenue. Our GAAP gross margin for the quarter was 76.3%. Excluding stock-based compensation of 1.3 million and a 1.3 million patent-related legal settlement, our non-GAAP gross margin was 77.9%. One additional comment on gross margin; it’s worth noting that in Q2 we recorded a charge to product COGS of approximately $2.1 million to increase our inventory reserve related to components for our legacy platforms. This charge had an impact of approximately 225 basis points to both GAAP and non-GAAP product margin. GAAP operating expenses of 94.3 million were below our guided range of 100 million to 105 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses, which exclude 12 million in stock-based compensation expense and 4.3 million of restructuring charges, were 78 million. Our GAAP operating margin was 15.1%. Non-GAAP operating margin which excludes stock-based compensation expense, the restructuring charge, and the patent related legal settlement improved to 27.4%, reflecting a benefit related to the deductibility of stock-based compensation in one of our international theaters. Our GAAP effective tax rate was 25.3%; our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 31.7%. On the balance sheet, we generated $39.2 million in cash flow from operations above our $35 million target for the quarter. We ended the quarter with $499 million in cash and investments after repurchasing approximately 1.3 million shares of our common stock for $27.4 million. DSO improved to 53 days compared to 55 days in the prior quarter. Inventories at quarter end were 15 million, deferred revenue ended of the quarter at $160.5 million, an increase of $4.5 million from the prior quarter.  Capital expenditures for the quarter were $2.6 million, and depreciation and amortization expense was $7.7 million. Headcount at quarter end was approximately 1605 employees, a 6% reduction from the prior quarter. Turning to our outlook, we remained very confident in the strength of our business model, our market position and our technology leadership. And while we are encouraged by improved closed rates in March and the first three weeks of April, visibility remains a challenge, and we feel it is prudent to provide a broad range of revenue guidance for the current quarter. Accordingly, we have set a revenue target in the range of $148 million to $157 million for Q3. We expect GAAP gross margin in the 77% to 78% range, including approximately 1 million of stock based compensation expense. To achieve our operating margin targets, we will continue to closely manage discretionary spending, while ensuring adequate investment in programs to maintain our technology in market leadership. During Q3, GAAP operating expenses are expected to be in the range of $89 million to $95 million, including appropriately $12.5 million of stock based compensation expense. Our GAAP EPS target is $0.22 to $0.25 per diluted share. Excluding stock based compensation expense, our non-GAAP EPS target is $0.35 to $0.38 per diluted share. We are forecasting an effective tax rate of 34.5%, and we expect a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 31.5%. We estimate DSO’s will be in the mid 50’s. We expect inventory levels within a range of 14 million to 16 million, and we forecast cash flow from operations will be in excess of $45 million. With that I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
John McAdam: Thanks Andy and good afternoon everyone. As I mentioned on our prerelease conference call on April 7, we experienced a tough business environment during the second fiscal quarter. We believe the shortfall in revenue, which occurred across all our major geographies was directly associated with the slowdown in the economy. We continue to enjoy a very strong competitive position in our core application to other the networking market, and we do not believe competition was a factor. Despite the revenue shortfall, I am very pleased that we produced solid operating profits and in particular delivered a non-GAAP operating margin above 27%. We also saw continued strength in cash from operations ending the quarter with almost $0.5 billion in cash and investment with new debt and that’s after repurchasing over $27 million worth of a common stock during the quarter. Our services business continues to deliver solid sequential and year-over-year growth with another increase in the deferred revenue. I was also pleased to see a sequential increase in our file virtualization business in Q2. Our ARX file virtualization products offer our customers a very attractive ROI by optimizing the file based storage environment and significantly reducing their capital spending requirements and on going operating costs of managing the storage architectures. As we documented in our recent press release, one of our customers was able to reduce anticipated spending on disc capacity by as much as 50% to 80%. And in an independent survey by TechValidate over half a ARX customers reported a pay back of 12 months or less. We suspect our core ADC business of product refresh initiatives are very much on track. We are seeing good traction with the new BIG-IP 6900 system and we continue to be pleased with the customer acceptance of an entry level product the BIG-IP 1600 and 3600. Our top end VIPRION product continues to be very successful, especially with high traffic throughputs required, including the service provider market for mobile Internet traffic continues to grow dramatically and with large Internet-based applications, such as social networking. Earlier this month, we reached a significant milestone with the introduction of the BIG-IP 8900, a new high-end appliance as well as TMOS version 10, a landmark release supporting F5’s vision of unified application and data delivery services. TMOS version 10 includes over a 130 new features and is a more significant software release that F5 has brought to the market since our original TMOS application release in September 2004. TMOS version 10 redefines our application services, storage, and network resources are aligned and managed that provides an agile framework to integrated emerging dynamic computing models, such as virtualization, cloud computing, and software-as-a-service without having to completely re-architect existing systems. The implementation of V10 can drive down cost by consolidating the application delivery infrastructure on a single platform, as well as providing the benefits of content and context awareness of applications running in the data center. We believe V10 will be a major differentiator for F5, as next generation data centers continue to evolve in large enterprises and service providers. As far as the company outlook is concerned, we continue to have limited visibility into future business and economic conditions. The weakness in the global economy is clearly making it difficult to forecast business even in the near term. Last quarter we experienced relatively strong bookings in the month of January, a steep decline in February and although business did pick in March, it was not enough to recover from the February shortfall. This quarter has started relatively well, but it would be premature to make any major assumptions given the experiences of the last couple of quarters. Having said that, we expect growth once again in our services business, and we remain confident in the strength of our market position and our technology leadership, which we now believe now, extends across an entire product line. We believe that over time TMOS version 10 will prove to be a significant driver of our business, as data centers continue to adopt virtualization functionality and cloud computing architectures. As Andy stated earlier, we are committed to maintaining our operating margins above 25%, and in spite of the formidable challenges with the global economy, I continue to remain very positive about F5’s strong position in the market and our future opportunities. We are leaders in the core ADC market. Our balance sheet and cash position are very strong. We enjoy significant technology leadership and our solutions continue to maintain a strategic position in the data center, providing key infrastructure to optimize applications in both existing and new next generation data centers. I’d like to thank the entire F5 team and their partners for their efforts in Q2. And with that, we’ll hand the call over for Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray.
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: Andy, historically March quarter you’ve always had a book-to-bill below 1, something like six or the past seven years, followed up with a book-to-bill above 1 for the June quarter. So I’m just curious if your guidance is reflecting expectations bill backlog?
Andy Reinland: When we give guidance, it’s more with the expectation of flat backlog.
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: Next for you Andy, the product gross margins down a little bit here sequentially, was that mix issue, pricing pressure or just absolute revenue levels?
Andy Reinland: No, as I said in my script, we actually took a charge this quarter that was pretty significant, so affected this by 225 basis points. And then you if you add into that another 140 basis points for the patent settlement I talked about, see where our gross margin on a GAAP basis was down about 76.3%. So, those should not reoccur and we’d expect to be back in our historical range next quarter.
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: One for John, John can you think about when you guys did launch Buffalo Jump? Can you give us a sense for how long it took before the new operating system really started gaining momentum with customers?
John McAdam: I mean obviously that was in September 2004 and these are different times, so I’ll talk about 2004. I’m not implying it’s going to the same in 2009, I wish it was. It was a pretty aggressive pickup. I mean in the first quarter, that means quarter after by 25% of our business was the NME got about 50% of our business, but what it did was, it did, in our opinion actually increased the market as well because market grew at the same time and I’m sure that’s not a coincidence.  Now TMOS version 9 was a very big architecture changes. This isn’t quite as much an architecture change with 10. It’s is more of a feature, with a lot of features if I could say approximately about 150. So it’s not quite seemed product to market. I don’t want expectation thinking it’s equal, but it’s definitely going in our opinion gave us significant competitive advantage.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Marchetti - Cowen and Company.
John Marchetti - Cowen and Company: Thanks. Cowen and Company. Just a quick question for you, Andy, on the guidance, you talked obviously about a much larger range this quarter. Just curious about some of the puts and takes between sort of the 148 at the low end and kind of how you get to the different ends of that guidance between the 148 and 157? What has to go right, what has to go wrong to be on either side of that?
Andy Reinland: We talked about, when we go into establishing our guidance, spending a lot of time looking at our pipeline and our factored pipeline, which is the deals that we expect to close within the current quarter. And, we put a lot of focus on the close rates that we’ve seen in the declining trends there.  Over the last three quarters when we’ve had the misses that we’ve had, we said, we’ve applied conservatism to that, and yet again, we think we’ve done that, but we’ve also spend a lot more time going through deals with management, getting more deep with the sales management on specific deals, really, really diving down into setting the proper expectations for the quarter, and where it ended up was just with a wider range, when we have the lack of visibility that we do. So, that put us a feeling that we needed to widen that range, took us down a little bit on the low end to the 148, but at the same time that 157 which would have some upside in it, some sequential growth. I was also looking at some deals that we see out there that could provide some good upside for us. So, that’s where we are at today, given the environment and led to that 9 million range.
John McAdam: Just to add to that. This is John. I mean, as Andy said visibility is tough, and he is talking of number of ways. I mean, if you look in the last couple of quarters, the patterns of business have been different. I mean, if you go back to the end of November, we were internally feeling very bullish. Our October and November business was extremely strong. It was up sequentially from the previous quarter, and then we saw a real slowdown at the very end of December.  The next quarter that one just finished was different, where we basically saw February has been the really improved area in terms of performance, and end marks started to take up as we have said. April is working good so far, but we’re not drawing any conclusions from that. So, the path in the business isn’t obvious either. It’s not that it’s all the back-end loaded, it’s not quite as simple as that.
John Marchetti - Cowen and Company: Just as a follow-up to that John. You know given the way the linearity did workout in the March quarter, do you get the sense of that February weakness was more from a delay of budgets getting approved by a lot of your customers or was it just everybody is being very, very careful, one eye on the economy, while the other ones on their network?
John McAdam:  Well. I mean, I think they both are very similar. There’s no doubt in our mind that people were very, very wary in February. In the March it was actually pretty down as well. I think there is going to be some link there but, yeah I mean budget is just well being spent in February.
John Marchetti - Cowen and Company: Just a last follow-up on that. To get to that higher end of the guidance that you mentioned early, have you look at some of those deals out there? How many of that are sort of getting to that higher end of the range is predicated on maybe getting some early attraction with the TMOS Version 10 and the new BIG-IP?
John McAdam: I don’t think it’s as much directly related to that. It’s just some bigger deals that we have been working for a while that if everything works out right can give us some upside this quarter?
Operator:  Our next question comes from Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets:  Hi, it’s RBC Capital Markets. John, by all measure June is supposed to be a seasonally better quarter. And from your dialogue, there seems to be something more then just a macro. Are there structural things going on? Do you think the market is maybe saturated as applications, which can become somewhat discretionary? Any thoughts just from a high level that would be helpful, John.
John McAdam:  No, I really don’t think. I think the value added we do, I could argue is increasing and that’s why we’re still doing the technology development with things like Version 10. So, we don’t feel that the market is saturating at all. What we’re seeing, what the fields are telling us. This is a perfect quarter of intense, deep-drawn what were the field and I don’t it could get anymore intense in what we’ve done over the last few weeks and with Mark Anderson and his team. So, we’ve got pretty good view of what the fields are telling us and it’s pretty simple. Its deals being pushed or the customer actually saw he could get. Sometimes we’re talking about a fairly Senior CIOs, internally making a big argument to get spend that are just not happening, because the CFO and Procurement are delaying it. That’s been really much across the board. So, I don’t think there is anything sinister in terms of our market change right now, and I think its pure economy.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: If I just looking at the application delivery revenues mathematically John, we’re back to from a product point 2006 levels. Is there any thought kind of add to the revenue growth? How should we model ARX going forward? How should we look at the other segments going forward, any thought there, if just the ADC revenues are….?
John McAdam:  Not really. Let me answer, I’m not going to give you the question tells or specifics, because we don’t give specific forecast by business. But, we’re very, very aware internally of the fact that to have another product line in a growth mode is critical to us. And ARX in particular, we believe is the one that we can and we’re doing a lot of stuff to make that happen.  Now, having said that, it’s a same old story with ARX in the short-term, which is nascent market, lot of evangelizing and the chances are that most organizations, certainly the Greenfield organization, that’s a great majority of them don’t have budgets that say to you, you’ve got this great ROI, but you need to prove it at the same time, which is a tough environment, but absolutely, we realize that ADC we still believe is absolutely a growth engine when the economy starts to pick up, but we want other one and ARX is definitely a candidate.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: And John just so, on ADC lastly, on the product base, just product, not services. What do you think that’s kind of probably at the bottom now?
John McAdam: I knew we got that question today. We are not going to call back and we are not going to call up because of visibility. I don’t want you to read anything negative into that, or positive, because visibility is a bit limited if you.  If you’d have asked me at the end of November for the December quarter and say things were, if we did update a quarter which we don’t, we’d have said things are extremely positive. March as I said was reasonable; April has started off reasonable, we’ll see.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Company.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Company: Oppenheimer. Thanks. John, maybe first on Acopia, can you tell me how much has the work with Data Domain helped contribute to that business and how do you see that going forward?
John McAdam: We started off the partnership about four months ago, I think in reality is when it happened and we started off with a pretty good awareness. It was a bit slow last quarter, but the stuff that actually from a development perspective that we’re working on that we think will make a big difference and will pick up. So, we’ve got high hopes for it, but it was limited in terms of actual numbers last quarter.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Company: And Andy, with regards to the service revenue, which again continues to grow very nicely, just by taking the midpoint of your guidance and your comment that you expect service revenue to grow again quarter-over-quarter, it implies that at the very least you’re expecting a decline possibly in product revenue again in the June quarter.  When is it that you think service revenues get hurt if product doesn’t reverse its course? How would you say is your level of visibility 12 months forward into that growth pattern of services right now versus what it was two quarters ago?
Andy Reinland: The visibility I would say is still similar but we just can’t ignore the reality of what we’ve seen with the product growth and obviously that’s going to affect the service growth over time. So given the assumption that product revenue doesn’t start to grow, we’ll see service revenue keep slowing. I think for the next two quarters definitely, it should still be fairly strong, not as strong as we saw last year but fairly strong.
Unidentified Company Representative: [Inaudible] the renewal business has been going very strong and we can see that continuing. The initial contract business is very much linked to the product, so we’ve obviously seen a bit of a decline on that compared to the direct correlation, but we can see going forward certainly couple of quarter, the growth is still there.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Company: And the gross margin on it, can it hold up above the 80% which you seem to have achieved this quarter?
Andy Reinland: I think over the next couple of quarters, it’s probably going to stay in that level just giving our expense management. It’s mainly people, so yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ehud Gelblum – JP Morgan.
Ehud Gelblum – JP Morgan: Hi, JP Morgan. A couple of questions if I could. First of all, John because of the victory on was doing very well at telcos. It looks like tech was up relatively well. It was about 10% sequentially if I do the math right.  Can you give us a sense of roughly what percent of telco is we are putting on now? What percent of anything else is that putting on that you can maybe go to the verticals and give us a sense of to break down what percentage of each vertical possibly is the high end versus low end, the refresh versus the prior products? Just to give us a sense as to how the product portfolio cycling through these verticals?
John McAdam: Yes. I don’t have those numbers in front of me Ehud. But, certainly if you take VIPRION specifically and telcos is the best network to take about and typically the deals are pretty big. So, we are seeing more than $1 million transactions. We’ve got a pretty strong pipeline as well of fairly big opportunities, is mainly in the mobile space. Then tells us percentages, I just don’t have that with me.
Ehud Gelblum – JP Morgan: Okay. Was that a large driver of that vertical?
John McAdam: Yes.
Ehud Gelblum – JP Morgan: Without that the vertical may not have grown as much?
John McAdam: No, question. Yes. It was immaterial and telco wanted the Internet space vertical.
Ehud Gelblum – JP Morgan: On the services side, how much of the growth and services that allow two, three, four quarters, was in anticipation of version 10 coming out, because I believe if you have the right maintenance service contract version 10 is essentially free? And how much of the people actually renewed their subscription or perhaps moved to a higher level of services subscription to get wafers and 10 and then could that have an impact 1% than actually it is out in the field to the growth in that business?
John McAdam: No, it will have no impacts. Its old software upgrades, probably maintenance contract, whether you buy standard basic that was the poll or the premium, you would still get that upgrades. So there has been no change to the pattern because of the version 10.
Andy Reinland: And in fact, overall we haven’t seen a change to the pattern in terms of service renewals. As Julian said earlier, obviously the initial contracts go down, if we don’t sell the products, but in terms of renewals, we really haven’t seen a significant pattern change, so definitely no link to V10.
Ehud Gelblum – JP Morgan: Okay. And now the 8900 is out actually?
John McAdam: It is.
Ehud Gelblum – JP Morgan: Did you see any change to 8800 sales; do they fall off heavily in advance of that? Do you get the sense as to how the refresh is going from one side of products to the other?
John McAdam: The 8900 is literally just been released. So, we’re talking in the last couple of weeks. It’s interesting; we already have some opportunities in the funnel, where the 8900 is a great consolidator product. I think it’s about 40% price performance faster than 80 or 100. 
Karl Triebes: This is Karl. It’s about 50% faster throughput wise and 2X faster on L7 transactions.
John McAdam: So it’s clearly going to have an effect in the 80 or 100 because the price performance is so significant, but it’s only a couple of weeks that it has been out.
Ehud Gelblum – JP Morgan: And what is the price versus the 8800?
Dan Matte: This is Dan. The price is as same as the 8800.
Ehud Gelblum – JP Morgan: So you get the higher performance. So, basically the 8800 just goes away. Was that part of the inventory right down that Andy that you were talking about?
Andy Reinland: Not that specifically. I mean, this was more for the transition across all the products, right. Since, we have done a refreshing going through the transition and in anticipation of a little bit slower transition, it’s actually gone better than we planned, and then combined with the economy just slowing down overall revenue, we ended up with component inventory that we wanted to put a bigger reserve against.
John McAdam: And remember we over the last nine months the 1600 and 3600 has similar metrics. They replaced the 15 and the 34, and they said yes. So there is no bigger change with the 8900.
Ehud Gelblum – JP Morgan: So, would you expect any further inventory write-downs of extra product or do you think you basically taken in and that’s all into account now?
Dan Matte: Well, given where I am today, all things being equal, I feel like we’ve got it covered.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Marshall - Broadpoint AmTech.
Brian Marshall - Broadpoint AmTech: Question with regards to the revenue levels, do you think you can support on top with your new workforce levels?
John McAdam: Well, first of all, if you look just at the very high level, we did reduction in workforce of 6%. Unfortunately, our year-over-year growth has been more than that. So I think we’re adequately covered.
Brian Marshall - Broadpoint AmTech: And so you think you can do revenues higher than 6%, obviously of a lower base?
John McAdam: Yes.
Brian Marshall - Broadpoint AmTech: And with regards to the integration of additional functionality and TMOS 10, is it safe to assume that over time FirePass and Acopia’s functionality will be merged, and so we’ll see one reported revenue line going forward?
Karl Triebes: Hi, this is Karl. The strategy always has been to take all vertical products and integrate these modules part of our TMOS suite of product base, suite of product. And I said this before in a road map session back in November that we’re trying and making FirePass or FirePass capabilities the technologies available as part of Version 10 in the future. So, you’ll be seeing that coming out.
Brian Marshall - Broadpoint AmTech: In terms of FirePass, I think it’s more and more integrated. We may take the decision to just have as part of the TMOS ADC that product suite that would make sense, and that’s consistent with what we’ve done. It’s very unlikely in the short-term you’ll see that with ARX.
Brian Marshall - Broadpoint AmTech: Okay, very good. One final question, any chance we can get any granularity on the high end mid-range and low end mix of BIG-IP or VIPRION?
Andy Reinland: I mean, from the level of VIPRION or you talking across the entire product line?
Brian Marshall - Broadpoint AmTech: Exactly. 
Andy Reinland: What we have seen, and we go back a year, a year-and-half and when we brought out our new entry level products, we wanted that mixed shift to kind of go back to the entry level and provide us more opportunity that we felt we weren’t seeing there. And we do feel that’s happening, and we’re seeing that percentage go up. Beyond that we don’t break out specific percentages.
Brian Marshall - Broadpoint AmTech: And that’s a change from a couple of quarters ago, correct, when you didn’t see that penetration of that new entry level product?
Andy Reinland: Well, I think we more answered it at the time that it was still early days, so we didn’t want to put any absolutes out there, but we feel pretty confident in what we’re seeing now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeffrey Kvaal - Barclays Capital.
Jeffrey Kvaal - Barclays Capital: Yes, it’s Barclays Capital. Thanks very much. My question is about, obviously the past several quarters, service growth has been positive, while the product revenue has gone the other way. Could you talk about some of the drivers behind that and to what extent we would expect that to continue in the future? I worry that there will be a falloff in the service revenues commensurate to at least in the same general direction as product revenues.
John McAdam: There’s really four constituents. The first is, consulting and training, which is the smallest piece of it, but that has probably fallen off the furthest already because that’s the first discretionary spend most companies tuck. So I don’t think that’s going to fall any further than it has. An issue is a direct correlation with the product sale, so that we’ll follow along with that, and renewal has continued in a very strong way. Add to that during this year, we have stopped to support version 4 and have reduced some of those contracts, so I can see the growth of renewal continuing for some time.
Jeffrey Kvaal - Barclays Capital: Okay. So even though the product revenue was now below the run rate that it’s been for the past year or so we should still expect service revenues for several more quarters, or do you think that there is a large piece of a service opportunities fell into for the next several quarters?
John McAdam: I think definitely it’s a couple more quarters, it’s not a case of looking for a base, it’s not contracted because our attach rates are still very high and have continued to that rate, but it’s making sure we can buy every initial contract into renewals as time period goes on and we’ve been successful doing that over the last five years or so.
Operator: Our next question comes from Manjal - Jefferies.
Manjal - Jefferies: This is [Manjal] for Bill with Jefferies. Two questions, hi guys. One on the service business, are you able to increase prices on the service contract?
Andy Reinland: Are we able to increase the prices, I mean we could, but I think the prices positioned not only industry standard but with what our customer base expects for the maintenance they are getting, if I’m understanding your question correctly?
Manjal - Jefferies: Yes. I know because I was wondering in anticipation of version or is it like a fixed price of product sales?
Andy Reinland: Loosely there, it’s a rough percentage, for standard it’s roughly 15% and then premium services can add on top of that or if they go with below standard, but I think how it set up is right in line with industry standards.
Manjal - Jefferies: Does that apply to renewals too?
Andy Reinland: Yes. I mean, one of the benefits we have is that we don’t see much of a drop off in price on the renewals at all.
Manjal - Jefferies: Okay. And second question, if John is going to explain or Dan maybe your relationship with the Bytemobile. And I know you announced that in February, just if you could give us more color as to the relationship and what do you expect from it?
Dan Matte: Yes, absolutely, Bill. This is Dan. So, Bytemobile is the company that provide some mobile optimization solution that they sell to wireless carriers around the globe. They have incorporated our technology as part of their solution as a way to scale it, like better performance and high availability for us. That’s essentially the nature of the relationships there and it’s been going quite well and the results that carriers are seeing worldwide are very, very positive and help them to squeeze a lot more capacity out of their existing networks. So it’s a win all the way around.
Manjal - Jefferies: Could you talk anything about, what kind of carrier international versus domestic and any sort of numbers or any quantitative measures?
Dan Matte: Yes, no metrics, but they are talking to and penetrating carriers around the globe.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Ader - William Blair.
Jason Ader - William Blair: It’s William Blair. Thank you. One question on the April booking commentary John, can you at least give us some sense of whether the bookings activity for the first three weeks of April were kind of in line with March, or I mean any kind of color on April bookings? Then you said, you were encouraged by it. Has it been momentum or is it sort of just kind of going at the same pace as March was?
John McAdam: We are in a more interest in doing comparisons as with the January month. So in other words, we have percentages for the first month and second month and then reasonably consistent even in these tough times and what we are seeing so far right. Remember, it’s three weeks, I think the three caveats already in this, I’m putting going, I don’t know other one. This is premature to make any decisions based on it, but so for example, if we are sitting here to deal with it, fairly significantly above January.
Jason Ader - William Blair: Then the second question for Andy. The discounting that you talked about on the pre-release, I actually didn’t hear you mentioned at this time, but it seems like that’s and from some of checks it does seem like discounting is picked not dramatically but definitely somewhat.  What I’m trying to figure out is how come your gross margins have held up as well as they have, I know that you have special charges this quarter, but kind of apples-to-apples it seems like gross margins have been quite strong with the last couple quarters. So, what is your like a positive force that’s outweighing the negative force of discounting?
Andy Reinland: Definitely, I mean person foremost with the product transition. The new platforms carry a better gross margin for us simply. So as we transition mark quickly, that adds to our product margin. At the same time, when we have talked about this a lot, I think both on the call and in different one-on-one meetings, we have our gross margin taskforce, a cross functional group. We divide up those key variables that we think have the biggest impact on gross margin, whether its supply chain, design issues, discounting. All these different areas that we think can impact the margins, and this group has goals. We meet every quarter, we drive the top-line as much as we can to give us the flexibility in the business, and this product transition was a part of that. We continue to do that very actively and it’s giving us benefit.
Jason Ader - William Blair: Has there been any impact from the software modules on TMOS?
Andy Reinland: Definitely. That’s actually the software module percentage sales across the boxes as one of the key variables that we track in these meetings. 
John McAdam: One of the things we’re excited about was the version 10, and I mentioned Version 10 is like with 130 features. We can not go through it in this call; it’s too complex for that. But, one of the issues is, first of all that you can run multiple modules in the product, which obviously allows just more software in the box.  We have always introduced licensing for try and buy, which frankly was pretty difficult to do previously, and we think that’s going to help. So, we think Version 10 with the features and the capability and performance should increase the number of software modules in total.
Jason Ader - William Blair: What are the most popular software modules at this point that you expect with the try and buy you’ll be able to pick more momentum?
John McAdam: Things like application security module is a really interesting one, because it doesn’t just do application security, it does lot of measurement capability. It gives you a lot of performance statistics to be able to actually try that rather than have a significant work associated with having to try is going to make big difference I think. WebAccelerator is another one with a browser based applications try it. Use WebAccelerator, and see if you get the performance, if you do buy it, that type of things.
Jason Ader - William Blair: Right, and then, last question for you and maybe Dan you can address this one. We did hear, I know you guys have talked about not being affected by competition, but we did hear from some of the work we did in March that some of the lower end load balancing solutions seem to have picked up some more interest than normal, and maybe it’s because of the economy, and people are more price sensitive, but any comment on some of the private companies or some of the smaller companies in the more generic load balancing market and the impact they might be having on your low end business?
John McAdam: The low end business has actually picked up. That’s mainly because of the competitiveness of the 16, 3600, on the positive side. Probably on the negative side, as related to the economy as well, where customers want to spend less and maybe pillion back a little bit. And we do see some competition there, but it’s not been significantly different over the last six, nine months.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Sherman - MKM Partners.
Richard Sherman - MKM Partners: Good afternoon it’s Richard Sherman, MKM Partners. A couple of questions here; first is, looking forward at the government opportunities that are starting to emerge, can you maybe talk about some of the work you’re doing and how you’re preparing to capitalize on some of these opportunities?
John McAdam: We’ve added some resources in that space. We had a tough quarter last quarter in Federal, just to be fairly open about it. It’s interesting, because we talked a lot about that in our reviews last week.  We have a very strong pipeline, and that pipeline is a qualified pipeline of deals we’ve effectively won. I think the word about I had internally was, we’re pregnant with opportunities that was the thing that stuck in my mind. But there has been a lot of delays in spending.
Richard Sherman - MKM Partners: Okay. So it sounds like a decent pipeline, maybe some slow uptick, but you’re also adding resources there. My other question was with the low end products out now; how long until that start to positively impact specifically your Japanese business?
John McAdam: Mark, your turn.
Mark Anderson: I’m sorry can you repeat the question.
John McAdam: So Japanese business their actual sort of numbers last quarter wasn’t that bad. They met within the guidance. Internally, the forecast for this current quarter is down from last quarter, but not appreciably which is good news, so I think we’re starting to see that already.
Richard Sherman - MKM Partners: This quarter is traditionally, seasonally a difficult quarter for us in Japan. So I think I would say that we are pleasantly surprised with the forecast for this quarter, and I think we have a really good team there. It seems like I have never done my numbers correct, but it seems like there is about 3% or 4% decline in the Japanese business.  If I remember two quarters ago or three quarter ago, I think there was some discussion about the Japanese market preferring low end products and stackable buy as you go, buy as you grow approach and then the 1600 and 3600 came out. I guess that’s what I’m trying to get is that it doesn’t seem like that’s really been a driver now for a recovery in the Japanese market whether being down again?
John McAdam: Well don’t forget the Japanese economy is a very efficient economy and it’s one that’s reacted pretty significantly to the world economy right now. So I think in general, capital spending in Japan is significantly down.  I’d be surprised if other vendors that didn’t report the same kind of thing. But, I think just in the last quarter we’ve seen a pretty good transition from older platforms to newer platforms, and I think in Japan in particular we see the certification process be a little longer than perhaps in other theaters. So, I think we’ll continue to see adoption at the lower levels there, but at the same time we’ve morphed our go to market strategy in Japan where we are actually touching end users lot more than we were even just a year ago. So, we’ve seen some VIPRION business there. We are doing really well with banks and large telcos. So I think we’ll see a continued improvement there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nikos Theodosopoulos – USB.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - USB: Just a couple of quick questions. If I look at the verticals I guess with the other category that seemed to happen more significant sequential decline, is that just broad-based economic weakness, we do attribute it to some factor?
Andy Reinland: No. I think it is, you are absolutely spot on. If you look at the three verticals we have, they were pretty solid this quarter, telco, finance and technology which include the large Internet and they were pretty solid. But it’s Federal I mentioned earlier was weaker, and then I think just generally manufacturing was weaker, that type of area.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - USB: The 6% workforce reduction, was that broad-based as well, was it more specific areas in the company?
Andy Reinland: Actually, when you look at the percentage mix of employees across the company by function, we actually ended the quarter with exactly the same percentage mix that we started. So, it was very evenly distributed across the employee base.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - USB: Just two quick clarification questions; the ARX and FirePass revenue numbers you gave, are those product or combined product and service revenue number?
Andy Reinland: Combined.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - USB: Combine, okay. And I think you said there is but just the double check, the charges you talked about the pattern and inventory those are all flow through the product COGS, correct not anything on the services side?
Andy Reinland: Yes, they are product COGS. Okay, we are going to cut it off here. Thank you, Sarah. And thank you all for joining us today. Again, if you have any follow-up questions after the call, please direct them to me, and we’ll talk to you all next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today’s call. Thank you all for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-01-21 16:30:00) =====
Executives: John McAdam - President and CEO  Andrew Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  Mark Anderson – Senior Vice President, Worldwide Sales Dan Matte - Senior Vice President, Marketing Julian Eames – Senior Vice President Business Operations
Analysts : Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Sanjiv Wadhwani – Stifel Nicolaus  Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray Ryan Hutchinson - Lazard Capital Markets, LLC Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Group, LLC Jeff Kvaal - Barclays Capital Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan Securities Jeff Evans - Sanford Bernstein Richard Sherman – MKM Partners Kenneth Muth – Robert W. Baird & Co. Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan 
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the F5 first quarter financial results conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Sir you may begin. 
Andrew Reinland:  Welcome to our conference call for the first quarter of fiscal year 2009. Joining me on today’s call is John McAdam, President and CEO. Members of the senior management team are also with us today to respond to any questions following our prepared comments. John Eldridge, our Director of Investor Relations has been in Washington, D.C. for the inauguration and will be back in the office tomorrow. If you have any questions after the call please direct them to John at (206) 272-6571.  If you don’t have a copy of today’s press release it is available on our website www.F5.com. You can access an archived version of today’s live web cast from the Events Calendar page of our website through April 22. From 4:30 p.m. today until midnight Pacific time on January 22, you can listen to a telephone replay at (866) 439-3725 or (203) 369-1044.   During today's call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements that include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our quarterly release and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call.  Now, for the Q1 results.  As stated in our conference call on January 6, revenue for the first quarter of fiscal 2009 was $165.6 million, below our guided range of $172-174 million. Despite the revenue shortfall, GAAP EPS of $0.27 per diluted share was at the high end of our guided range. Excluding stock based compensation expense, non-GAAP EPS was $0.40 per diluted share, just under our target of $0.41 to $0.42 per share. Product revenue of $107.9 million represented 65% of total revenue. Service revenue of $57.7 million accounted for 35%. Book to bill for the quarter was below one as the result of timing issues related to a large shipment at quarter end.  North America accounted for 54% of total revenue; EMEA contributed 24%, APAC 13% and Japan 9%. Revenue from our core application delivery networking business was $155.6 million and accounted for 94% of total revenue. ARX revenue was $3.7 million representing just over 2% of total revenue and revenue from FirePass was $6.3 million, slightly under 4% of total.  During Q1, Telco revenue represented 23% of total revenue, the financial sector represented 20% and technology accounted for 17%. U.S. federal government was 4% of revenue and total government accounted for 9%. Avnet Technologies was our only greater than 10% distributor at 17.1% of total revenue.  Moving down the income statement, GAAP gross margin of 78.2% was above our guidance of 77-78%. Excluding approximately $1.2 million of stock based compensation expense, non-GAAP gross margin was 79%. GAAP operating expenses of $102.3 million were below our guided range of $104-107 million. Our non-GAAP operating expenses which exclude $13.7 million in stock based compensation expense were $88.7 million.  Our GAAP operating margin was 16.4%. Non-GAAP operating margin was 25.4%. Reflecting the retroactive effect of the reinstated R&D tax credit our GAAP effective tax rate was 28.8%. Excluding stock based compensation expense, our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 28.1%.  On the balance sheet, cash flow from operations was $57.9 million. We ended the quarter with $487 million in cash and investments after repurchasing 873,000 shares of our common stock for a total of approximately $20 million. DSO was 55 days. Inventories at quarter end were $15.6 million. Deferred revenue ended the quarter at $155.9 million, an increase of 7.5% from the prior quarter.  Capital expenditures for the quarter were $3.9 million and depreciation and amortization expense was $6.5 million. We increased headcount by 15 in Q1, ending the quarter with approximately 1,710 employees.  Moving on to the outlook, clearly the continuing economic uncertainty has reduced visibility into our end markets. Taking this into account and based on review of the pipeline and in-depth discussions with our sales management team, we are targeting Q2 revenue in the range of $157-164 million. We expect product revenue to be down from the quarter just ended. We expect service revenue to continue growing though we are seeing that growth slow somewhat due to the decline in product sales.  We expect GAAP gross margin in the 77-78% range including approximately $1 million of stock based compensation expense. To maintain our operating margin targets we have reduced discretionary spending throughout the organization. In addition we are restructuring and consolidating areas of our business which will result in a 5-7% reduction in total headcount by the end of the quarter and a reduction in certain office space. These actions will result in a restructuring charge during the quarter in a range of $4.5-5.5 million. We will exclude this charge from our non-GAAP results for Q2.  Q2 GAAP operating expense are expected to be in the range of $100-105 million including approximately $13 million of stock based compensation expense and the restructuring charge of $4.5-5.5 million. Our GAAP EPS target is $0.19 to $0.21 per diluted share. Excluding stock compensation expense and the restructuring charge, our non-GAAP EPS target is $0.36 to $0.38 per diluted share.  We are forecasting an effective tax rate of 35%. We expect a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 32%. We estimate DSO’s will be in the mid 50’s. We expect inventory levels within a range of $14-16 million and we believe our cash flow from operations will be approximately $35 million. This reflects an anticipated decrease over the prior quarter due to seasonality in our U.S. Federal Tax payment schedule and costs related to the reorganization.  With that I will turn the call over to John McAdam. 
John McAdam:  Thanks Andy and good afternoon everyone. Since our pre-release conference call on January 6, we have focused on analyzing the reasons for the business shortfall we experienced last quarter as well as closely examining our future business prospects and pipeline of opportunities.  As we stated in the pre-release call, the overall Q1 forecast appeared to be on track as we approached the final week of the quarter. I also mentioned from a revenue perspective that Q1 revenue was tracking ahead of the previous quarter’s revenue by several million dollars through late December. In the last week of December we experienced a significant slow down in expected orders at levels we had never seen before, especially in North America. The slow down occurred across all major regions in North America as budgets were frozen or withdrawn completely.  Our analysis of the revenue from opportunities that dropped out in Q1 indicates approximately 60% of the revenue is forecast to close this coming quarter while 20% has moved out beyond this coming quarter or has been postponed indefinitely. We are still qualifying the remaining 20%.  Clearly this scenario may change as customers continue to review their individual budget plans. Given the trends in capital spending delays that we saw last quarter we expect to see continued postponement of projects and reductions in spending during this quarter as well.  Apart from North America the other major geographies were pretty close to our internal expectations. Both the EMEA and Asia Pacific regions delivered year-over-year sales growth and Japan was up sequentially over the previous quarter. In North America we did see some weakness in our technology vertical especially in business from large dot com and e-commerce customers.  As expected, our U.S. federal business was down sequentially which is usual for the first new quarter in the year of federal. On a positive note, the other financial metrics in the quarter remained quite strong. We maintained solid gross margins in both our product and services business, managed our expenses towards the low end of our guided range and generated a healthy cash flow from operations of $57.9 million.  Once again our services business delivered sequential growth over the previous quarter with another increase in deferred revenue. As we have already stated we believe the shortfall in revenue last quarter was directly associated with the slow down in the economy which resulted in IT budgets being reduced or expenditures being postponed.  We continue to enjoy a very strong competitive position in our core application delivery networking market. We introduced our new mid-range BIG-IP 6900 which has been very well received in the market and continues to add to our technology leadership position across our product range.  Our new entry level products, the BIG-IP 1600 and 3600 continue to be well accepted by our customers and our high-end flagship VITRION product continues to enjoy a significant performance leadership position with no viable competition. Although our ARX virtualization product sales were down sequentially from last quarter, we are seeing a gradual increase in the sales pipeline. The ROI customers receive from this solution is very strong and we expect to see some modest growth with ARX in Q2 and the second half of the year.  We also plan to announce a new comprehensive version of our ADC operating system TMOS. Version 10, referred to internally as [part] city is scheduled to be delivered in the next few months. Version 10 comes with a vast array of new and improved functionality, a lot of which has originated from customer requests. This new TMOS version should further increase our leadership position in the ADC market as well as raising the value to entry in our market.  We also plan to introduce a new BIG-IP 8900 product at the same time as version 10. The BIG-IP 8900 will replace the current high-end 8800 system and deliver significantly improved throughput at a very attractive price point.  As far as the current outlook is concerned, Andy indicated that we are targeting Q2 revenue in the range of $157-164 million. As Andy also mentioned, the increasing weakness in the global economy is clearly making it difficult to forecast business even in the near-term. Our current Q2 revenue target includes flat to sequential declines in all the major regions. We expect to see continued sequential increase in our services business along with a healthy year-over-year growth although we do expect to see the percentages of sequential growth decrease as our product growth continues to slow.  We remain committed to delivering strong operating margins during fiscal 2009. We have plans in place to implement several cost saving initiatives that should produce non-GAAP operating margins in the 25% range and our goal remains to deliver operating margins above 25% as we move into the second half of the fiscal year.  In spite of the formidable challenges we expect to see with the global economic problems during fiscal 2009, I continue to remain very positive about F5’s future. Our balance sheet continues to improve and our cash balance continues to increase. We have no debt. We enjoy competitive advantage and technology leadership in our market and our customer satisfaction levels are at an all time high.  As I mentioned earlier, the F5 management team is committed to taking appropriate actions to maintain our profitability during this period of economic uncertainty. Having said that we will continue to make appropriate investments in our business to ensure our technology and market leadership positions remain intact and indeed get stronger as the economic environment improves.  I would like to thank the entire F5 team and our partners for their contribution in Q1 and with that we will hand the call over for Q&A. 
 :
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co.: First on your services slow down comments, through fiscal 2008 on a quarterly basis you have seen sequential growth of low to very high single digit quarter-over-quarter in services. Do you still expect those services? Although it will slow down do you still expect it to remain positive growth from quarter-to-quarter through year-end? 
John McAdam: Absolutely we do. The reason we were raising that is there has been a lot of discussion on our services business and clearly from a market perspective if your product growth is slowing over time that is going to affect the overall growth of your services business. As we look at fiscal 2009 it is certainly still going to be a sequential growth driver as well as a healthy year-over-year growth driver. 
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co.: Can you explain the increase in gross margin in the services business? It seems like you have had a record quarter this time around. What was different this quarter and how sustainable is that? 
Andrew Reinland:  Primarily the gross margin on the services side is driven by headcount. A lot of it is just timing of hiring. We had a pretty light hiring quarter as we talked about with the 15. We have also said many times that our target is more in the 73-74% range for service but I do think we are going to see a higher service margin over the next couple of quarters just related to headcount. 
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co.: Going back touching on the headcount comment is the 5-7% reduction in headcount will that help the gross margin as well and Andy can you put dollars on this? What is the quarterly opEx savings run rate you hope to achieve and will that be fully reflected in the June quarter? 
Andrew Reinland:  To answer the first part of the question we expect that to be a part of it. In terms of the exact dollars on opEx I don’t have that at hand but more from an operating margin perspective is really our focus. We do believe that will allow us to be at that 25% level and above as we go through the year. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Sanjiv Wadhwani – Stifel Nicolaus. 
Sanjiv Wadhwani – Stifel Nicolaus :  John can you comment on the first three weeks of January? What has been your experience with deal closures, etc.? 
John McAdam:  First of all typically January is down versus the last quarter. That is a seasonal certainty we see and we have seen every year. The next two weeks frankly are the important ones for us. Actually it is like one fiscal week. That is really important in terms of January overall but we have taken the run rate of January business very much into account in terms of range. In fact that has been a factor. I’m not going to be that specific but pretty close to seasonal. 
Sanjiv Wadhwani – Stifel Nicolaus : Nothing dramatically unusual compared to last year for example? 
John McAdam:  No, as I said we have taken that into account in our guidance. 
Sanjiv Wadhwani – Stifel Nicolaus : A couple of questions on the balance sheet. Accounts payable popped up quite a bit and so did inventories. Any specific reason for that? 
Andrew Reinland:  The inventory was within the range that we guided and that is just with the product transition we are going through, making sure we have some specific parts on hand that we want to carry is why that increased. Nothing out of the ordinary there. Then on the AP side really with the federal tax payments and just gearing up preparation to make those payments it drove up the AP side. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray. 
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: Andy, just a little chatter today on your filing last night. It sounds like you are looking to get authority for up to 7 million more shares for stock based compensation. I was wondering if you could just touch on that a bit. Are you planning to incentivize the workforce more with equity here or is that just kind of eligible shares? How should we think about stock based compensation here in 2009? 
Andrew Reinland:  As part of our proxy statement I think is where you saw that and part of it is going to be for ESPP but in terms of how we look at the stock compensation I think as a percentage we have been less than 2% annually in what we have awarded out there. As of now I don’t know that our thinking has really changed that much at what we are looking at for annual grants. 
John McAdam:  We don’t see any significant change in the sense of quality at all. 
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: So the authorization is potentially there but no change. 
John McAdam:  For future years yes.
Andrew Reinland:  And it is multi-years. 
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: John, could you talk about specifically Cisco? I know Citrix is probably the best number two player in the market but do you see Cisco more or less? Are they active? Anything on new products coming out of Cisco? 
John McAdam:  No, we were discussing that this morning actually. We have seen Cisco less in the marketplace. We have actually seen Citrix less as well. We are very confident the issues we have seen are absolutely linked to the economy compared to otherwise we are in really strong shape. We have actually seen Cisco less. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Ryan Hutchinson - Lazard Capital Markets, LLC. 
Ryan Hutchinson - Lazard Capital Markets, LLC: On the workforce reduction it looks like it is around 84-120 heads if I have that right. Can you break that out in terms of the parts of the organization? John, I don’t want to put words in your mouth but assuming things do get worse before they get better are you going to take further action there? 
John McAdam:  First of all we wouldn’t break it out across the organization but just about every function is involved as is I think probably to some degree every location. It is pretty general in its tone. I will just repeat what we said in the summary in the conference call we are absolutely committed to maintaining those 20-25% margins and we continue to take action to do that. Obviously you balance that with the fact this economy will get better one of these days and we will have a market leadership when that happens but we are pretty committed. We think we can do that with cuts. That is why we took the actions we did. 
Ryan Hutchinson - Lazard Capital Markets, LLC: There has been some channel feedback there has been some departures in the EMEA region at a fairly high level. Can you maybe address if one that is the case specifically as it relates to EMEA and the U.K. and why that took place if indeed it did on the sales side? 
Mark Anderson:  We did change the sales leadership in EMEA. John Williams decided to leave F5 for personal reasons. We were able to quickly replace him with a gentleman that I have known for a long time that has a great background, a long time at Cisco and Siemens as well. We are very confident in the leadership there and I think the reaction from the team has been very, very strong. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Group, LLC. 
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Group, LLC: Just from a product perspective you have had a chance to evaluate where the shortfall came from. If you look at your product line mid to low end, mid range and high end, were there any areas that were weaker than you had expected? 
John McAdam:  We did see a shortfall mostly in the mid range. So the low end was pretty good. We probably saw some degree of cannibalization, not a lot of it, but some degree between the 3600 and the 3400. However, the game is not played out yet because the 6900 really only started shipping at the end of the quarter and that has been received extremely well. So I think that is going to be a major factor when we look at this quarter. 
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Group, LLC: In the low end, did your business in aggregate grow in the low end where I’m sure you had cannibalization of the new product replacing the old products and you said the 36 and 1600 were good but in aggregate did the low end products grow? 
John McAdam:  Yes. I’m not 100% sure. We think it was maybe slight to flat but nothing significant. 
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Group, LLC: Just to be clear, I think you said the operating margins would be greater than 25% in the second half of the year. Does that suggest they will be less than 25% in the June quarter here? 
Andrew Reinland:  No. We are definitely planning we want to be at a comparable level with last quarter or better. 
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Group, LLC: Lastly, are you expecting seasonal strength in Japan? Typically they have a good fiscal year end. What do you see there? 
John McAdam:  We are currently assuming flat to maybe slightly down in just about every geography and that includes Japan. 
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Group, LLC: So not much seasonal strength there? 
John McAdam:  Not much, no. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Jeff Kvaal - Barclays Capital. 
Jeff Kvaal - Barclays Capital: John I was wondering if you could comment on the competitive landscape on two metrics; one, could you suggest why Cisco and Citrix seem to be showing up less often for you and then secondly I noticed you mentioned Nortel earlier this week. How big is that of an opportunity for you? 
John McAdam:  Regarding Cisco, I think the main way to view our market is to look at our competition which is mainly Citrix and Cisco and then look at the product launches, the new products that have been introduced over say the last 18 months. We haven’t seen much at all from our competition. We have seen a significant amount from us including an almost complete product refresh as well as VITRION. I also mentioned TMOS by the way and Version 10 which is another big leap that we will take there. We have had much more focus in this market than any of those players by a long, long way. They are involved in a lot of other bigger markets and I think that is very, very good for us.  What was the second question? 
Jeff Kvaal - Barclays Capital:  Alteon? 
John McAdam:  Yes. 
Dan Matte:  Our best estimate in the Nortel Alteon isn’t broken out specifically by most of the industry analysts right now but best estimate would be a single digit market share. Probably a mid single digit. 
Jeff Kvaal - Barclays Capital: Andy would you mind commenting on the book to bill push out and if we should be expecting book to bill to better than one this quarter or what it might have been had that [inaudible] come in? 
Andrew Reinland:  Relative to the book to bill we were actually tracking that we would be better than one and then just right near the end of the quarter having emergency must ship that took us below. I wouldn’t look at it as an indicator of what is going to happen next quarter or not. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets. 
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: John do you feel $157 million is the base revenue base or is it possible to dip below that or is that really not in your planning assumptions considering where you are with some of your products? I’m also not sure what product revenues would be down sequentially if you recovered a number of deals that actually slipped from December? 
John McAdam:  You ask some good questions Mark. Obviously when we give our guidance we expect that the bottom of the range is going to be the bottom of the range. We have normally been right in that. We weren’t correct last quarter. Here is the way we look at the guidance. We look very closely at the pipeline. We have talked about this actually before externally. We also look at what we call the factored pipeline. That is the forecasted run of business. We look at the percentages of close and actually we have talked about during the last year actually about our factor close dropping. Actually it dropped pretty materially last quarter. If you take another drop in that factor pipeline that takes us to the bottom of the range. If basically we maintain the Q4 factored pipeline percentage of rate closed that will take it towards the top of the range. That is the metrics we use. 
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: From your customer discussions do you feel the products are becoming more discretionary? I ask since you have a lot of new products and are gaining market share yet revenues are contracting. Do you feel you are moving lower in the ladder of IT budgets or is it more the pie? 
John McAdam:  Clearly we have discussed that a lot internally. That is a really hard question to judge and let me tell you why. First of all, just to remind everybody we really had a very strong October and November. So we are coming into December where we really hadn’t seen any, in fact we were tracking above the previous quarter so that puts it in perspective. Most of the shortfall happened right at the end with effectively days to go in the last week of the quarter. So there is not much trend there to make that type of assumption. Our products produce great ROI across the board. If somebody is building a data center we add tremendous value and I don’t see that changing. The other area that is worth thinking about that we talked about is we did see in the financial vertical, and we didn’t see this in the pre-release because we hadn’t analyzed it enough, but sorry in the technology vertical, the large dot com a few small large customers definitely reduced spending. So that is more specific than the overall market. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan Securities. 
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan Securities: First I had a question from Matt Robison, who is now part of our team, and he wanted to know exactly how many desk central users there were. 
Dan Matte:  The answer is 36,942. 
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan Securities: I knew you would have that at your fingertips and I know he is listening. 
John McAdam:  We thought we wouldn’t be asked the question today. 
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan Securities: I have three questions. Am I looking at this correctly that the allowance for [dabble] accounts went up fairly significantly if you look at it year-over-year or even sequentially? 
Andrew Reinland:  Yes it did go up. Really that was targeted to a specific situation we had in one of our emerging markets. I wouldn’t look at it as anything systemic there. It was just something we wanted to get covered. 
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan Securities: John, can you comment on and I think a lot of people have sort of figured this out but are services actually going to be going direct? Is that plan underway and is there some revenue threshold that you are forcing on some of your channel partners and maybe talk about how you are managing the channel feedback there?
Julian Eames:  Yes to the services plan. We have changed the model a piece. We are not really going direct but we have changed the discounts given to some of the resellers and cut them out in terms of some of the distributors. It is really looking at where they are adding value and where they are not. The major resellers we have worked with and have lots of discussions with and there are some changes and those were effective the first of January. 
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan Securities: Is that causing any strange feedback or some consternation with the channel? Is there any problem? 
Julian Eames:  We have had some discussions recently with some and we have adjusted the program a little bit and there will be more changes but related to the whole program coming out. 
Andrew Reinland:  If I can just add to that. What we are trying to do here is we are trying to adapt to what our customers need and to what is best for F5 and our shareholders. I think we have a responsibility to do that every year and we have made changes in our channel program pretty much every year. So this is really along the lines of that. It is really just adapting to the market and adapting to what our customers are asking us to do. 
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan Securities: This wouldn’t contribute to the services slow down at all? Is there any component of this factored in? 
John McAdam:  I’m looking forward to a little bit more of a speed up going forward with them if we make it right. 
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan Securities: At the low end, I remember when the products were being introduced, I think one of the positives was you would be able to penetrate the Japanese market a little bit more because they aren’t looking for highly technical products because of the two-tiered distribution model. Can you talk about the penetration there? Is it being well received? Is there anything we can look to in the future or positive change there? 
John McAdam:  The short answer is yes. First of all we are still in the very early days with the entry level products in Japan. I mentioned a couple of times we are very conservative. We are starting to ship entry level products now but it is early days. We do see upside. Japan in general, this was sequential growth last quarter which was very important because they had sequential decline for a number of quarters previously so we are happy with that. When you look forward to this coming quarter and moving forward actually the year-over-year growth should look better mainly because it is easier comparisons but it should start to move into year-over-year growth. The entry level is going to help that.  What we are really focused on is to get them to sell more added value, not just load balancing, so their first modules and then take us up the chain, not just low end. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Jeff Evans - Sanford Bernstein. 
Jeff Evans - Sanford Bernstein: A couple of questions related to the Nortel rebate that you announced earlier this week. One is the rebate is up to $9,000. What is your targeted percentage of your product cost that would typically be? Second, where do you account for that on your income statement? Is that going to be sales and marketing expense or did you put it as the price and reflect it in cogs? 
Andrew Reinland:  In terms of where it would get reflected it would bring down the revenue on the deal. It is just part of a discount with the deal. Then less than 5% just off the top of my head on the cost. 
Jeff Evans - Sanford Bernstein: Lastly, when it was mentioned that Nortel’s market share is only single digits today I think that is certainly true in the current market but if we look back 4-5 years they were in the mid teens. Are you also giving rebates on those older products? 
Andrew Reinland:  Absolutely. The focus on Nortel really isn’t just something we woke up last quarter and decided to do. This is something we have systematically been doing over the last several years and I think the market share numbers reflect that. So, we are looking at legacy Nortel customers as we have for the last couple of years and we are just going after them a little bit more aggressively now. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Richard Sherman – MKM Partners. 
Richard Sherman – MKM Partners: My question is about the LAN product. Will that be shut down as part of the right sizing, cost control efforts? 
John McAdam:  No it won’t. That is very much linked to Version 10 that I talked about. As I said, Version 10 is due to come out in a few months and that is where we have effectively the module on top of TMOS and that is still very, very much part of the plan. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Kenneth Muth – Robert W. Baird & Co.
Kenneth Muth – Robert W. Baird & Co.: Can you maybe share with us the total number of customers you have in the VIPRION product portfolio and kind of how many you are adding a quarter? 
John McAdam:  No, we don’t give those numbers out actually but we still remain very happy with VIPRION. The pipeline for this coming quarter is looking very good as well but we don’t give those specific numbers out. 
Kenneth Muth – Robert W. Baird & Co.: I imagine that the dot com’s you talked about in the tech and that was down meaningfully sequentially and I would assume is that the same kind of pause in the cloud computing area? 
John McAdam:  This is specific customers and data center roll outs. I won’t get into it in any more detail but it is a few customers and it was a fairly big difference quarter-over-quarter and we thought it was appropriate to highlight that. 
Kenneth Muth – Robert W. Baird & Co.: Can we continue to see kind of a downturn in the Acopia product? What are the thoughts on trying to maybe get that around? 
John McAdam:  In fact I mentioned that. It was a pretty slight downturn. What we are seeing is we are finally seeing some of the integration happening better. We are seeing a stronger pipeline. We think we are going to see some small but growth quarter-over-quarter and that is going to get healthier as we get into the second half. 
Kenneth Muth – Robert W. Baird & Co.: What about the number of customers for that product portfolio? Anything you can share with us there? 
John McAdam:  Not really. It was over 100 when we did the acquisition. I don’t actually know the numbers I’m afraid. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan. 
Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan: John you mentioned you weren’t giving out numbers for VIPRION. You did give out the ARX at $3.4 million I think you said. Should we assume that the VIPRION has not quite hit that level yet or you would let us know that it is starting to hit stride? 
John McAdam:  I’m not going to give the numbers of VIPRION. It is typically above that number by the way but the reason we don’t do that is we have historically given out numbers when we have done an acquisition for a period of about a year and that is really what we are doing with ARX. 
Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan: So VIPRION is above that? 
John McAdam:  We see VIPRION as very much a part of the ADC BIG-IP family. 
Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan: Andy on the operating margin in the last conference call you said you were looking for 26-27% operating margin, non-GAAP operating margin throughout the year ending at the high end, now you are saying 25% plus. Is that just the change in revenue level? That is what is bringing down your level of confidence in the operating margin expansion? 
Andrew Reinland:  Definitely the results for Q1 weren’t expected. In fact, as John said not only in bookings but as we came into the December quarter we thought we were going to exceed that guidance on operating margin and then just the end result in revenue put us at that 25.4%. I think our comments on the call on January 6 around operating margin were acknowledging that situation and saying at this revenue level yes the 25% range is kind of what we are targeted into but we have every expectation in the latter half of the year to get back up in that 26-27% range we talked about. 
Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan: That would be a function purely of revenue or headcount reduction as well? 
Andrew Reinland :  I think the comments on the cost cutting that we are making and we are doing is meant to impact that and of course revenue going up we hope will help drive it there too.
John McAdam:  In case I’m understanding it, just to be specific, we haven’t got any plans to do any more headcount reductions than announced today.
Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan: But that will help you back into the 26-27% range on possibly a lower revenue total than you were looking at earlier? 
John McAdam:  Absolutely. 
Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan: If I can put two together that were mentioned earlier, the shortfall this quarter because of what happened at the end of December was roughly around $7 million versus your previous guidance. 60% of that or roughly $4 million plus seemed to have gotten pushed into this March quarter so your guidance now should we be looking at $4 million of that sort of padded a little bit by $4 million so sort of a run rate as we look further into June, etc. should be $4 million below? Then on the converse side…
John McAdam:  That’s not really the way to look at it. As I was saying earlier we take total pipeline, which includes stuff that has moved in, but the total pipeline which is a pretty significant number and that number has moved in from the quarter a small portion of that. We look at that. We look at the close rates and the fact the forecasted deals and that is the key for us and that is where we get our range from. 
Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan: On converse side the fact the doubtful went up by $2.7 million that is still about 103 basis points of margin this quarter, give or take. That is only a one-time occurrence. So then we should be looking, that is the source of margin expansion. You could have done a 26.7% or 27% right now if you hadn’t taken the doubtful [inaudible]?
Andrew Reinland:  Definitely the increase there impacted our overall outcome. 
Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan: Unless your revenue from those emerging markets expands in future quarters that is a one time issue? 
Andrew Reinland:  Yes, I would say that is one-time. 
Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan: Finally, your cash flow which has been consistently very strong, $59 million last quarter and $57 million this quarter. Your guidance I think you said $35 million next quarter. So that is a drop of $12-14 million where you could have been or otherwise would have been? 
Andrew Reinland:  The factors that are going to hit us this quarter we have approaching $20 million of U.S. federal tax payments greater than we had last quarter and then also as part of the restructuring I talked about there is going to be costs related to that. So those are factored into that outcome. 
Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan: That is where I was going. What is the cash cost of those…you said you had a $4.5-5.5 million charge for the restructuring. What is the cash component of that in the quarter? 
Andrew Reinland :  I don’t have the exact number and I know what you are getting at because a big component of this is going to be related to the offices and the cash doesn’t go out right away but the estimate is going to be at least a couple million dollars. 
Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan: So the tax part is the majority of the drop? 
Andrew Reinland:  On par, yes. 
Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan: What should it look like if we go into June assuming for nothing else but just a flat to up revenue number? Should it bounce back into the 55+ range? 
Andrew Reinland:  We haven’t look at that yet but obviously that would be our expectation. 
John McAdam:  We had a very similar profile last year by the way. A very similar profile. 
Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan: So the cash tax part is really kind of eats into you in the beginning of the calendar year? 
John McAdam:  Correct. 
Andrew Reinland:  With that we will wrap up the conference call. Thank you very much for calling in. We will see you next quarter.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-10-22 16:30:00) =====
Executives:  John McAdam - President and CEO  Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  John Rodriguez - Senior VP and Chief Accounting Officer  Mark Anderson - Senior VP of Worldwide Sales  Edward Eames - Senior VP of Business Operations of Global Services  Chris Lynch - Senior VP of Data Solutions  Dan Matte - Senior VP of Marketing  Karl Triebes - Senior VP of Product Development and CTO Mr. John Eldridge - Director of Investor Relations 
Analysts :  Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Group, LLC Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray Ryan Hutchinson - Lazard Capital Markets, LLC Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets Jeff Kvaal - Barclays Capital Samuel Wilson - JMP Securities Cobb Sadler - Deutsche Bank Securities Matthew Robison - Pacific Growth Equities Bill Choi - Jefferies & Co. Jason Eider - William Blair & Co. Jeff Evans - Sanford Bernstein Tim Long - Banc of America Securities Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan Securities   
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the F5 fourth quarter financial results conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Eldridge: Thank you, Brian and welcome all of you to our conference call for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2008. Speakers on today's call are John McAdam, President and CEO and Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, John Rodriguez, Senior VP and Chief Accounting Officer; Mark Anderson, Senior VP of Worldwide Sales; Edward Eames, Senior VP of Business Operations of Global Services; Chris Lynch, Senior VP of Data Solutions; Dan Matte, Senior VP of Marketing and Karl Triebes, Senior VP of Product Development and CTO are also with us to answer questions following our prepared comments. If you have any follow up questions after the call, please direct them to me at 206-272-6571. A copy of today's press release is available on our website, f5.com. In addition, you can access an archived version of today's live webcast from the event's calendar page of our website till January 21. From 4:30 pm today until 5 pm Pacific Time, October 23, you can also listen to a telephone replay at 800-879-7966 or 402-220-5346. During today's call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements that include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our quarterly press release. Our quarterly release is described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. One final note, if you are planning to attend our Analysts/Investors Meeting in Seattle on November 4 and have not registered, you can register online at F5.com/analyst-meeting or call Darlene Henderson at 206-272-6170. Now, I will turn the call over to Andy Reinland.
Andrew Reinland: Thank you, John. Capping another year of growth against the backdrop of a very challenging economic environment, F5's fourth quarter for fiscal year 2008 ended on a relatively positive note. Q4 was our 23rd consecutive quarter of revenue growth. We saw continued improvement in our non GAAP operating margin. We exceeded our GAAP and non GAAP earnings guidance and we generated record cash flow from operations of $59 million for the quarter. Following my review of results for the fourth quarter in fiscal year 2008, I will provide guidance for Q1 and briefly discuss our goals and outlook for fiscal year 2009. Revenue for our fiscal fourth quarter was $171.3 million, up 18% over the same quarter last year and just over 3% from Q3. Our book-to-bill was greater than one. As we stated on our October 7 call, bookings for our newly released BIG-IP 3600 exceeded our forecast and we are unable to shift all orders for the product by quarter end. If we have been able to shift these orders, revenue would have been within our guided range of $172 million to $174 million and our book-to-bill would have still being greater than one. Revenue from our core application delivery and networking business was $160.2 million compared to $153 million in Q3 and represented 94% of total revenue. ARX revenue was $4.7 million, down from $5.1 million in the prior quarter and represented 3% of total revenue. Higher past revenue was 4% of total revenue or $6.3 million, down from $7.5 million in Q3. From a geographic perspective, the America has represented 60% of revenue, EMEA accounted for 20%, APAC 12% and Japan 8%. Results in EMEA reflected a drop-off in sales during the last weeks of the quarter and were below our expectations. By vertical, Telco represented 23% of revenue during the quarter. Technology, including largely internet content providers was 22% and the financial sector accounted for 16%. US Federal government generated 8% of revenue and totaled government was 12%. During Q4, we had one greater than 10% distributor, Avnet Technologies which accounted for 15.8%. Product revenue of $115.8 million represented 68% of total revenue. Service revenue of $55.5 million was 32%. Continuing down the income statement, gross margin in Q4 was 77.3% including $1.2 million of stock-based compensation. Excluding stock-base compensation, non GAAP gross margin was 78%. Operating expenses were $106.7 million including $13.6 million of stock-base compensation expense and the one-time charge of $5.3 million related to office consolidation at our corporate headquarters. GAAP operating margin was 15%. Our non GAAP operating margin was 26.7% reflecting marked improvement versus our Q3 non GAAP operating margin of 25.4%. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 32.4%, our non GAAP effective tax rate was 32.2%. GAAP net income for the quarter was $19.7 million or $0.24 per diluted share, above our guided range of $0.19 to $0.20. Non GAAP net income was $33.4 million or $0.41 per diluted share, also above our guided range of $0.38 to $0.39. Revenue for fiscal year 2008 was $650 million, an increase of 24% over fiscal 2007. Product revenue of $453 million was 70% of total revenue and service revenue of $197 million was 30%. GAAP net income for fiscal 2008 was $74 million or $0.89 per diluted share. Non GAAP net income was $121 million or $1.45 per diluted share.  Turning to the balance sheet, in Q4 we generated $59 million in cash flow from operations contributing to cash and investments totaling $451 million at yearend. For all of fiscal 2008, cash flow from operations totaled $194 million. Accounts receivable DSO was 51 days, down from 53 days in the prior quarter. Inventory of $10.1 million was up slightly from $9.7 million in the prior quarter. Deferred revenue increased $6 million from Q3 to $145 million. Capital expenditures for the fourth quarter were $4.7 million and depreciation and amortization expense was $6.3 million. We ended the year with approximately 1,695 full time employees, an increase of approximately 30 over Q3. During Q4, we repurchased 50 million of our common stock representing approximately 1.6 million shares. This completes the 200 million repurchased plan approved by the Board last January. In total, we repurchased approximately 7.7 million shares of F5 common stock. In addition, we announced today that the Board of Directors has approved the repurchase of up to an additional $200 million of the Company's outstanding common stock beginning in Q1. Moving on to the outlook, for the first quarter of fiscal 2009 ending December 31, we continue to believe that a robust pipeline, strong demand for Viprion and continued momentum from our ongoing product refresh will drive our top line revenue during the quarter. At the same time, there is a measure of uncertainty regarding sell cycles and close rates within the current economic environment and with that in mind, we are targeting Q1 revenue in a range of $172 million to $174 million. We expect over our gross margins in the range of 77% to 78% including approximately 1 million of stock base compensation expense. Our operating expense targets are $104 million to $107 million including approximately $15.5 million in stock-based compensation expense. Our effective tax rate for the quarter is expected to be 31%. Excluding stock-based compensation, our non GAAP effective tax rate is expected to be 30%. These Q1 expected tax rates are significantly lower than our anticipated annual effective tax rate reflecting a one-time retroactive impact of the extension of the R&D tax credit. Our Q1 GAAP earnings target is $0.26 to $0.27 per share. Our non GAAP earnings target is $0.41 to $0.42 per share. We expect to maintain DSOs in the low to mid 50-day range. We anticipate ending inventories in the range of $14 million to $16 million. We are targeting modest headcount growth in Q1 with an increase of 20 to 40 employees and we believe we will generate cash flow from operations in excess of $60 million. Although we do not provide specific annual guidance, I would like to share some general guidelines related to our expectations for fiscal 2009. In previous years on the October call, we have given guidance for sequential revenue growth throughout the fiscal year. Given the strength of our primary business drivers discussed earlier, we believe we can achieve quarterly sequential revenue growth throughout fiscal 2009 and will strive to do so. That being said in light of the volatile economy, we will update on a quarterly basis our views on sequential growth throughout the year. We expect to see gross margins in our historical 77% to 78% range. We are targeting non GAAP operating margin between 26% and 27% throughout the fiscal year and ending 2009 at or near the high end of this range. We expect stock-based compensation expense to approximate current levels until our next annual grant in August. Capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $4 million to $6 million per quarter. We expect our effective tax rates for Q2 through Q4 to average 37% on a GAAP basis and 34% on a non GAAP basis. As previously stated, Q1'09 will be significantly less than these rates due to a one-time benefit related to the R&D tax credit extension. And with that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
John McAdam: Thanks, Andy and good afternoon everyone. I will take a few minutes to summarize some of the highlights of fiscal 2008, comment on our Q4 performance and outline the opportunities for F5 as we move into fiscal 2009. Clearly, fiscal 2008 presented most businesses with some challenges given the overall state of the economy. In spite of these challenges, I was pleased with the F5 team's performance and we made a lot of progress during the year. We grew our revenue by 24% over fiscal 2007. We made progress on non GAAP operating margins finishing the year with the operating margin of 26.7% in Q4. We continue to maintain a solid balance sheet with $451 million cash and investments and no debt and that was after our purchase of Acopia for $210 million cash as well as buying back 200 million worth of F5 stock. Our overall customer satisfaction levels remain very high due to our continued focus on product quality and the industry leading to customer service. Our latest quarterly customer satisfaction surveys up of these scores above 9 out of 10 in overall satisfaction. These are world class levels. I was pleased with results from the first year of selling our ARX range of products from the Acopia acquisition. We managed to meet the revenue expectations that we set at the beginning of the year in spite of significant economic headwinds in a nascent market with considerable concentration on Wall Street and the financial vertical. We strengthened our competitive position at our core application delivery controller market with the introduction of a slight shift Viprion product and new entry level BIP-IP 1600 and 3600 products. The [shortly] base Viprion port product has already produced significant revenue with some exciting sales wins in the Telco market as well as sales to large internet based organizations and last corporate enterprises. The reception to a new BIG-IP 1600 and 3600 product, which we introduced last quarter, has been excellent and demand exceeded our expectations for the quarter. We have maintained a clearly shift position in the GAAP emerging quadrant and their application ready network strategy has been embraced by a lab solutions partners like Microsoft, Oracle and SAP. We have also made significant progress with our solutions to enable virtualization architectures including strengthening partnerships with key players such as Microsoft and VMware. We will provide more detail on our partnership strategy as well as our product roadmap during our Analyst Investor Day in a few weeks. Andy gave specific data on our Q4 results which we also announced a couple of weeks ago so I will keep my comments fairly brief. Clearly, I was pleased that we were able to deliver solid profitability in the quarter as well as record cash flow from operations. I believe this is a testament to the tight controls that we have in our business and we are committed to continuing this approach in fiscal 2009. Although we were slightly below our revenue guidance, we continue to deliver another quarter of sequential revenue growth and we are very focused on continuing this record. As we stated in our announcement a couple of weeks ago from our geographic perspective, overall sales bookings were consistent with or exceeded our internal expectations with the exception of our European results where we experienced delays and deal closures in the last couple of weeks of September. Overall, annual results from our media operations were excellent and from a year-over-year growth perspective, the immediate results in Q4 were actually pretty solid. Looking forward to fiscal 2009, clearly that a significant economic challenge is facing business globally. As I mentioned earlier, we will continue to manage our business on a tightly controlled and conservative basis as business conditions develop. Andy already provided our projected revenue range for Q1. We are very focused on continuing our track record of delivering sequential revenue growth as we have done for almost six years now. I believe our Q1 guidance is conservative but also realistic in this uncertain economic time. Let me reiterate why I feel positive about F5 future's opportunities as we move into fiscal 2009. We enjoyed our zone balance sheet and expect to continue to deliver solid results with cash from operations during the year. Hopefully you picked up from a press release that our Board of Directors agreed to maintain a stock buyback program. As Andy mentioned earlier in his summary, we also expect to maintain healthy non GAAP operating margins during 2009 and we will balance improvements and operating margins with investments and technology and sales development. Our cash position is as strong as ever and we expect to increase our competitiveness with a solid product roadmap of deliverables during the year. Also, we have a very strong services business with our substantial deferred revenue backlog that should be a significant growth driver throughout 2009. Finally, we had a market leader and a key strategic real estate within the data center. Internet traffic and file base data continue to grow very high rates. We continue to see customers and solution partners embrace the concept of pushing application intelligence into the application lead of the network. Global consolidation of data centers and trends such as virtualization required the application network intelligence delivered by F5 for capability such as traffic control, policy meeting and resource provisioning. The other way that can begin by deploying our solutions can be very significant in areas like bandwidth reduction, several capacity savings and reduction and head trend resources of quiet to manage the data. In addition, this otherwise can be obtained while making efficiencies and performance availability and security. In summary, although we expect 2009 to have real challenges given the global economic problems that we all face in 2009, I remain very excited about the future heads for F5. I would like to take this opportunity to thank the entire F5 team and their partners for their efforts in 2008 and I look forward to the continued support in 2009. We will now hand the call over for Q&A.
Operator: (Operator's instruction) Your first question comes from Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co.: John, can you give us a little bit more color on Europe, specifically, what you are seeing out there? First of all, what would be the typical customer that you have in yours? Was that typically a smaller relative to or average bigger and is there any geographical color within Europe that you can give us some strength that we can assume over there?
John McAdam: Yes, absolutely. First of all, from a customer profile, our customer profiles are actually very exciting in Europe. I mean whether you are in the UK, Germany, France, Scandinavia, actually in the Middle East and Africa, we are seeing large fortune or [3.10] 200 type customer so we are very, very confident in there. And we obviously had a misstep last quarter but we had a great year. We have actually spent a lot of time since we did the preannouncement, face to face meetings with sales management, not just conference calls and we think we have got pretty good handle in the business. If you dissect Europe and you look at this coming quarter, we feel very good about our opportunities in the Middle East and Africa. We feel very good in Southern Europe. We feel very good in Germany and Eastern Europe and we expect the UK to see some rebound as well. So, overall we feel pretty good about it.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay, so this was just two weeks of… you are cutting a headline here and…?
John McAdam: No, we expect the economy continue to be tough but what we have done we hope and we spent a lot of time in this because I think we have taken up pretty conservative approach. I think the conservative approach has come in terms of both to mark some sales and then we will take in that at the management level.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co.: Very good and second question is more of a strategic one with regards to your hiring plans for the year. Can you give us some color around that and some would argue that in challenge times like this. You might look into more strategic opportunities to displace your competition even more and be willing to make steps that otherwise in an ongoing business might not be the best to do right now but as far as continuing to invest in your business and doing it in a way that in this timeframe could put you in a much better position when exiting the market something for example there has been talked about Cisco doing that a lot and do you see opportunities like that or do you think that at this point, given the fact that the market is more of a duopoly or just kind of seeing the business and you are going to scale it to how worth that the money is going to come?
John McAdam: Okay, first of all in head turns, just to be really, really clear. We are going to be investing behind revenue. We have done that every year except for 2007. We are back doing it and expect us to continue doing that so, very conservative, looking at the revenue and making decisions as the headcount behind that. So, that pro by definition tells you we are going to be pretty conservative there. In terms of strategic opportunities, we are viewing 2009 as a tactical year more than anything. I do not see us making any very strategic moves. We do not think it is appropriate right now. We think we have got a great market in terms of the application delivery controller market, strategic real estate. We think we have got a great opportunity in the file virtualization market. We see both of those extending in terms of the requirements that the customers need and that is an up for us. So, you never say, never, just so that is on record but I think it is more unlikely than likely.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan.
Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan: A couple of things, first Andy you gave your gross margin guidance saying 77% to 78% including the stock comp?
Andrew Reinland: Yes.
Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan: Is that, am I raising it right that it is up 100 basis points from the usual guidance that you have given the last couple of quarters in 76% to 77% or is it a changed basis?
Andrew Reinland: No. We are getting back to our historical levels which at the beginning of the fiscal year, we have said with Acopia we might see a 100 basis points drop and that would have affect our guidance but we were going to work through that and yes, we did not take it up and you are seeing us deliver on what we thought we said we would do it at the end of the year.
Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan: And that primarily because Acopia has contributing less than you anticipated at this point?
Andrew Reinland: No, I think there is a lot of drivers in the overall gross margin and we talk a lot about how we manage gross margin, very focused task force internally, cross functional, addressing a lot of different areas there and I think we are seeing the outcome of that as well as improvement in Acopia's overall gross margin.
Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan: Okay. On the Telecom vertical, I think you have said it was 27% of revenue which I calculated…
Andrew Reinland: Ehud, that was 23% this quarter.
Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan: Okay because I calculated that and would have jumped up a lot. By the way, I have 21% in June and so it was up about $5 million sequentially and this is something that we set up before but of that $5 million sequential, was most of that sales are different or how should we look at that or something else going on there?
John McAdam: This is John. I do not know if most, to be honest, I do not know if most of that were sales of Viprion and Viprion is very, very important in the telco vertical. So, yes let us go with that. I definitely am clear in terms of the growth. I guess more importantly, we expect it to be a continued player in Telco. I say that a couple of times actually that we did some pretty reasonable opportunities out there in Telco with Viprion and we hope to close them more in the next few quarters.
Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan: So, that number should probably continue to go up?
John McAdam: Yes, we have not given specific guidance. That is the statement we have made in Viprion.
Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan: Okay and if we assume that for the Viprion is in the order of $2 million, $3 million to $4 million being roughly halfish of that $5 million sequential increase, is that in the right ball park for this quarter?
Andrew Reinland: We do not comment at that level in detail, you know that.
Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan: Okay, I thought I would just try. Finally, cash flow is strong this quarter and getting even stronger in the next quarter. You said revenue growth is sequentially of they shall try to raise revenue for each quarter during the fiscal year 2009, how do you see cash flow? Do you see it staying roughly flat or do you see that connection grow with revenue over that fall as you fluctuate with investment?
Andrew Reinland: That would be our intent for it to grow. The thing I would remind you is, I think Q2, historically, and we have seen Q2 kind of drop for cash flow from operations because of timing with tax payment. But overall we would expect to see growth in cash flow from operations.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Group, LLC.
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Group, LLC: Can you give us a little color in terms of how your low end products are performing? You have talked about very good adoption of the 3600 and 1600 but how are you seeing that, the broader impact for the low end products because that has been a drag for a little while? Are you seeing the new product generate incremental business or you are seeing it more as a replacement to this point?
John McAdam: We had been seeing a decline, this is John, a decline in the low end entry level product and we saw that percent of decline stopping last quarter. So, we saw an improvement. In other words, the 3600 and the 1600 definitely had an effect positively and we expect that to continue into the point, I think we said a couple of times that we were actually surprised by the 3600. Now, the interesting thing is as well is where we have seen most of the 3600 business come from, and this is positive, is mainly replacements of the 3400. So, we saw the 3400 reducing and the 3600 gone up which is really good news. So, yes we would expect that to continue.
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Group, LLC: Just to be clear, your low end products in aggregate, they were flat sequentially or did you say that the decline slow down?
John McAdam: Well, it had been actually up sequentially.
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Group, LLC: The aggregate of the low end product actually grew sequentially.
John McAdam: That is correct. That is for the 1500, the 1600, the 3400 and the 3600 combined.
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Group, LLC: Okay, the ARX was down again. Last quarter, you had diversified away from the financial services sector. Any comments as to why it was weak again this quarter?
John McAdam: It is a very small amount, by the way, that was down. So, it was not…it was almost flat to be frank. Not really, we are still focused on making sure that they were not just in the vertical finance and that we can go into other verticals and I think we are making very good progress with that. I think we are making good progress, slow but sure progress in terms of the integration of the product coming from the older F5 SalesForce of only selling BIG-IP. I mentioned that we have just done a whole bunch of face-to-face meetings and we are definitely seeing a pipeline growing there and more of an interest definitely growing in the core channel of the F5 SalesForce I should say. So, I think overall it is going to be a driver and a good one in fiscal 2009, it is probably a bit tough in the first half given the comparisons but we feel very good about it.
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Group, LLC: Do you think you will start seeing sequential growth in the first quarter?
John McAdam: We do not get it by product, by the way. We are very, very focused on making sequential progress with our product line.
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Group, LLC: Okay, lastly, Andy just to clarify, did you say the tax rate for fiscal 2009 would be 34% or did you say the last three quarters would be 34%?
Andrew Reinland: The last three quarters.
Operator: Your next question comes from Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray.
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: I have a couple of questions here for Andy. Could you talk about the gross margin profile and the two low end products, the 1600 and the 3600? Do they have higher gross margins on their replacements given that they have got more software content?
Andrew Reinland: Yes, they have slightly higher gross margins but not it so much driven by the software. We just look at them at the standalone platforms comparing them straight up. It is a little bit higher but still in that range that we target, Troy.
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: Okay and then I know in the 10-K, I guess you are going to have to reveal your backlog was exiting the fiscal year, any chance that you could share that with us here in the call?
Andrew Reinland: No. We will leave that for the 10-K.
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: Alright, we will stay tuned. Keep up the good works guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Hutchinson - Lazard Capital Markets.
Ryan Hutchinson - Lazard Capital Markets, LLC: Just want to dig a little bit more maybe into the product and services split. It looks like product revenue was up 8%. When you back out Acopia, it was up about 6%. So, I am just trying to get a sense in terms of modeling here for core product revenue next year. I know you are not going to give much in the wave color on Acopia but maybe perhaps that at a high level would be helpful in terms of just how we should think about the break out between the product and service for the full year. And then for John, just in terms of your expectations, I mean would you be disappointed if you did not grow at 15%+ next year.
John McAdam: Let me answer that first of all. I am not going to give you a direct answer to that. You had the saying that “where we sit today we think we can grow sequentially each quarter but we also made a caveat that we are going to update that every quarter because of the situation we face.” I mean frankly when we go back a couple of months ago before the Lehman, before all the other things have happened; we felt that they are more positive so we are clearly taking a more conservative approach. I am not going to give an answer on the 15…you are going to have to live with the data that Andy gave you but as I said, we are very focused in growing sequentially and then we will see what happens.
Ryan Hutchinson - Lazard Capital Markets, LLC: Okay and then maybe Andy, if you could just help us understand the split there between product and service for next quarter.
Andrew Reinland: Yes, I think we looked at our deferred revenue number and obviously we feel very good about the service growth and in terms of product, we look at those key drivers that we talked about; Viprion and the product refresh and also the pipeline as we have reviewed that with the SalesForce and we feel good about product as well. So, we do not guide specifics for product and service but that is where we sit.
John McAdam: I think another point on that, Troy, is one of the things that you may have noticed, obviously, how far past business was doing a little bit again. I think that is very much related to the economic situation where it is not a must have type capability but remember given the half end, of course, that means our core BIG-IP/Viprion business actually was up.
Ryan Hutchinson - Lazard Capital Markets, LLC: Okay, maybe give it one more shot if I may, just in terms of looking at it between product and service, would you be disappointed that the product piece was down sequentially in any given quarter given the strength that we have witnessed in the services business over the last several quarters, any expectations for growth moving forward?
John McAdam: Yes, I am not going to give a direct answer on that either, sorry. The reason being is if you dissect our business and you look at our forecast and you look at deferred revenue and service that gives you a pretty good clue about what we consider to be conservative and that is why we are doing that anytime. We are very, product growth is obviously a key engine and that is what we are focused in doing but we are not going to give you specific statement on it by quarter at the moment.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: John, did you say you are comfortable with 14% revenue growth next year?
John McAdam: No, I said that we are not going to give a number. We are very focused on that sequential growth and we are sticking with that.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: So, maybe you can give us your thoughts on which verticals of customers where you need closer rates to get better, which ones are lagging and where have things snapped back to somewhat normal levels just from a vertical or customer point of view?
John McAdam: It is interesting. If you take our financial, it is probably pretty normal across the board. I mean, we had a good Telco quarter. Most of the drop was that 20% to 15% overall in financial. Obviously we see some slowliness in Europe last quarter particularly the UK but generally I would not say there has been a marked change. I think the other thing that is almost done save is that we have a pretty big sales force at the end territories and clearly, few of territories got lot of financial in it. You are going to be looking elsewhere. You are not going to be ignoring financial but you are going to be starting to look elsewhere and that has been happening over the last year. That is what we have done with ARX and that is what we done actually with BIG-IP so apart from financial, I would not say there are any massive differences.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, got it. Then how should we look at the upgrade from the 3400 to the 3600? Should we count what is out there? Do you have a sense of how many 3400s are out there and should each unit be ripe for an upgrade?
John McAdam: I do not think in the short term you will see that. I think it is more substitution. In other words, people live with and bought a 3400 would buy a 3600 and we saw that. We saw that dramatically last quarter and we expect that to be almost a done deal most when we moved into this quarter which is much faster than any product transition. In terms of upgrade, that tends to take a year or two, sometimes three years to happen. Now, what we do expect to see is that the 1600 and the 3600 replacing maybe older products that are right there. Certainly, the ones before [Timos] where we are still about 20% of the customer service base there. So, that is more of an opportunity than the coming 3400.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: Got it. Lastly, Andy tax rate after the current quarter, is 31% a new number going forward?
Andrew Reinland: No, for Q2 through Q4, we said we will use 34%.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Kvaal - Barclays Capital.
Jeff Kvaal - Barclays Capital: Andy, I was wondering if you would not mind thinking about your guidance for the fourth quarter. Is there someway that you can help us understand the level of conservatism that you are embedding there talking about perhaps the difference in close rate assumptions that you have or the type of book to bill that you usually enter a quarter with and anything on the slice a bit would be very helpful.
John McAdam: This is John actually. Yes, basically we have a pretty tried and proven technique in terms of looking at our pipeline, looking at our frontline pipeline, looking like a corporate data like that. More importantly, in my opinion is the face to face reviews that we do that [Marcan] does with his team which is to say we have completed, where we basically take their forecast. They know what is going on so hopefully they are being conservative and I have set the feeling we get from them and then to be frank, we add some conservatism to that. So, that is exactly how we do it. There is an up to it. It is not all signs but I think it is something that we have proved that we have good tried record with.
Jeff Kvaal - Barclays Capital: Okay, thanks John. Would it be fair to say that there is an extra dose of conservatism in this particular measure than the typical?
John McAdam: It would be absolutely be fair to say. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Samuel Wilson - JMP Securities.
Samuel Wilson - JMP Securities: Couple of small questions for you. First, R&D spending it looks like it has been generally flat the last few quarters. I am just wondering have you scaled that back at all just because of the nature, do you feel like that those projects will get the more time just talking in R&D spending first?
Andrew Reinland: Yes, I think it has more to do with the timing of projects and the coming with completion on the development of the new hardware platforms, having had Viprion come out earlier in the year. It is just more of timing thing but not a purposeful scale back in spending.
John McAdam: I mean, just to be really clear on that, we are religious on the fact that we need technology leadership especially in our market where we have a great company like Cisco there as our competitor. So, technology leadership is always going to be important to us. So no, there is no change in direction.
Samuel Wilson - JMP Securities: No, I was not implying that. I was only implying that just whatever timing or just conservative of what it was. Second, the office consolidation of $5 million charge, was that a sense for you thought the Company would grow a little bit more here over the next couple of years you are using a little bit more conservative?
Andrew Reinland: Yes, on the many. We locked up some space that we wanted to have available to us but obviously with the environment and being conservative, we just made the call to go ahead and list that out.
Samuel Wilson - JMP Securities: And then lastly and I am not trying to poke you in the eye here. This one actually is a little bit poking in the eye, on Acopia, you paid $210 million cash for it. It is a sense here that customers are just pulling in their horns on these new technologies given the macro environment. Has the computation in competitive picture changed because the revenues are sort of decelerating on or is it just the customers are blowing up? I am just trying to get a sense to what you think is going on there.
John McAdam: I think two things. First of all, it is not concentration of financial and you are effectively spreading up in that because it was very significant. I mean when we made the acquisition, the first quarter after that was 65% with financial which a huge amount of that was actually Wall Street so some of those customers have gone away. That is first thing. Second thing is nascent market issue. I mean definitely in a nascent market, even with an incredibly strong ROI, it is not so easy to sell. I really want to be clear that we still feel incredibly excited about the opportunity here. It is interesting if we look internally, our IT, our CIO, I think I mentioned this before, I met with him a month ago and we reckon we had more ROI from that product than any other product we use right now in terms of high availability, not by as much as distillates from players like Netcop. So, we feel really good about and we are investing the roadmap in a pretty big way. I think overtime, I think it could be as big as BIG-IP. We are talking like 10 years out so not tomorrow. But definitely nascent market, financial vertical, the fight that we need to evangelize, the fight that we need to [Evile] and I do not think it was a poke in the eye either. I think it was a good…
Samuel Wilson - JMP Securities: So, that is my question and I will make a note the reason of that is missing numbers is because you are ordering less than you are supposed to. 
John McAdam: Any more questions?
Operator: Your next question comes from Cobb Sadler - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Cobb Sadler - Deutsche Bank Securities: You are trying a get an idea on how the economy if it does continue to slow, will it affect several parts of your businesses. So, do you think the low end, refresh and Viprion, I mean those are, could they not grow in a really bad economy? I guess is the question and then also if you could talk about how the 8000 series might be affected.
John McAdam: Yes, I mean if IT budget went completely frozen then all technology companies will have an issue. You cannot deny that. Are we in a space where the internet continues to grow? Absolutely. We had an example of a purchase last week where basically, it is a financial organization, I am not going to say who, but basically the reasonably big purchase, came very, very quickly because their website was being overran by internet traffic more than normal. That is an example. So, on the one hand, I think we are very high up in the radar screen, on the other hand we do need to look at the economy and I think we are in very, very good shape in terms of the packing order and we just watch revenue daily. Linearity is absolutely key for us and as we have had said earlier, invest behind revenue.
Cobb Sadler - Deutsche Bank Securities: Got it. So, IT spending were flat, the 1600, 3600 and Viprion; would be able to hit your internal targets if over IT spending were flat?
John McAdam: It is very hard to generalize that. IT spending probably is flat, probably at that right now. So, that is sort of assumptions we are making when we give guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Robison - Pacific Growth Equities.
Matthew Robison - Pacific Growth Equities: My usual question is to start with the digital central users, if you have that data?
Dan Matte: Sure, Matt. This is Dan. We talked out at the end of last quarter at 3200 with 3600 business at the central and one interesting thing too is we did launch digital central a Japanese version and that run up to number two in terms of contributing countries for content. So, year on year, we are going pretty well. It is up about 67% or so.
Matthew Robison - Pacific Growth Equities: Speaking of Japan, I think you said on the pre-announcement conference call that the new products will head and start to register in Japan. Is there a new dynamic in Japan with the channel or anything in particular that we should be seeing as a factor and change there?
John McAdam: No, not at all. That is extremely normal. When we introduced Timos as an example in 2004 with the law of new product, it was almost nine months before it started to really run pop in Japan. It tends to be very conservative with new products and I do not think that the 1600 and 3600 will be much different. Then having said that, it is same operating system. We have seen amazing quality by the way with both these products, both quality and almost less issues that these products we have seen in any product range we have ever introduced. We think that should definitely accelerate that one step of that experience that happens in Japan. And then overtime, as we have said, we think given the profile of Japan's business, they are going to benefit more from the 1600 and 3600 than any other job. We will say we are pretty sure about over a reasonable period of time and then hopefully the 3600 will get more and the more dividing software and then bringing the curves up the range in Japan and that is very much the strategy we have embarked upon.
Matthew Robison - Pacific Growth Equities: Of the three modules you are going to run on your low end and refresh, pretty one of them particularly strong in driving the sale?
John McAdam: We probably need to get back to you. I know [ASM], the application file module was that it had some pretty solid tax rate but I do not specifically if it was the top one.
Matthew Robison - Pacific Growth Equities: Andy, on the cash flow, how is the facilities charge flow through the cash flow statement? Is it already been a factor or is it something that is going to happen overtime going forward?
Andrew Reinland: Well I think as a charge, upfront it is non cash. You are not really going to see it but overtime what you will see is we will just lower operating expenses and we will flow through that way. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Choi - Jefferies & Co.
Bill Choi - Jefferies & Co.: Several questions here. First, Andy would you explain why inventory you expect to be up to $14 million to $16 million? I think it is typically a decline in the December quarter.
Andrew Reinland: Yes, that is pretty much directly tied to our product transition rise. So, being ready to meet the demand that we expect to see out there and then also in this environment a little bit, our overall inventory is pretty low and we want to make sure we have certain products and some parts and pieces that we want to make sure we have on hand and so we do some vice there.
John McAdam: A couple of weeks ago, the preannouncement call, I mentioned about the product refresh and that there is some eminent announcements coming that we are going to update you on the Analyst Day on November 4 but that is also we are getting upfront on some announcements in that area as well.
Bill Choi - Jefferies & Co.: Okay and also just in terms of visibility into the inventory of your distributors and also in Japan where it is two tiered, can you talk about inventory there? Is everything looking fairly clean too?
Andrew Reinland: Yes and just to be clear, Japan is actually the only dealer where we have an inventory. So, in our other dealers where we are sell through so it does not matter on the inventory level or where we sell in. We do not carry inventory. So, in Japan in particular and we usually do not disclose this but actually we have worked that inventory down in Japan. So, that is pretty much.
Bill Choi - Jefferies & Co.: And then John, I want to step back a little bit and look at one of the key drivers of your business which is the deployment of new servers whether it is for consolidation of data centers or just build out a new data centers in general. Obviously you guys are still performing quite well. The server guys have taken a big hit starting in the September month whether you look at IBM or Sun Micro. How do you feel about the tie between your products and ultimate pulse of demand of the servers and if server shipments continue to weaken and should necessarily expect your product to have a bit of a slowdown maybe couple quarter later?
John McAdam: No, I do not. Actually, let me explain why. Our business is absolutely as if the BIG-IP and Viprion business is related to that. However, it is related to server consolidation and virtualization pipeline, I have brought that out in my script. You should really think of the fact that you can have scenario where you are building a new data center and this is very common. You are effectively building up commodity building blocks and you are virtualizing them with VMware or with Microsoft products or whatever. Our products in that environment have a massive value add. So you actually maybe reducing the number of servers but you are actually increasing the value add from F5 solution. And the reason you are doing that is with all the value add that we do, the actual physical server we do it a virtual server space as well but even the quite more than that, the comp value add for physical servers plus the fact that you have got more complexity in terms of managing virtual servers. You have got provisioning requirements, series like that, and we have a tremendous play. In fact, we are actually a real key building block there. So no, I do not think there is a direct correlation at all because the way architectures have moved on.
Bill Choi - Jefferies & Co.: Right, but even when you virtualized, you typically deal with new servers whether it is systems from IBM or instead, but there is typically a new server involved because they tend to have a better performance, better power consumptions. So, you are saying there is no real link between new server shipments and the level business you would ultimately expect?
John McAdam: No, I am actually saying, I think the opposite from what you are asking which is when we get an opportunity where we receive data consolidation, we see our adoption in servers maybe moving because of virtualization, it is the most common way of doing that. That is an opportunity that the F5 Sales Force see to sell our products because if we do more value add in that space.
Bill Choi - Jefferies & Co.: Okay. One final question, you talk about where average deal sizes have gone since you guys really have moved up here in your new products into the higher end and new products also have higher SPT than the mid and low end.
Andrew Reinland: Yes, we met our average deal sizes had been just above 200,000. We saw it pretty comparable quarter over quarter. But yes, I think that was driven early on to the year by Viprion and then with the strengthening of a 3600 and 1600 this last quarter, I think it kind of balanced that out.
John McAdam: One of the things we will do just at the Analyst Day, we are going to talk about the profile, the number of the codes where we sell above $200,000 number of deal size. You will get more of visibility and I know that is on Mark Anderson’s presentation that is coming up.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason [Eider] - William Blair & Co.
Jason Eider - William Blair & Co.:   Just two quick questions, guys. First one of your suppliers, [Cavion] noted some concern over demand for high end boxes in networking. So, I was just wondering whether you are seeing any lengthening of sale cycles for some of the higher end boxes like the 8000 series.
John McAdam: Yes and no. I mean we have had actually had a different issue. So, we have seen Viprion very, very strong. We have seen our high end boxes very, very strong and obviously we have been focused on the opposite which is we are seeing a decline in the entry level product and that is why we introduced the 1600 and 3600 so we really have not seen that.
Jason Eider - William Blair & Co.: I know the Viprion was strong but I think we are thinking more in terms of the 8400 and some of the other…Okay, alright and then second question is in terms of your cautious guidance. Is that kind of spread across the world at this point? Is it in every region where you are going somewhat cautious right now? Could you maybe comment on each of your major geographies and how you are feeling relative to the guidance?
John McAdam: It is pretty much every region. I mean there is no question at each of these similar facts on the region. Obviously, we pay more attention than ever to the media given what we saw at the end of last quarter but pretty much across the board.
Jason Eider - William Blair & Co.: Lovely.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Evans - Sanford Bernstein.
Jeff Evans - Sanford Bernstein: As you look forward the fiscal year 2009, I can imagine that you have gone through an exercise and talked about R&D headcounts that is needed given your product development priorities, sales force addition, etc. How flexible or how much uncertainty is there in your spending plan for fiscal year 2009 in light of the economy?
John McAdam: Well, I think it goes back to the comments that we made that we are going to approach our investments very conservatively and we start out where in this quarter we said we thought we would have 40 to 60 employees then came in more at 30 because we are just being very tactical and very careful about how we will invest and we will be doing that through the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Long - Banc of America Securities.
Tim Long - Banc of America Securities: Just two quick ones if I could. First, just talk a little bit about the pricing and competitive environment, obviously good product cycle for you but other concerns that our competitors might see some slowing and kind of change the dynamic out there as you look out a quarter or two and have you seen any of that yet? And second, as we look out 6 to 12 months, how long does over tail do you think we have with both Viprion and the lower end products that are new? At what point do you think we need to see yet another new wave of products basically, another product cycle that would help keep that flat rate going on sequential basis? Thank you.
John McAdam: Just to go towards the end of the question. So, 3,600 Viprion all through '09, we think they are going to be growth drivers and beyond probably 2010 as well. One of the things we are going to talk about in a couple of weeks, in November 4 is the product roadmap and some detail. But you are going to see a product refresh of the other products happening in 2009, and as I was saying earlier you are going to see some of that stuffing eminently as well and we will talk a bit on that in a couple of weeks. So, we have a pretty strong refresher, in terms of the competitive environment.
Dan Matte: Yes, Tim this is Dan. As far as the competition goes and when we are seeing pricing wise, really there is always to be occasional practical thing going on from competitors. But overall, I think as reflected in our gross margins that we have not seen any big tectonic plates shift out there in terms of what is going on in the competitive environment. So, I think with the refresh that we got, with Viprion, we were really in a very, very strong position.
John Eldridge:  Yes, and Brian we will take some more question and we will be done.
Andrew Reinland: Yes, just a wrap up on that. We have seen pricing remain very stable, you see that on our product margins, watching the deals come across, we really seen no change I mean deal profiles from discount perspective or either, so I think that is important to know.
John Eldridge: Yet again, one more question Bryan, and we will wrap up the call.
Operator: Our last question comes from Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan Securities. 
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan Securities: Just wanted to know if things got really, really bad out there and everyone sort of predicting that, are there certain areas where you think you could actually cut cost as other than not adding headcount for certain areas where you guys are thinking that you can cut cost?
John McAdam: You mean what was in next size in the Company? There is always a case you can do that actually in 2000 we had to do that. In 2000, we made some pretty significant cost cutting. I do not think when the space at all right now. I really do not. Having said that, it is just that the economy is very, very difficult but what we are going to do is tight control, invest behind revenue.
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan Securities: There is another question I have so back to Europe really quickly as you saw things slow down, did you analyze it and as far as say whether it is just a complete freeze on spending or was it anything to do with the credit market that is freezing up where the customers could naturally pay you or provide advances, did you guys look at that?
John McAdam: Oh, yes. We looked at that pretty tightly. We did it by deal. I mean that is the way you do that. In other words, what was forecast, why it did not close? Most of what we saw was not that system. Most of what we saw was crisis. So, the great majority of the mixes that we saw was pushed out. Some of that went in this quarter, some would be delayed. Very few went away and then you have to basically do your sales judgment, your sales forecasting and your sales execution to see what you think at that. But it was pretty deal oriented.
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan Securities: And the last question is why could not service revenue begin to slowdown? The customers started to pullback and not do multi-year service contracts or they just go to one year or maybe not, maybe they just forget about renewing for a certain period or something like that. Why could not that happen?
John McAdam: Well, the vast majority about contracts of one year, we only have a few multi-year one. So, that is one part of the answer and the other piece is one that say using our products where it exist in the networks. That is a big risk to go and saying either when they have to go for our baits, either when they get help and we do not have a problem renewing. We always have to go to the debates and negations but we have very high renewal rates.
John Eldridge: Okay, thank you very much for joining us and again, if you have any follow up questions give me a call and we will make sure we answer.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-07-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: John Eldridge - Director of Investor Relations Andrew Reinland - Senior VP and Chief Financial Officer  John McAdam - President and CEO  Dan Matte - Senior VP of Marketing  Julian Eames - Senior VP of Business Operations  Mark Anderson - Senior VP of Worldwide Sales 
Analysts: Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets Kimberly Watkins - JP Morgan  Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray Matt Robison – Pacific Growth Equity Paul Mansky - Citigroup Ken Muth - Robert Baird  Manny Recarey – Kaufman Brothers Rohit Chopra – Wedbush Morgan Samuel Wilson - JMP Securities Ryan Hutchinson – Lazard  Brent Bracelin – Pacific Crest Securities Saud Masud - UBS Tim Long - Banc of America Securities 
Operator: Welcome to the F5 third quarter financial results conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. 
John Eldridge: Welcome to F5s conference call for the third quarter of fiscal 2008. Speakers on today’s call are John McAdam, President and CEO and Andy Reinland, Senior VP and Chief Financial Officer. John Rodriguez, Senior VP and Chief Accounting Officer, Mark Anderson, Senior VP of Worldwide Sales, Julian Eames, Senior VP of Business Operations in Global Services, Chris Lynch, Senior VP of Data Solutions, Dan Matte, Senior VP of Marketing and Karl Triebes, Senior VP of Product Development and CTO are also with us to answer questions following our prepared comments. During Q&A today we’d ask that you limit yourself to two questions. That will ensure that everyone who’d like to ask a question has an opportunity to do so. If you have follow up questions that are not addressed on the call, please direct them to me afterwards at 206-272-6571. If you don’t have a copy of today’s press release, it is available on our website, www.f5.com. In addition, you can access an archive version of today’s live webcast from the events calendar page of our website through October 22, from 4:30 pm today until 5:00pm Pacific Time, July 24 you can also listen to a telephone replay at 800-216-2086 or 402-220-3765. . During today’s call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our quarterly release and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. Now I will turn the call over to Andy Reinland.
Andrew Reinland: During Q3, solid top line results marked our 22nd consecutive quarter of sequential growth, driven by strong execution in our core business. Revenue for the third quarter of fiscal 2008 was $165.6 million, above our guided range of $160 million to $162 million. GAAP EPS of $0.23 per diluted share was also above our guided range of $0.21 to $0.22. Excluding stock-based compensation expense, non-GAAP EPS of $0.37 per diluted share was also above guidance. Product revenue of $114.8 million represented 69% of total revenue. Service revenue of $50.8 million accounted for 31%. Book to bill for the quarter was greater than one.  On a geographic basis, the Americas represented 58% of revenue, EMEA accounted for 21% and APAC was 13%. Japan contributed 7% of total revenue reflecting continued weakness, which was compounded by expected seasonal softness. Revenue from our core application delivery networking business was $153 million and accounted for 92% of total revenue. Revenue from our ARX storage virtualization products was $5.1 million, down from $8.1 million in Q2, and accounted for 3% of total revenue. At $7.5 million, revenue from FirePass was flat with Q2 and represented just under 5% of total. During Q3, technology was our strongest vertical at 22% of total revenue. Telco and service providers represented 21%, and the finance sector was 20%. US federal was 4% and total government accounted for 9%. During Q3 we had two greater than 10% distributors, AB-NET technologies at 14.2% and Ingram Micro at 10.8%.  Moving down the income statement, GAAP gross margin in Q3 was 76.9%. Excluding approximately $1.1 million of stock based compensation expense non-GAAP gross margin was 77.6%. GAAP operating expenses of $100.2 million were within our target range of $98 million to $101 million. This includes $13.8 million of stock comp expense.  GAAP operating margin was 16.4%. Non-GAAP operating margin, which excludes stock based compensation expense, was 25.4%. Our GAAP effective tax rate was 38.1%. Excluding stock based compensation expense, our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 34%.  On the balance sheet we ended the quarter with $447 million in cash and investments. Cash flow from operations was $55.8 million. Also during the quarter we repurchased $50 million of our common stock, representing approximately 1.8 million shares. Accounts receivable DSO ended the period at 53 days. Inventories at quarter end were $9.7 million. Deferred revenue increased 13% from the prior quarter to $139 million.  Capital expenditures for the quarter were $11.3 million and depreciation and amortization expense was $6 million. We ended the quarter with approximately 1,665 employees, essentially flat with Q2 as guided on the last call.  Moving on to the fourth quarter outlook, we are targeting Q4 revenue in the range of $172 million to $174 million. We expect GAAP gross margin in the 76% to 77% range, including approximately $1 million of stock based compensation expense. We anticipate operating expenses in the range of $108.3 million to $111.3 million. This includes approximately $15 million of stock based compensation expense and a one time $5.3 million charge related to office consolidation at our corporate headquarters.  We have entered into subleases ranging from three to five years for excess office space. We believe we have sufficient space to accommodate our growth at headquarters during this time frame. When we report our non-GAAP results for Q4 of 2008, we will exclude this charge due to the non-recurring nature of the expense.  Our GAAP EPS target is $0.19 to $0.20 per diluted share. Excluding both stock compensation and the non-recurring facility charge, our non-GAAP EPS target is $0.38 to $0.39 per diluted share. We are forecasting an effective tax rate of 38%. Excluding stock based compensation and the non-recurring facility charge, we expect a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 34%. On the strength of the quarter just ended and our outlook on the business, we plan to increase our headcount by 40 to 60 employees in the current quarter.  We estimate DSOs will be in the mid 50 day range. We expect inventory levels within a range of $10 million to $12 million and we believe our cash flow from operations will be in excess of $50 million. With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
John McAdam: I was delighted with the F5 team’s performance in Q3. From a geographic perspective, we saw strong results in Americas, Asia Pacific and EMEA, where we continue to win million dollar plus wins on a global basis. As expected, business in Japan was down sequentially during the first quarter of Japan’s new financial year, and our US Federal business was up sequentially in Q3 but still remains below our internal targets.  Once again, our professional services business was very solid. We achieved our largest ever increase in our deferred revenue balance, which now sits at $139 million. Our core application delivery controller business was also very strong, driven by significant sales of our new chassis based product, VIPRION. As I mentioned in last quarter’s call, we believe there is no competitive alternative to VIPRION in the market today, and we expect VIPRION to be a key driver of our business in Q4 and throughout fiscal 2009. Business from our ARX range of storage specialization products was down sequentially from last quarter, and below our internal target. The main reason for this was a precipitous drop in business on the financial vertical, where budgets for new projects are extremely tight. Regardless of the ROI benefits that would be obtained, the ARX business from the financial vertical was under $500,000 in Q3, down from over $5 million in Q1. This contrasts with business from our core application delivery controller products, which continues to be very strong in the financial vertical, and we expect strong demand to continue in Q4 and into 2009. On the positive side, sales of ARX outside the financial vertical continued to be strong in Q3 and we are very focused on continuing expansion of our ARX business by penetrating other verticals in Q4 and in fiscal 2009. From a product and technology perspective, I feel very good about our competitive position in the marketplace. As I mentioned earlier, VIPRION has no real competition. The pipeline of VIPRION’s deals has grown steadily during last quarter, and interest level for its high performance capabilities and unique feature set continues to grow. We also have a comprehensive product line refresh on our road map, which we believe will maintain our technology leadership throughout next year and be a significant driver for continued growth in our business. Today we issues a press release announcing a new entry level product – the BIG-IP 1600 and the BIG-IP 3600. These two products will replace our existing BIG-IP 1500 and 3400 products, and significantly increase our competitiveness at the low end of our product line. The new 1600 and 3600 products offer twice the performance of the existing products for approximately the same price. More importantly, we increased the functionality of these products significantly by adding new features including application firewall and web acceleration capabilities.  We believe we have created a significant buyer to entry with our TMOS architecture and the clustered multi processing application which we developed for VIPRION. This new architecture has been deployed in these new entry level products, which allows us to deliver the increased performance and additional functionality. We have already taken orders and shipped these new products on a limited availability basis, and we expect to see strong interest in the new products in this coming quarter and into fiscal 2009. As I stated earlier, we have a comprehensive plan to refresh our entire BIG-IP product portfolio. The entry level products mark the first phase, and we expect to be introducing more products in the first half of fiscal 2009. As far as future guidance is concerned Andy indicated that we see Q4 revenue guidance in the range of $172 million to $174 million. As we commented on last quarter, the key business drivers for our products remain in place. Internet traffic and unstructured stories continue to grow significantly and F5’s products provide our customers a very compelling and substantial return on the investment.  However, the economic situation makes for a conservative spending environment and we believe we are taking a suitably cautious but realistic view of our opportunity. Q4 is usually a very strong quarter for the company, and our pipeline moving into Q4 is very solid. We also enjoy a competitive leadership position with ARX, BIG-IP and VIPRION and we expect to increase this competitive leadership with new products like the new BIG-IP 1600 and 3600. I continue to remain very optimistic about the opportunities for F5 and I would like to close by once again thanking the F5 team and the partners for their efforts in Q3. And with that we will turn the call over for Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill.
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill: The ARX was weak in the financial sector, but it sounds like your BIG-IP did very well in the financial sector. Why the difference between those two?
John McAdam: Yes, we’re pretty sure we understand the difference. In fact, if you look at a number of the surveys that have been done on the financial sector in general spending with CIO, they come back loud and clear, but the financial sector is still spending what is absolutely key to their business and the internet, the projects that have already started, it’s growing because the internet traffic is growing, etc. etc.. Where it’s a new project of any kind, whether it’s technology or otherwise, they’re being very, very cautious in their spending. So our pipeline in ARX still remains quite good, but we definitely are seeing significant caution when it comes to a new project and, of course, ARX is a very niche market.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets : Maybe just deal sizes, and also, John, if you could comment on sales cycles if that’s changing. And within deal sizes if you could normalize it, understanding VIPRION is a big part of that, and just your thoughts if the environment is improving, deteriorating or if it’s still status quo on the macro.
Andrew Reinland: In terms of deal sizes, we saw them right around $200,000 for the quarter, which is not up much from last quarter. Overall, we’re seeing a lot more million dollar deal sizes broadly in our business. We’ve seen that grow over the year, and compared to a year ago it’s increased significantly. So, that, combined with VIPRION. VIPRION didn’t really pull it up dramatically, so - $200,000. 
John McAdam: And then in terms of the macro environment it’s pretty interesting, especially in our core ABC business, we had a solid quarter, rate run quarter. It really was pretty linear in nature and quite encouraging. The other thing is, we’ve mentioned in the past couple of quarters about the pipeline and how it had reduced. It actually went back to normal levels last quarter, which is interesting. I’m not going to make any call on that, in terms of what that really means. It could mean a number of things, obviously. We’re probably being more conservative in the way we factor the pipeline, just by definition. I think we’re also gaining now from the sales productivity, where we see the aging of our sales force improve. So, overall, we’re pretty happy with the way things went.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kim Watkins - JP Morgan.
Kimberly Watkins - JP Morgan : Just a quick follow up on a Acopia first, ARX. I know previously adjusted guidance of $25 million to $30 million for the fiscal year. I realize that Q3 was a little bit soft, so I wanted to hear if there’s any update on that. And then secondly, you called this out, but the service business continues to be really strong and you specifically mentioned professional services. I just wanted to dig into that a little bit more and wanted to see if you could talk about how large professional services is now and what’s really been driving the growth. Is it still renewals on maintenance, or primarily professional services at this point? Thank you.
John McAdam: As we look at the ARX business for the moment, we now believe it’s going to be on the original forecast that we gave after the acquisition, in between $25 million and $30 million. We had been saying previously, in the last couple quarters, we thought it was going to go above $30 million, but given last quarter’s slowdown in financial, between $25 million and $30 million. In terms of our service business, we are talking about our pure vanilla services business, maintenance contracts, general support, and the issue there is that we’re in a mission critical environment, we’re seeing great renewal rates, we’re seeing great attach rates, our deferred revenue is at the highest level it’s been, and we get pretty good visibility in that. So you should expect that to be remaining that strong for now as we move into 2009.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray.
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: John, could you give us any framework around what BIG-IP revenues would be, low, single digit millions, high single digits, any insight would be helpful.
John McAdam: No, we don’t give out by individual product the numbers, but it was significant. It did definitely have a significant effect on the quarter. The actual order sizes, the general size of the overall deal, is clearly much bigger than the previous products. But we’re not giving out specific numbers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Robison - Pacific Growth Equity.
Matt Robison – Pacific Growth Equity: First off, my usual DevCentral user question, and I know you had real tough comparison with the big jump in the March quarter, what was that? And then, curious, you went out with more of a campaign in the application ready network solutions and I’m curious if you’ve seen any incremental system integration partners, or any applications that really drove the numbers incrementally there.
Dan Matte: On the DevCentral side, we’re just over 29,000. We ended the quarter in terms of user count. And then looking on the ARN side, and what’s going on, I don’t think we picked up any new partners, specifically, but we did extend the programs we had. Some people, like with HP, definitely extended what we’re doing with them. We had issued a couple of press releases, actually, implementing things like SAP and Sharepoint in conjunction with web accelerator based on the strength of our application ready networking story and coming through partners as well. So, I think we continue to see improved traction on that front.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Mansky – Citigroup.
Paul Mansky - Citigroup: Couple questions on the 1600 and 3600. First and foremost, can you talk a little bit about the margin profile on those products relative to the Legacy solutions. Then I was hoping you could wrap a little bit more color around when in the quarter you anticipated volume ramp, and then possibly quantify, to the degree that you can, how much, if any, business you think slipped out of June into September in anticipation of the release.
Andrew Reinland: So, on the gross margin front, actually, these products are going to be right in line with the Legacy products and, as we’ve talked about a lot, when we enter design and pricing for our product line, we price to margin and were able to do that again with these two products, so really no change.
John McAdam: And in terms of business slipping, we really didn’t see any significant amount of that. The issue with that question is it’s pretty subjective because you don’t always know the answer, but our instincts are that we didn’t see any customers waiting any significant amount of time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Muth - Robert Baird.
Ken Muth – Robert Baird: The EMEA region slowed down a little bit here sequentially. Are you seeing any slowdown and, if so, what countries would you highlight that you’re seeing a little bit of softness in?
John McAdam: EMEA we were very happy with. Their year over year growth has been fantastic, and the comparison was pretty tough. But they had a pretty solid quarter. Clearly, as we go into this Q4, EMEA tends to be somewhat flat to maybe slightly up given the seasonality, but that’s very normal so we’re very, very happy with that geography. We don’t see any issues – I think it’s going to keep growing aggressively year on year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Manny Recarey - Kaufman Brothers.
Manny Recarey – Kaufman Brothers: Could you just tell me where the employees are looking at hiring. Are those more in the sales and marketing or in any other areas? And then, with the product refresh that you’re looking at later in this year or calendar 2009, how do you feel about customers pulling back considering the economic environment, and waiting for the new products?
Andrew Reinland: Yes, so in terms of the hiring, Manny, I think it’s going to be a little bit weighted – maybe 40%ish to sales and sales support and then the rest of it you’ll see split between product development and service.
John McAdam: In terms of product refresh, this is something we’ve been doing very successfully for over six years, you could argue eight years, but certainly over six. And we’ve had massive product refreshes like Buffalo Jump, VIPRION, now the 1600 and 3600, and with those being complacent, we’re very confident that we will manage future products as well. So I think we’ve got that very much in control. I don’t think we’re going to see any significant slowdown. And that’s been the nature of the type of business we’re in.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan.
Rohit Chopra – Wedbush Morgan: Can you talk about the competitive environment, maybe some pricing, anything going on over there? And then also, if you can give some more color on VIPRION – maybe the make up of the customers, how many boxes they’re buying or something like that just to get a sense of what’s happening.
Dan Matte: As far as the competitive environment goes, relatively unchanged in terms of what’s going on with the players. The one thing I’d draw your attention to is just looking at market share statistics, we continue to pick up share against folks like Cisco and Citrix out there over the past couple quarters. So that’s good news. And, of course, the last information that was published by Gartner, for example, was for calendar Q1. So it’s a little bit dated and we’ll see the refresh of that. But in terms of pricing environment and other types of behaviors pretty consistent with what we’ve seen over the past couple of quarters?
John McAdam: And then with VIPRIO, we’ve mentioned this, large internet based companies, big dot com type of environment, there’s been a really good take up there in doing some really cool applications in that type of environment. Telco and especially in the mobile space as well, and also some enterprise, which I mentioned in the last call. But definitely, as we look over the next six months, we think Telco and big internet will continue to be the big market movers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Ireland - JMP Securities.
Doug Ireland - JMP Securities: I was wondering, on the 1600 and 3600, if you’ve seen any change in tone at the low end and if you expect to gain market share down at that end.
John McAdam: We said this a couple time over the last nine months – if you split a product line between the entry level, which is effectively the 1500 and the 3400 now to be replaced with the 1600 and 3600, and then the 6400 and above, then we’re seeing growth in the order of high 30% year over year, sometimes in the 40% range, and we’ve been seeing a slowdown in the 1500/3400 range. We’re pretty convinced that one of the big issues there was that a lot of the feature sets and modules, etc. didn’t run in those products, and that’s why we changed it.  If we could see our entry level get into a scenario where the growth was flat, we’d be in a very, very good position. So, that’s the issue we’re trying to address with these new products, and we think we have a very good chance of doing that because not only now have we added the features that we’re missing, but as I said in my introduction, we’ve introduced a product that’s incredibly more reliable from an architectural point of view and is approximately double the performance for the same price.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Hutchinson - Lazard.
Ryan Hutchinson - Lazard: It looks like with the Acopia disappointing, core revenue grew around 14% year over year, versus around 11% last quarter. What I’m trying to get at is, is it fair to assume that the March quarter was at the trough and we should expect an acceleration here moving forward with that core business?
John McAdam: We’re not going to describe it that way, but we’re very happy with the core growth. Internally we’ve been expecting our product in the core ADC gaining momentum. I think we’ve actually said that. I think it’s very linked to the fact that we introduced VIPRION in this fiscal quarter. I think the 1600 and the 3600 are going to help it even more. And I think the product refresh will do the same during the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brent Bracelin- Pacific Crest Securities.
Brent Bracelin – Pacific Crest Securities: First, on deferred revenue, obviously $23 million sequential spike here, highest in 5 years by a wide degree. What’s driving that? Is there some acceleration attached to maintenance contracts ahead of some of these new products? Any color on why you’re seeing an acceleration there?
Julian Eames: On the maintenance contracts, the standard contracts are growing at the rates we’ve seen in the last 2 or 3 years, and we’ve added additional services, particularly around RMA, over the course of the last 18 months and we’re seeing a great pick up on that as well. So we see that growth deferred over those two added together.
Brent Bracelin – Pacific Crest Securities: Looking at your service provider business, obviously it looks like that had a healthy rebound. Was that solely tied to VIPRION, or were there any other factors that drove the strong sequential rebound there in service provider?
John McAdam: VIPRION helped it. It wasn’t alone, because we did see some fairly big projects in the 8800 front as well, but we also did see some VIPRION deals.
Operator: Your next question comes from Saud Masud - UBS.
Saud Masud - UBS: I just wanted to get some color on where you’re investing, in terms of your headcount, where you’re compelled to put more feet on the street. Is there any particular vertical, geography? If you can provide some color on that. And then I just have a follow up on any opportunity you can share with us that could be created from this Brocade Foundry transaction. Is there anything that we should look forward to from that?
Mark Anderson: Sure, on the sales side – this is Mark, Saud, we talked about 40% of the hires we’re looking at this quarter coming from sales. We’re just going to invest where the growth is the greatest, and right now we see that in EMEA, North America and APAC. We still have account managers out there that call on a couple of countries, so there’s lots of opportunity to split territories and drive up sales productivity, and addressing a demand that we’re not getting to right now.  And regarding Brocade Foundry, we don’t see any short term effect on that acquisition. And by short term, I’d be surprised if it had any effect on our business during fiscal 2009. We really don’t compete much against either company. We do have some competition with ARX and Brocade’s product, but it’s pretty small. And we have pretty small competition with Foundry but again, they’re very, very small
Operator: Your last question comes from Scott Thompson - Banc of America Securities.
Scott Thompson – Banc of America Securities: We hit on VIPRION versus 880, is there any cannibalization there? If there is, anything you are doing to try to limit it.
John McAdam: Again, this is one of these things where there may be some, but it’s very, very natural. It’s the same when we introduced the 8800 with the 8400, which was introduced after the 6800. If you’re asking is there anything that we see that is different from what we expect, absolutely not. It’s been very natural. So, yes I think there’s probably some customers that ordered the VIPRION that may have, if we hadn’t produced VIPRION, would have ordered some 8800 possibly, but it’s not something that’s an issue in our business.
Operator: That was the last question.
John Eldridge: Thank you for joining us. Please give us a call if you have any follow up questions.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-04-23 16:30:00) =====
Executives: John McAdam - President and CEO  Andy Reinland - Senior VP and Chief Financial Officer  John Rodriguez - Senior VP and Chief Accounting Officer  Mark Anderson - Senior VP of Worldwide Sales  Julian Eames - Senior VP of Business Operations  Chris Lynch - Senior VP of Data Solutions  Dan Matte - Senior VP of Marketing  Karl Triebes - Senior VP of Product Development and CTO John Eldridge - Director of Investor Relations 
Analysts: Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray Jason Adler - Thomas Weisel Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer  Matt Robison - Ferris, Baker Watts Saud Masud - UBS  Samuel Wilson - JMP Securities Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets Jeff Stallion - Banc of America Securities  Kimberly Watkins - JP Morgan  Ken Muth - Robert Baird  Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan 
Operator: Welcome to the F5 second quarter financial results. All parties will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today’s call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you sir; you may begin.
John Eldridge: Thanks Rosy. Welcome to our conference call for the second quarter of fiscal 2008. Speakers on today’s call are John McAdam, President and CEO and Andy Reinland, Senior VP and Chief Financial Officer. John Rodriguez, Senior VP and Chief Accounting Officer, Mark Anderson, Senior VP of Worldwide Sales, Julian Eames, Senior VP of Business Operations in both the services, Chris Lynch, Senior VP of Data Solutions, Dan Matte, Senior VP of Marketing and Karl Triebes, Senior VP of Product Development and CTO are also with us to answer questions following our prepared comments. If you don’t have a copy of today’s release, it is available on our website, www.f5.com. In addition, you can access an archive version of today’s live webcast from the events calendar page of our website through July 23, from 4:30 pm today until 5:00pm Pacific Time, April 24 and also listen to a telephone replay at 800-925-5414 or 402-530-8073. During today’s call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our quarterly release and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. With that, I will turn the call over to Andy Reinland.
Andrew Reinland: Thank you John. During Q2, continuing solid execution enabled F5 to achieve our 21st consecutive quarter of sequential growth. Revenue for the second quarter of fiscal 2008 was $159.1 million within our guided range of $158 million to $160 million. GAAP EPS of $0.21 per diluted share was also within our guided range of $0.21 to $0.22. Excluding stock-based compensation expense, non-GAAP EPS was $0.35 per diluted share. Product revenue of $112.1 million represented 70% of total revenue. Service revenue of $47 million was 30%. Book to bill for the quarter was less than 1.  On a geographic basis, the Americas represented 55% of revenue, EMEA had another strong quarter accounting for 23% and APAC was 13%. In what is typically Japan’s strongest quarter, revenue was down approximately $0.5 million from Q1 and accounted for 10% of total revenue, below expectations. Revenue from our core application delivery networking business including application security and WAN optimization was $143.6 million or 90% of total revenue. Revenue from our ARX storage virtualization products contributed $8.1 million or 5% of total revenue. Revenue from FirePass was $7.5 million just under 5% of total revenue. Looking at revenue by vertical the finance sector comprised 25% of total revenue. Telecom represented 19% and the technology sector was 20%.  Although we had expected US federal to be up in Q2 it was slightly down from Q1 comprising 3% of total revenue. During Q2 we have one greater than 10% distributor AB-NET technologies which accounted for 12%.  Moving down the income statement, GAAP gross margin in Q1 was 76.9%. Excluding approximately $1.1 million of stock based compensation expense non-GAAP gross margin was 77.6%. GAAP operating expenses of $99 million were within our target range of $97 million to $100 million. This includes $14.6 million of stock based compensation.  Our GAAP operating margin was 14.8%. Our non-GAAP operating margin which excludes stock based compensation was 24.6%. Our GAAP effective tax rate was 39%. Excluding stock based compensation expense our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 35.3%.  On the balance sheet we ended the quarter with $450 million in cash and investments. Cash flow from operations was $36.9 million. During the quarter we repurchased approximately 4.4 million shares of our common stock for $100 million. Accounts receivable DSO ended the period at 58 days consistent with our guidance and with last quarter. Inventories at quarter end were $8.6 million. Deferred revenue increased to 11% from the prior quarter to $122.6 million.  Capital expenditures for the quarter were $7.7 million and depreciation and amortization expense was $5.8 million. During Q2 we increased our head count by approximately 40 people ending the quarter with 1,665 full time employees.  Moving on to the second quarter outlook clearly the economic environment has made our goal of achieving sequential revenue growth throughout fiscal 2008 more challenging. However we continue to see strength in our pipeline and opportunities in both application delivery and storage virtualization. Taking these factors into consideration we are targeting Q3 revenue in the range of $160 million to $162 million. We expect GAAP gross margin in the 76% to 77% range. This includes approximately $1 million of stock based compensation expense.  We believe we have the team in place to execute on the current market opportunities and to meet our near term product development goals. Accordingly hiring will likely be modest and we do not expect to increase head count significantly during the current quarter.  For Q3 we anticipate operating expenses in the range of $98 million to $101 million including approximately $14 million of stock based compensation expense. We are forecasting our effective tax rate at 38%. Excluding stock-based compensation, we expect our non-GAAP effective tax rate to be 35%. Our GAAP EPS target is $0.21 to $0.22 per diluted share. Excluding stock compensation, our non-GAAP EPS target is $0.34 to $0.35 per diluted share. We estimate DSOs will be in the mid-to-upper 50 days range. We expect inventory levels within a range of $9 million to $10 million and we expect cash flow from operations to be in excess of $40 million. For a reconciliation of expected non-GAAP third quarter earnings, please refer to today’s press release. With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
John McAdam: Thanks Andy and good afternoon everyone. I was very pleased with the F5 team’s performance in Q2. We now have notched up 21 quarters of sequential growth, a performance we are proud of. I was especially happy that we were able to deliver sequential quarterly growth in product revenue in both our application delivery controller business and in our storage virtualization business. From a geographic perspective, we saw another strong result in EMEA and excellent results in Asia Pacific. Our North America enterprise business was down sequentially from last quarter as a result of a drop in our US Telco vertical. Excluding US Telco, North American enterprise was up slightly quarter-over-quarter. I was pleased with that result, given the usual seasonality issues that we see in North America enterprise in Q2 combined with the current challenges in the economy. We continue to be disappointed with our performance in Japan and with our US federal business both of which were down sequentially from the pervious quarter and below our internal expectations. We continue to see delays in final sign-off on projects where we are confident the F5 solution have been selected but spending has been delayed to future quarter. Our professional services business was very solid and we expect that trend to be maintained throughout the year as deferred revenues continue to increase and renewal rates remain high. Another area of our business that was very encouraging was the number of $1 million plus sales wins that we achieved on a global basis in our major geographies. This was definitely a global trend with sales greater than $1 million in the UK, France, the Netherlands, China, and of course the US. We continue to make good progress with sales of our ARX range of storage virtualization products, knowing our product portfolio from the Acopia acquisition. In the December quarter, approximately 65% of ARX sales within the financial services vertical with a large proportion concentrated in the Wall Street investment banking sector. In Q2, we were able to expand the ARX business and penetrate other verticals to the extent that the finance vertical represented 29% of the ARX business. Our goal is to continue to expand our penetration into other verticals during Q3 and the rest of the year. We made a significant investment in Q2 to train the existing F5 channel on our storage virtualization products and we are seeing that investments starting to pay off in Q3 and expect this payoff to accelerate in Q4.
shafay: The interest level for the VIPRION products is definitely increasing, the pipeline of prospects is growing and we should see some solid results in Q3. We believe there is no comparative alternative to VIPRION’s performance capabilities and high availability features. The technology refresh of an existing BIG-IP product range continues to be on track and we have moved into customer beta test phase with our new entry level systems. These new products will enable us to offer our customer significant performance and functionality improvements at a very competitive price.  As far as future guidance is concerned Andy indicated that we see Q3 revenue guidance in the range of $160 million to $162 million. We have a competitive leadership position with ARX, BIG-IP and VIPRION. Our business pipeline is solid, internet traffic and unstructured stories continue to grow significantly and F5 products provide our customers a very compelling and substantial return on the investment.  However clearly the economic situation makes a conservative spending environment right now and we believe we are taking a cautious but realistic view of our opportunity. That being said I continue to remain very optimistic about the opportunities for F5 and the second half of fiscal 2008 and beyond and I would like to close by once again thanking the F5 team and the partners for their efforts in Q2 and with that we will turn the call over to Q-and-A.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) our first question comes from Troy Jensen.
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray:  Hello can you guys hear me.
Mark Anderson: Yeah we can hear you Troy.
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: Hey, congrats on the nice quarter gentleman.
Mark Anderson: Thank you.
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: Hey, so a couple of questions quick. Andy I think the last time we spoke and you guys had stated publicly that you felt like a lot of the slow down or kind of decelerating growth had to do with you guys is kind of losing share, just the low end business not performance as well because you are pushing this up for modules. Just curious, the growth that you saw this quarter was it kind of evenly distribute across low and high end or do you think the low end bounces once the new products come up?
John McAdam: Yeah Troy it’s John here. No, we saw the trend actually much the same, in fact slightly increasing in the last quarter as well -- in other words, of 6400 product line obviously I am talking that BIG-IP and VIPRION of course. The 6400 product line growth was actually substantial and we saw another slight drop of in the entry level. So there is always some bad news in the entry level dropping off, but when we think the product refresh is like that, it actually becomes an opportunity. So, apart from Japan every geography saw a very significant in the high end.
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: Okay and I mean the new products John, did you give a date or time frame?
John McAdam: We didn’t really give a date, but what I did say was it’s in customer beta test phase. So clearly it’s a technology where we are well accustomed to it and know so -- we feel good about that but we won’t get a date until it’s finished the customer test.
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: Okay, that’s fine. A question on Acopia now. Speculation -- I just wondered if it passed you guys. Speculation is that a lot of the Acopia business is being used as load balancing. Like some of these firms are doing big data center consolidations and that it’s not being used as a file of virtualization once the consolidation is complete. Just -- I was wondering if you guys have any metrics for how the product’s being used or if you consider that topic, it would be great.
John McAdam: Yeah, Chris Lynch is actually dialing in from Boston. So Chris, do you want to do that?
Chris Lynch: Sure. So obviously migration is one of our key applications to the product and data center consolidation definitely creates an acute requirement for the product but the fact of the matter is that migrations happen daily without moves and changes in provisioning of the backend and so we don’t see the phenomenon that you are suggesting. Quite to the contrary, I would point to the take rate and services and from my perspective, I'm not aware of any situation where a customer has taken us out of line which is really what they would need to do or they would do rather if they were just using us for a one-time event and we are just not seeing that at all. In fact, I would say that since the acquisition, we have seen the emergence of -- probably now, our largest application of product which is caring, allowing customers to move data from tier 1 to tier 2 automatically and seamlessly off their number one application and we need to be in line 7/24 to do that and as most of you probably know, 30% of data in tier 1 is active. 70% that sits there is dormant and we are all about moving that 70% to cheat low-cost manageable storage.
Troy Jensen: Got it. Perfect. Keep up the good work guys.
- Piper Jaffray: Got it. Perfect. Keep up the good work guys.
Mark Anderson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Adler of Thomas Weisel.
Jason Adler - Thomas Weisel: Yeah, thanks. Hey guys. So, if we look at the performance against expectations by region, John, how would you say it compared to the expectations going into the quarter?
John McAdam: I would say North America, all in track. Obviously, we mentioned US Telco was down a little bit but generally North American enterprise in particular felt good about that. Felt very good about EMEA especially after having a previously really, really strong quarter. Asia Pacific was absolutely fantastic as well, and then I know the Japan team is probably listening to this but we did see some issues there, so that was a disappointment.
Jason Adler - Thomas Weisel: Okay, so I mean all things being equal, North America besides the Telco, you have to be pretty satisfied with how you did there given what you are hearing from some of your competitors and some other players.
John McAdam: And then the other thing, Jason, the other thing was that I highlighted the number of $1 million deals that we won on a global basis and we are very, very happy with that as well.
Jason Adler - Thomas Weisel: One other things we had picked up was that there were sort of abnormal levels of discounting in North America. Could you make any comment on that? We heard that from some of your channels? Is there any change in behavior there? Certainly didn’t show up in the gross margins but I just kind of curious as to whether there was any difference.
John McAdam: No, really no, none at all. No different trend whatsoever.
Jason Adler - Thomas Weisel: Okay. And then could you provide any color on magnifier and went out without giving specific number could you give us some sense of how they did in the quarter. 
John McAdam: Yeah, so magnifier really which is known as the application security module, we really measure that intently in two ways; one is actually the number of the modules and the licenses in the software and also the BIG-IP leverage that goes on there and that was very pretty significant. Very, very strong quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year growth and along with that with Web Accelerator; if you look at the actual growth trends say via histogram, it’s an excellent graph. What optimization is still struggling for is I am talking about the 1-J product. We got a whole number of things -- initiatives on the go but frankly we are not going to discuss them until they are ready. We’ve had one or two false starts here, so that’s in process, we haven’t give up but that was actually pretty small. Whoever accelerates of a strong ASM was strong.
Jason Adler - Thomas Weisel: If I were to combine that security module together with WebAccelerator that was growth -- strong growth sequentially.
John McAdam: Yeah and -- but remember they are sitting at top of BIG-IP as modules. 
Jason Adler - Thomas Weisel: Okay.
John McAdam: That.. okay.
Jason Adler - Thomas Weisel: Okay and then last question; as we are going into this tougher economy here and certainly North America and lot of their customers going through data center consolidation projects obviously one of the big areas that we hear about is sever virtualization with things like the VMWare; could you comment on what impact that you may have seen or you might see from server virtualization just from a stand point of fewer physical servers out there to low balance. I am wondering if you have any comment on that? 
Dan Matte:  Sure Jason, this is Dan. A couple of phenomenon’s going on in that space. First, of all when people do consolidate their applications down to fewer physical servers it becomes more important for them to protect them with products like our, the sort of more eggs in one basket; they want to make sure that basket is protected as possible. The other thing that we are seeing is that as people role some applications into a virtualized environment they are beginning to run into some performance challenges as well so again things like WebAccelerator can really help out there. So, all-in-all we still believe we are in the beginning phases of people really trying to roll out several virtualization in any big way and we think about it and that’s positive for us. Also I should add during the quarter too we -- you may have seen the announcement that we made with the VMWare. We joined the technology alliance partner program and also we positioned deployment guys and actually opened up a corner down central as well for VMWare and one of the interesting things that we saw was with the white paper and how to clarify us with the VMWare which was into our top ten list more quickly than any other document we ever published.
Jason Adler - Thomas Weisel: Great thank you very much guys.
John McAdam: Thank you 
Operator: Our next question comes from Erik Suppiger of Signal Hill.
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill:   Good afternoon, congrats on a good quarter, a tough economy. On Acopia was up about 5%, how was that compared to what you were expecting and it sounds as though given if that was -- it wasn’t real significant growth and the financial piece of it came down significantly. Can you give us any color as to what was going on with your sales strategy there? 
John McAdam: Yeah, so it’s pretty much what we were expecting. It wasn’t significant -- it was in the range of what we were expecting, but you are right, that’s why I highlighted the financial vertical especially the Wall Street investment banking side of it. Well, we definitely did see a number of delays happening on projects and some of them could well happen this quarter, some may even be well elongated beyond that, so -- but we have taken that into account, but what we are very happy with was the diversity of verticals and the usage models that Chris was talking about. We still believe that we will exceed that 30 million plus for the fiscal year and feel really good about it. So now that the F5 sales team caught it and trained as I said in my script, we expect that to accelerate in the second half.
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill: Were there any particular verticals that saw a sharp uptick with Acopia?
John McAdam: A range of them, manufacturing, technology, areas like that.
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill: Okay. Then on the low end product, it doesn’t sound like you are going to give a date. Can you at least comment as to whether or not some of the new models would be in the current quarter or in the second quarter? I think you have said in the second half of this year.
John McAdam: We are going to stick to that Erik. We believe these new entry level products have an impact on our business in the second half of this year and just leave it to that. Well, it’s in customer beta phase.
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill: Okay, then last question on the sales force productivity. It looks like you had a marginal improvement over last quarter from sales and marketing as a percentage of revenue, but where do you feel like you are in terms of making some material improvements on sales force productivity and what might we expect going forward?
John McAdam: We did see a marginal improvement on the productivity in the core specifically. We were actually hiring reasonably aggressively last quarter in the data solution space with Acopia. So over time, we will see an improvement in that. Clearly balance that with a tough environment, so it’s not really apples for apples anymore but we think we will still see the productivity increasing as the aging of our sales force increases which we are seeing.
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill: Any sense for where you would like to get sales and marketing as a percentage of revenue?
John McAdam: No, we haven’t set a target, a next demo target, no.
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill: Very good. Thanks a lot.
John McAdam: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ittai Kidron of Oppenheimer.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer: Hi guys. Congratulations on a good quarter. John, can you just clarify when you take about second half of the year, talking fiscal year calendar.
John McAdam: They are definitely fiscal sorry.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer: Fiscal, okay. Just to make sure everybody’s on the same page. Now with regard to your hiring plan, just given the macro environment, I guess the negative would be the environment; on the flip side, you got a product refresh on the entry level and you have VIPRION that’s getting a little bit momentum. At what point do you feel or what will you need to see from a gradual improvement to make you feel more comfortable in starting to hire again more aggressively? 
Andrew Reinland: Yeah, I think. It’s going to be pretty simple. This is Andy. We talk a lot about investing behind the revenue and we are committed to that approach to investments over the remainder of the fiscal year and so we will be making those decisions, watching headcount as we do on a daily and weekly basis and making decisions as we see revenue develop.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer: Okay and John, specifically with regards to Japan, why do you think you are having issues? What’s not working well as to plan there? How do you analyze it?
John McAdam:   Yeah, I think it’s a couple of things. First of all, there is definitely economy issues; you can’t describe them at all and we are not hiding behind them but they do exist and then the point I mentioned early about -- if you look at the proportion of entry level systems in the geography. Japan is much more concentrated towards selling lower end products and Mark Anderson who is here has actually been over in Japan and visited and go up on and the plan is basically based on selling higher end products. I think the new low end products will help almost by definition but the real key for us in the longer term is to sell more up value where we get more modules and more solutions and more features. 
Mark Anderson: Yeah If can just add just basically follow the plan that we’ve implemented in APAC, EMEA and North America. I mean all three of those theatres are tugging on very well from a productivity stand point and having success articulating the higher end platforms and the compelling dye proposition.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer: Okay, and then couple small ones from your house keeping; one on your distributors. It’s seems like that as a percent of your revenues that have been kind of going down more and more and more and I just to want to get a better understanding is that a reflection of a change in the relationship you have with them or a sort of expansion -- natural expansion of your outer shell because it seems like Ingro Micro is not -- you haven’t mentioned that and AB-NET is going down sequentially as well. I just want to understand what’s going on there.
Mark Anderson: From our perspective there is really no change in the relationships with the distributors and not to talk to about anyone individually but if you take our top distributors as a group, a total percentage really didn’t change that much. It was really a mix issue between the distributors just -- and I think it is primarily tight to their given businesses within this quarter and how they were effected by the economy.
Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer: Alright good and then lastly Andy can you just remind us how much you have left on your buyback. 
Mark Anderson: The total plan was for the calendar year and it was $200 million, so we still have a $100 million left in the plan.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer: Okay good luck guys.
Mark Anderson: Thanks very much okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Matt Robison of Ferris, Baker Watts. 
Matt Robison - Ferris, Baker Watts. : Hey, good afternoon. Have you -- has share point begun to move the needles for you guys in terms of significant application driver or were there any other applications that might have developed for you guys significantly in the quarter. 
Dan Matte: Bob this is Dan; share point absolutely is making impact for us. The efforts that we are doing with Hewlett Packard and we are seeing a dry business and large opportunities really globally, so we have been very pleased with that. I can’t bring out any numbers on it specifically but other things like Office Communication Server 2007 which had some new stuff come out for Windows Server 2008; we have an application ready Networks Solution for that dynamics as well from Microsoft, a new step on the Oracle front as well. Oracle communication and it’s mobility server, so multiple, multiple things going on there, so we continue to be very pleased. 
Matt Robison - Ferris, Baker Watts : Is this moving your business towards system integrators from the kind of channel partners that were distributor type partners? 
Dan Matte: I don’t think in any meaningful way it’s moving away from them but we are seeing systems integrators that we partner with speaking about more of an impact for us. It looks like Hewlett Packard, like CST, like EDS are all doing very well.
Mark Anderson: And we are also seeing our partners uplift their capabilities by going in and selling with application deployments. So the application ready networking phenomena that we’ve trained our world wide sales team on; we’ve actually extended great effort to train our partners as well. So, their value statements are increasing just as ours are.
Matt Robison - Ferris, Baker Watts: Are you seeing some of the small distributors doing relatively more fulfillment? Is that -- for these integrators is that part of the backdrop for the decline in the percentages from the traditional large ones?
Mark Anderson: I think it’s just more evenly spread over a larger number of distributors. As Andy said, the percentage of business that went through distributors hasn’t changed materially. It’s just that we have done a more surgical job in each theater to choose distributor that are going to suit our needs and suit our customer needs.
Matt Robison - Ferris, Baker Watts: Okay, I guess, yeah. You talked a little bit about Japan. How are you going to improve federal? What’s the backdrop for what’s going on there?
John McAdam: I mean federal -- and we are pretty clear on this is that as I said in my introduction, most of the federal projects we talked about, we are very confident we have won the deal. Frankly, our federal team with these types of projects are doing are tracking them through the system and it’s really a matter of that happening. So I think you are going to see it but it’s definitely going to be linked to projects being in contract and coming out of contract and it’s just -- the decision is at the moment. 
Matt Robison - Ferris, Baker Watts: If I remember right, the last call you had one that slipped. Did that just continue to slip or did you pick that one up and just lose some others?
John McAdam: We have more than one that slipped last quarter and some we picked up and some we didn’t.
Matt Robison - Ferris, Baker Watts: Okay. Was there anything particularly noteworthy in terms of the CapEx spend? Any particular area of emphasis?
Mark Anderson: Only in that we do have some new facilities coming on board. So a lot of increase over our run rate has been related to IT but beyond that, no.
Matt Robison - Ferris, Baker Watts: I can't get off the phone without asking the number of debt central users.
Mark Anderson: We would have been disappointed if you didn’t ask that. It’s -- we are at 25,761.
Matt Robison - Ferris, Baker Watts: Lets see, remember your last time was 21,833. So that’s quite a step-up. That seems like maybe the biggest sequential move you have had.
Mark Anderson: It is, yes, really -- sequentially just seeing lots of tremendous stuff. We are adding lots of capabilities to that central, more podcast, video casts as well and changed as well -- actually I had leveraged some I rules to make the content on that central, more accessible to search engines like Google. 
Andrew Reinland: Hey Matt, we are going to let you, but one clarification as I said, IP spend I mean TI’s related to facility, so 10 are improvements just to clarify that. 
Matt Robison - Ferris, Baker Watts: Okay, good. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Saud Masud of UBS.
Saud Masud - UBS: Great. Thank you for taking my question here guys, great quarter. Just some clarification around the average deal you were talking about before. You kind of hinted on $1 million deals, we are trying to see more of those but in a soft market how do you sort of reconcile that with -- there is a sense that locker deals are getting harder to get approved. There is an added layer of approvals if you will. Can you maybe provide some color around how you are able to succeed in actually stealing up some of these deals and actually converting on them?
John McAdam: I do, I think it’s very much a value proposition that your products going through the growth for the term investment that they bring the growth of internet, the fact that Internet is so much and critical to verticals including finance. I mean we are well aware that our percentage of finance vertical is of some concern to investors given the problems there but the reality is -- and we have said this now for three quarters. We think we are pretty robust in that area and resilient. You are never resilient completely but because these applications because these applications are mission critical they get compared to the advantage and they are growing at the same time. So, I think it’s where you sit and the layout of spending.
Saud Masud - UBS: Right, right and just another sort of side question on VIPRION actually. I think last time -- in the last earnings call you mentioned that most of your VIPRION e-valves are with the carriers. Now maybe just extrapolating this, but you saw some weakness in the Telco vertical -- how do you see that vertical spending potentially impact VIPRION adoption as we go through the first half here. 
John McAdam: Yeah and I actually say that. I use the word cool up probably when we talk to the some of the VIPRION order. It’s interesting; we’ve expected VIPRION to be good in Telco and good in dot com and good -- and possibly the large enterprises and that’s the way we think it’s going to track. The big dot com has been quicker in terms of opportunity and we expect Telco actually to be reasonable with VIPRION this current quarter. We are pretty co-incident of that, so I think VIPRION this quarter is probably going to exceed our expectations. 
Saud Masud - UBS: Okay great, all the questions I had thank you.
John McAdam: Thanks.
Operator:  Our next comes from Samuel Wilson of JMP Securities. 
Samuel Wilson - JMP Securities: Just two quick accounting questions; first can you give us the 123 R charges side by segment on the OpEx side. How much is R&D and how much is SG&A?
John McAdam: Yeah, it’s on the P&L I think for you Sam working up there if you look at the press release. 
Samuel Wilson - JMP Securities : I didn’t -- immediately I did not look that close, I will look again and the second thing is -- ah there it is, I got it and the second thing is allowance for doubtful accounts was up 50% quarter-on-quarter. Is anything going on there?
Mark Anderson: Could you ask that again Sam, I sorry. 
Samuel Wilson - JMP Securities : Allowance for doubtful accounts at $4.5 million was up 50% quarter-on-quarter. Is there anything going on there?
Mark Anderson: No, that doesn’t sound right to us. Actually our accounts receivable very clean and we had no collection issues and no reason to take that up, so that’s not ringing a bell with us.
Samuel Wilson - JMP Securities: You said accounts receivable net of allowance is $4.491 million versus $3.1 last quarter basically a $3.2 two quarters ago.
Mark Anderson: That was two quarters ago?
Samuel Wilson - JMP Securities : Yeah, two quarters ago. Last quarter I pulled it from our queue, it was $3.1million. 
Mark Anderson: Right, in September it was $3.1, so this did some natural increases due to size of the DR balance but the 18 is clean, it’s completely current, so there is a couple other reserves to go in others. There is a reserve for basically rebates and stuff like that, so it will fluctuate a little bit, but there is nothing major going on there.
Samuel Wilson - JMP Securities : Thanks John.
Mark Anderson: I think in our DSO the consistency that we are seeing there we see as very positive.
Samuel Wilson - JMP securities. : Got it okay. Thank you.
Mark Anderson: Thank you.
John McAdam: Thanks Samuel.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Sue of RBC Capital Markets. Please check your mute button or lift your handset we are unable to hear you. 
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: Can you talk about the overall closer rates and can you quantify perhaps the total deals that slipped from March to June and whether all of these are slipped, do you have something recovered.
Mark Anderson: Yeah Sue, on the closure rates as we looked at the pipeline we talked last quarter about having seen the percentage of closure rates on our factored pipe line coming down and we saw that trend continue in the quarter. So it’s still not huge percentages but meaningful and we definitely factor those in. As far as deal slippage, John mentioned that we saw deals elongate and we are watching closely there but we really don’t quantify or talk about specific deals. So I think we will leave his comments as it is.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: Okay and so sort of guidance for the next quarter. Are you assuming the closure rate you saw in the March quarter or are you assuming a normal seasonal closure rate for June. 
Mark Anderson: I think we are definitely factoring in what we are seeing in the most recent closure rates.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, got it. And lastly, the decline in Telco, I mean is that all related to evaluations of the VIPRION so that Telco there’s a lot of pent-up demand, is that how we should read it?
John McAdam: Yeah, it’s not all related to that. I do believe that we have got some good opportunities coming in this current quarter with VIPRION and Telco but it’s like a law of the enterprise. Well at the moment, spending is tight, so some of it’s attributed to that but yeah, we think VIPRION is definitely a candidate for some upside down.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you gentlemen and good luck.
John McAdam: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Long of Banc of America Securities.
Jeff Stallion - Banc of America Securities: Good afternoon. Hi, this is Jeff Stallion for Tim. Can you just provide a little bit more color regarding the business environment and particularly within North America and Europe and what you are factoring into the guidance? It sounds like your North American commercial business held up okay during the quarter. How do you expect that to materialize going forward and then have you picked up any sense that the strength or I guess some of the weakness in the US is starting to trickle overseas particularly in Europe and our clients taking note of that and maybe becoming more cautious?
John McAdam: Yeah, we haven’t seen -- I mean they sort of were expecting a similar type environment in this current quarter as we saw in the March quarter. Maybe it is slightly conservative on that in fact, but I guess back to execution. It really does. It comes down to making sure you are on that revenue daily, you are on the forecasting weekly, you’ve looked at -- what you have set in the sales cycle. It’s really is -- that’s the environment we are in and we think we are pretty good at handling that. So that’s why we get our guidance from. In terms of geography wise, EMEA has now had three fantastic quarters. We are hearing optimistic stuff from the EMEA team for this current quarter and I think that’s going to continue that way. The big difference in EMEA for us is that and I am sure Mark would repeat this is that we have really started to penetrate major accounts now. If you go back nine months ago, a year ago, US did stood out pretty significantly when you looked at the order size, many million dollars, many $0.5 billion dollar orders. We are starting to see similar order size is coming in EMEA and that’s where we are seeing a lot of the growth. If we can keep that execution going, and I think we can, we should have another solid quarter there.
Jeff Stallion - Banc of America Securities: All right. And then moving in a slightly different direction; product revenues continue to accelerate on a year-over-year basis. As we look into the June quarter, are you anticipating sequential growth in product revenues or should we expect most of the strength to come from services?
John McAdam: Well, we haven’t got into that detail, we wouldn’t but the one thing I would put your attention to and I said at the beginning of my introduction was that we saw sequential product growth in Acopia, the ARX costs and in the ADC core business last quarter and I think that’s pretty significant. Given the environment was such an economic tough environment, so we went from December end to March end for the increased sequentially that year-over-year you are right; if we maintain that trend then obviously the year-over-year comparisons are easier, but, I think that was a really key milestone for us in a tough economy, a tough quarter over a lot of fears, I clearly saw some tough times as well but we managed to grow our core business sequentially.
Jeff Stallion - Banc of America Securities: And have you talk to your customers about some of these new low end hardware platforms that are coming and any feeling that that could may be slow up business here in the near term as they wait for that new hardware.
John McAdam: No, I am going to say no and we watch like a hawk and we were suitably paranoid of it that the Osborn effect that is well know that you are describing. We don’t think that is going to be an issue at all where we have our products and customer base at that so, clearly by definition our customers are aware of the products and -- but we have never seen that in the past. It’s a good news, bad news thing. In other words when we introduced new products the customers are very conservative of it taken them up because it is mission critical that’s the bad news, the good news is, our lows is to actually integrate new products very smoothly and we think it’s going to be exactly the same with the entry level.
Jeff Stallion - Banc of America Securities: Alright thanks guys.
John McAdam: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kimberly Watkins of JP Morgan.
Kimberly Watkins - JP Morgan :   Thank you, thanks for taking my question. I had a question on Acopia. You might have said this; I have heard you say it in the past I think last call that you though you are a bit disappointed is you didn’t see revenue of about $30 million this year into that business; you just provided some update on that and then also wanted to dig into gross margins. I know in the past you have laid out an expectation or goal I guess to get to 80% at some point in the future. Where you see your self on that, on the path to an 80% level.
Mark Anderson: So, for Acopia and John mentioned to us earlier that what we would be disappointed not to exceed that $30 million target is what we have been saying, so we still feel that way, we see great opportunity there. As far as that gross margin goes on the 80% I think specifically with we are talking as a target for us related to our product sales and in Acopia in particular we are paying attention to because they came in quiet a bit lower than our other product line but we saw great improvement over the last quarter for the second quarter in a row driven by lower discounting and then some design and supply chain efforts that have started to pay off for us, so we feel very good about how we are managing our gross margin overall.
Kimberly Watkins - JP Morgan : Okay so where are you right now in that cycle I think that when you acquired them you are talking about a low 60’s number.
Mark Anderson: Yeah and I think last quarter we said that we’d gotten that up to the high 60’s and now I don’t know exactly where we are Kim, but I know it was improved from there.
Kimberly Watkins - JP Morgan : Okay and then just to update on that total adjustment market I remember at your analyst day in New York, Chris talking about $300 million market going to billion in a couple of years. Is that still kind of the opportunity that you are seeing for that product? Any reason to change up one way or another increase or decrease?
John McAdam: Yeah, I mean the numbers are mainly from our analysts, but the way we do it is very simple and I assume you talking about Acopia in specific.
Kimberly Watkins - JP Morgan : Right
John McAdam: Yeah, we see the market there as a Fortune 500 whether -- we have limited penetration rate right now and good penetration and finance vertical, but pretty limited overall and that’s a massive opportunity for us and then as you allude from a geography point of view where we are really just starting. I mean we are just had something in France, for example, Japan, opportunities there, Asia. We don’t see any restriction whatsoever in the addressable market.
Kimberly Watkins - JP Morgan : Okay, great. And then one last kind of housekeeping question. Can you give us the total government percentage this quarter?
Mark Anderson: Yeah, total government was 7%.
Kimberly Watkins - JP Morgan :   Okay, so roughly flat with last quarter.
Mark Anderson: Yeah.
Kimberly Watkins - JP Morgan : Thank you.
Mark Anderson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Muth of Robert Baird.
Ken Muth - Robert Baird : Thank you. Andy, do you still expect kind of operating margins to improve through the rest of this fiscal year?
Andrew Reinland : I think given our revenue guidance and our expense run rate, I think that’s probably going to delay out the quarter or two just as we execute. Think we still want to invest behind revenue definitely but given the position we are in especially in the current quarter with our run rate of additional employees in marketing, it’s going to be tough, we are going to try to manage it flat but our longer term goal is definitely to improve that as we see revenue improve.
Ken Muth - Robert Baird: Okay, and then just trying to put together a couple of pieces you talked about earlier. John on the call you talked about how the book to bill is slightly below one I think and the guidance is up sequentially. Is there something that is may be changed in April and what gives you a confidence that things can improve sequentially like that?
John McAdam: Yeah, I mean -- first of all, obviously, toward the end of April and we have given our guidance it would take a lot of that trend into accounting but it’s -- there is nothing different. As we look at our pipeline, what was the sales management team extremely closely; we look at a effective pipeline, we think we are taking a pretty conservative approach there. Clearly, we have got very good visibility into the service part of our business as well and then we look at areas VIPRION. We are looking areas like ARA and that’s what gives us some pretty good confidence moving into this quarter.
Ken Muth - Robert Baird: Okay and then just a quick follow-up. The guidance you gave, how does that favor in -- factor inside the US enterprise market, that it would be flattish, up sequentially, or how does that get factored in?
John McAdam: Yeah. We didn’t go through the geographies and we have done that in the past but just to give a very, very high level summary, we would expect North America enterprise, generally North America business to be up this quarter, EMEA to be flat to slightly up, Asia Pacific to be flat to slightly up and Japan to actually be down. That’s what we would expect in the current first quarter of the financial year.
Ken Muth - Robert Baird: Okay, thank you for your help.
John McAdam: Thank you.
Mark Anderson: Okay, Rosy we are going to take one more caller and then we will end the call.
Operator: Our last question comes from Rohit Chopra of Wedbush Morgan.
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan: Hi guys, thanks for taking the call. Just want to ask you a little bit about the competitive landscape. I heard that Cisco is being a little bit more aggressive especially on the support side, so I just want to get a sense of what you saw there and then also, with the Acopia product, we also heard from some channel people that Brocade and EMC are also getting a little bit more aggressive in the file virtualization area. I want to get a sense of your take on that.
Dan Matte : Sure Rohit. This is Dan and then I’ll go ahead after Chris for the Acopia piece. Basically, in terms of Cisco, we really haven’t seen it as a lot of data, haven’t seen any changes last quarter, calendar Q4 of the last market share numbers that got published, we actually gained market share on them and then what our sales force is reporting back to us is with the introduction of the 4710 they had some months ago now, still not impacting things in the market place. Chris?
Christopher Lynch: Yeah, so with respect to EMC I think it would be hard to them to get anymore aggressive than they already have been through my Acopia tenure and definitely through my first couple of quarters at F5, but unfortunately for them they don’t have a product that suits behind enterprise. So, while we see them and locate with the new view product in the low end and probably in the channel you are referring to, we don’t see them in the high end enterprise, we don’t see located all in my enterprise and when we do see EMC we are highly successful in the fact that in competing against them and given the enterprise class part that we have versus theirs.
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan: And then I just want to end it. 
John McAdam: We actually did a business of you -- Chris’s team last week and we went through all the sales wins and their win rate is incredibly high. I mean it’s approaching a 100% just to put things in perspective.
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan: Okay, and then I know you sort of you talked a little bit around this but talk a little bit about when early to the quarter but and if you can add some qualitative comments on how things progress throughout the quarter, did it start to get worse as you got towards March and at the beginning of April. How did it progress just gives an idea of…?
John McAdam: So, we source of like I would describe as an average January. We saw a very strong February, we saw a weak March in the middle and then it got strong at the end.
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan: Okay 
John McAdam: And the linearity was pretty typical for normal quarters.
Mark Anderson: Yeah ,I think that third month was just under 50%.
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan: Can I just ask you one other thing and other thing one our channel contacts indicated the number of deals has decreased out there but the size of the deals has gone up, so you mentioned that the size of the deals has gone up but is it true that there are fewer deals on the table and it’s becoming a little bit more difficult out there just not the economy but 
John McAdam: I am looking over at Mark Anderson and he is nodding no, we are not at all.
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan: Okay
John McAdam: The issue with deals in the pipeline is getting them closed. That is the not the size of the pipeline or the number of the deals. 
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan: Okay thank you 
John McAdam: Okay
Mark Anderson: Thanks very much for joining us and we look forward to talking to you all next quarter.
Operator: Thank you for joining today’s conference call, you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-01-23 16:30:00) =====
Executives: John Eldridge - Director of Investor Relations  John McAdam - President and CEO Andy Reinland - SVP and CFO Chris Lynch - SVP, Data Solutions Dan Matte - SVP, Marketing
Analysts: Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray Samuel Wilson - JMP Securities Ittai Kidron - CIBC Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets Matt Robison - Ferris Baker Watts Bill Choi - Jefferies Ken Muth - Robert Baird Sanjiv Wadhwani - Stifel Nicolaus Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan Saud Masud - UBS Paul Mansky - Citi
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the F5 first quarter fiscal results. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions). Today's conference call is being recorded, if you have any objections, please disconnect. I would like to turn the call over to your conference host, Mr. John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir, you may begin.
John Eldridge: Thank you, Katherine. Welcome to our conference call for the first quarter of fiscal 2008. The speakers on today's call are John McAdam, President and CEO; and Andy Reinland, Senior VP and Chief Financial Officer; John Rodriguez, Senior VP and Chief Accounting Officer; Chris Lynch, Senior VP of Data Solutions; Dan Matte, Senior VP of Marketing; Karl Triebes, Senior VP of Product Development and CTO are also with us to answer questions following our prepared comments. If you don't have a copy of today's release, it's available on our website, www.F5.com. In addition, you can access an archived version of today's live webcast from the events calendar page of our website through April 23. From 4:30 p.m. today until 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time, January 25, you can also listen to the telephone replay at 866-357-1405 or 203-369-0111. During today's call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect, and target. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our quarterly press release and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. Now, I will turn the call over to Andy Reinland.
Andy Reinland: Thank you, John. For the first quarter of fiscal 2008, we achieved revenue of $154.2 million within our guided range of $154 million to $156 million. These results reflect 6% sequential growth and 28% growth on a year-over-year basis. Book to bill for the quarter was greater than one. Although, revenue was at the low-end of our guided range, we delivered GAAP EPS of $0.21 per share at the upper end of our guidance of $0.20 to $0.21 per share. Excluding stock based compensation expense, non-GAAP EPS was $0.33 per diluted share. Product revenue of $110.2 million represented 71% of total revenue. Service revenue of $44 million was 29%. On a geographic basis, the Americas represented 57% of revenue, EMEA accounted for 21%, and Japan and APAC each represented 11%. Beginning this quarter, we are changing the way we discuss revenue on a product line basis to be more consistent with the way that we manage, analyze and forecast internally. As a result, we will no longer breakout application security and WAN optimization revenue separately, but we will begin including this revenue within our core application delivery networking. We believe this provides a more appropriate view of our overall business. With that in mind, Q1 revenue from our core ADN was $139.4 million or 90% of total revenue. In its first full quarter with F5, Acopia contributed $7.7 million of total revenue from the ARX product line, 5% of total revenue. Revenue from FirePass was $7.1 million, also 5% of total revenue. Looking at revenue by vertical, the finance sector comprised 23% of total revenue, up from 17% in the prior quarter. TELCO and service providers represented 23% of total revenue and the technology sector was 18%. U.S. Federal accounted for 3% of total revenue, below expectations. During Q1, we had two greater than 10% distributors, Davnet Technologies which accounted for 13.9% and Ingram Micro which accounted for 11.5%. Moving down the income statement, GAAP gross margin in Q1 was 77.1%, excluding approximately $1.1 million of stock-based compensation expense, non-GAAP gross margin was 77.8%. GAAP operating expenses of $95.9 million were within our target range of $94 million to $97 million. This includes $14.3 million in stock-based compensation expense. Our GAAP operation margin was 15%. Our non-GAAP operation margin, which excludes total stock-based compensation, was 25%. Our GAAP effective tax rate was 39.1%. Excluding stock-based compensation, our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 35.2%. On the balance sheet, cash flow from operations was $42 million and we ended the quarter with $517 million in cash and investments. Accounts receivable DSO ended the period at 58 days. Inventories at quarter end were $10.2 million. Deferred revenue increased 9.6% from the prior quarter to $110.2 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $4.9 million. And depreciation and amortization expense was $5.5 million. During Q1 we increased our headcount by approximately 45 people ending the quarter with 1,625 full-time employees. Moving on to the second quarter outlook: As discussed during our October conference call, we continue to believe that we can achieve quarterly sequential growth throughout fiscal 2008. We also noted that we have historically seen seasonal softness during the March quarter in North America. With these factors in mind combined with the current macro environment, we are targeting Q2 revenue in the range of $158 million to $160 million. We expect GAAP gross margin in the 76% to 77% range. This includes approximately $1 million of stock-based compensation expense. We expect operating expenses between $97 million and $100 million including approximately $14 million of stock-based compensation expense. We are forecasting our effective tax rate at 39%. Excluding stock-based compensation, we expect our non-GAAP effective tax rate to be 35%. Our GAAP EPS target is $0.21 to $0.22 per diluted share. Excluding stock-based compensation, our non-GAAP EPS target is $0.33 to $0.34 per diluted share. Our current plan is to add 30 to 50 employees for the quarter. We estimate DSO's will be in the mid-to-upper 50 days range. We expect inventory levels within the range of $12 million to $13 million. And we believe our cash flow from operations will be in excess of $30 million. This reflects lower cash flow from operations than in the prior quarter, a result of seasonality in our U.S. Federal tax payment schedule. Finally, as we announced in today's press release, our Board of Directors has authorized a $200 million stock repurchase program. This move by the Board underscores management's confidence in the fundamental strength of our business and then the company's ability to grow sequentially throughout fiscal 2008. With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
John McAdam: Thanks, Andy, and good afternoon everyone. With our Q1 results, the F5 team has now delivered sequential revenue growth every quarter for the last five years, with Q1 being up 20th in a row. From a geographic perspective, the star of the quarter was our EMEA team, which delivered strong performance across the region with some excellent large customer wins. In the U.S., Enterprise business in our core application delivery networking market was up modestly from the previous quarter and this was combined with strong growth with Acopia ARX products. U.S. Federal on the other hand was relatively smooth during the quarter and below our internal forecast. Similarly, we experienced slowness in Japan and APAC, both of which were down sequentially from the previous quarters. We expect to return to sequential growth in Federal, Japan and APAC this coming quarter and I will comment more on that when we discuss guidance. Once again, our professional services business delivered solid growth. With yet another significant increase in the Fed revenue which bodes well for continued growth in services, throughout fiscal 2008. We also saw a continued increase in customer satisfaction levels from our customer base as we maintain our investments in the service organization and product quality initiatives. I was delighted with the first two quarter business from our new ARX range of file virtualization products which were added to our portfolio with the Acopia acquisition. We acquired a terrific team at Acopia and I'm very pleased with how quickly we have progressed in this integration. Not only did we exceed our internal forecast, but the quality and number of large new business wins was very impressive. File virtualization is a nascent market opportunity with a very strong value proposition for reducing OpEx and capital spending at larger enterprises. We believe the ARX range of products, are best of breed and we intend to take advantage of this opportunity by accelerating our integration plans and ramping up sales of ARX who have [current] F5 channel. Our goal is to complete ARX sales and product training for the entire sales force by the end of the second month of this coming quarter. Given the ARX sales momentum, we experienced in Q1, combined with a growing pipeline for the ARX file virtualization products, we expect revenue to exceed our original estimate of $25 million to $30 million for fiscal 2008. We continue to be pleased with the ramp of our WebAccelerator and ASM software module sales which were responsible for leveraging significant big IP sales last quarter. Also, we are starting to see more activity and a bigger pipeline of WAN optimization opportunities, especially through our EMC partnership, though this opportunity is still in early days. From a product perspective the TMOS, is one of the more significant milestones in the company's history with the announcement of our new flagship VIPRION product. Known internally as [Montreal], VIPRION with its revolutionary chassis based multi-blade architecture delivers exciting new functionality and performance capabilities that set a new bar for the industry and significantly increases F5's technology leadership in the application delivery networking market. VIPRION is the world's first on-demand application delivery controller solutions. Customers can now turn up performance without any network changes. VIPRION provides multi-level redundancy for high availability mission critical applications. To date, the modular portion of the layer 4 to layer 7 market, has been dominated by Cisco. We believe VIPRION will gain share in that market over the next few quarters and F5 will become a key player in the modular space. We also believe VIPRION provides an unmatched offering for the web monster, service provider and large enterprise markets for they have experienced 90% to 100% increases in Ethernet traffic over the last couple of years. With its significant performance advantages and pricing structure, VIPRION is extremely price competitive. For example, for asset sale solutions the equivalent CISCO 16GA solution is three times more expensive, requires four times more management, consumes 65% more watts and uses 70% more rack space. Given the sophistication of the solution, we expect VIPRION sales to be modest in the coming quarter and start ramping in the second half of fiscal 2008. In his guidance, Andy has indicated that we believe our sequential growth will continue this quarter and throughout fiscal 2008. We also indicated in our October call that from a seasonality perspective to expect some seasonal weakness in North America enterprise, which we expect to be roughly flat to slightly down over last quarter. EMEA had a very strong Q1, so we are not expecting sequential growth from EMEA in Q2. We do however expect to see healthy sequential growth in Japan this quarter from fiscal year end business. We also expect to see growth in APAC under U.S. Federal business. As I mentioned earlier, our services business should also deliver solid growth in Q2 as well. Clearly there are uncertainties and concerns about the state of the global economy and impact of this could have on IT and overall capital spending in 2008. We do not treat these concerns lightly, but we do believe that the compelling value proposition of our core application delivery controller and our file virtualization product plays F5 in a position, where we can deliver continued growth throughout the year. I would like to thank the entire F5 team and our partners for their efforts in Q1 and with that we will hand the call over for Q&A.
Operator:
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question is coming from Troy Jensen, Piper Jaffray.
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: Hey, good afternoon gentlemen.
Andy Reinland: Hi, Jensen.
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: Hey, so a couple of questions here, sort of financial stuff for Andy, could frame up maybe how much of the Acopia revenues fall into financial services. I guess I was surprised to see financial go from 17% to 23% in the quarter here?
Andy Reinland: Yes, historically we haven't broken out our verticals by product line, but I will let you that Acopia is strongly in the financial sector.
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Okay, fair, and then Andy, its kind the same thing, I know you are not going to give specific guidance, but: what's your sense for financial services this year? Obviously, your core business: do you think that that's in a situation where financial vertical will be up for you guys, this year, axing out Acopia?
John McAdam: Hi Troy, it's John here. Obviously we've been watching really, really closely, in fact frankly, all of the enterprise businesses we [cannot put] guidance for this coming quarter. First of all; we have got pretty compelling value propositions for finance both with the Acopia ARX products and with BIG-IP. And as you know, we didn't see any significant downturn last quarter but clearly we were watching it. We believe, we have taken a pretty conservative view overall in terms of U.S. enterprise including finance and the guidance. And we've done that by looking at bottom-ups forecast. We've done by looking at the pipeline and where the projects are in terms of buying cycles, so, I think, we got it under control but clearly, we are taking a reasonably conservative view.
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: Okay and then the last one for you, John, Montreal released today, should we expect: is it just going to be like data site conversion here in the March quarter for revenues?
John McAdam: Yeah, I have seen in the script, there, we do think that we are modest, yes, absolutely. We know how the [Evals's] are ongoing, so Evals's are happening as we speak. We do expect to see revenue but we think it be modest. Its a pretty sophisticated solution its a non-trivial deal for the customer to make this decision but the value proposition during the -- during the second half of the fiscal year, is something when you see that in the fidelity of the product.
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: Okay, is it safe to say sales cycles six to nine months, given the complexities of the system?
John McAdam: No, I think what will happen is that: “you'll see”, that's why we're moving to Evals phase at the beginning and that's because it's a totally revolutionary architecture with high availability, the performance stats that we're giving with it. So that will be an Evals. Once that gets proven, that word gets around pretty quickly and I think you see the sales cycles, out of guess and this is very subjective. But by the end of this fiscal year the sales cycles will probably be similar to the high end of the current BIG-IP.
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: Okay. All right, well keep up the good work guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Samuel Wilson, JMP Securities.
Samuel Wilson - JMP Securities: Good afternoon gentlemen, two questions. I guess mainly for John, but anybody can fire in. I just want to get a sense on the wireless TELCO side: what you thought the general tone of business was there? And: if you are seeing any sort of change in the environment? And then secondly, just sort of John, you mentioned as of you're aware of the economic situation and the cautiousness and blah, blah, blah, by the stock marketing out. How are you feeling in general about sort of [gnawing] that grow headcount? Why don't you expand the business over the next four quarters? So what's your thought process going into '08?
John McAdam: Let me answer that one first of all Sam and then Dan actually can talk more about that, the wireless and the TELCO. The answer is: “absolutely more cautious”. I mean: if you look at the head count that we are at and of course I will just finish this, clearly the low previous levels and that's because we keep an eye on the pipeline, we keep an eye on the linearity. And we keep an eye on the operating margin and they are still very, very important metrics for us. And if you look at the guidance we have given for this quarter, again it's -- at least probably conservative. But what we're not doing, this is cutting by, we are still growing and we still see the growth. So, definitely cautious optimism I think would be a good phrase. 
Samuel Wilson - JMP Securities: Got it.
Dan Matte: And Sam as far as the wireless piece goes, this is Dan. We actually we saw in the mobile portion of our service provider business actually some good strengths within that. So we're seeing ourselves being deployed in front of more and more revenue, generating applications and that's in contrast too, some of the more the traditional providers where we saw that the lock down occurring over the holiday period and their spending slow down to what we compared or seen previously. Also in the mobile space too, we are seeing interest in the VIPRION product too, as we have good aspirations there.
John McAdam: Yes, some of the Evals's are going on right now and that's specifically mobile related.
Samuel Wilson - JMP Securities: Perfect, thank you very much gentlemen.
Andy Reinland: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ittai Kidron, CIBC.
Ittai Kidron - CIBC: Hi guys, congratulations on a good quarter, in a very nervous environment. Andy can you us a little bit color on the buyback? Is that going to be automated? Or: are you going to have full control on how you execute it? And: what's your thought process behind that?
Andy Reinland: Well, the Board has authorized [SP's] in open market plan and we're currently developing that plan with our advisors. So, it will be under a plan that we set forth based on stock price and volume.
Ittai Kidron - CIBC: Fair enough.
John McAdam: We are going to make it as fast as soon as we can.
Ittai Kidron - CIBC: Okay. And that's good to hear. With regards to your guidance for the March quarter, is it fair to say, I mean it seems like your services revenue is really growing nicely outpacing products for last four, five quarters now, quite consistently, assuming that process: should we actually think about product revenue declining quarter-over-quarter going into March?
Andy Reinland: No, I don't think so at all. I think if you look at all of our products in total, we expect to see growth there.
Ittai Kidron - CIBC: Okay. And lastly, with regards to Acopia, very nice job on the top-line: also fair to assume that the return in your accretion, or back to breakeven in that business, are also ahead of schedule?
Andy Reinland: Yes, I think that's fair to say. I mean as long as are we moving forward, as John said, we expect to, that we'd be disappointed if we didn't exceed the $30 million. We're investing in Acopia by continuing to manage it closely and realize that we're managing an entire business and we'll do so as we go far but that would accelerate to breakeven there.
Ittai Kidron - CIBC: And lastly, may be you can comment on the increase in the accounts receivable: how do you think about that, going forward?
Andy Reinland: Yeah, I mean, the DSO at 58 days. Actually our accounts receivable are very clean, very current the make up there hasn't changed at all. The increase in our deferred revenue affected that to some extent and some of our international business but we're not concerned with that. We think it'll probably stay in this mid-to-high 50s day range going forward and we're very comfortable with that.
Ittai Kidron - CIBC: Very good, good luck guys.
John McAdam: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Sue with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you, John, any anecdotal comments from your North American customers are there if any plans for this year, perhaps the willingness this time to purchase orders: how back end loaded spending might be overall?
John McAdam: Not really, we actually did, we completed the U.S. quarterly business review. We did that last week and that was a fairly significant process for those in terms of getting a view of the business so we have all the sales management going through that, the forecasted data as well as, you know what happened last quarter. We did see some deals pushing last quarter, no question about that and we did see that, most of the feedback we gotten out, was that we do expect to see that in this quarter, but no, we didn't see a significant difference, I mean, we did see some deals pushing and just by definition and that means, there was some lengthening of our sales cycles and I think, we've taken a pretty conservative, given the data.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: Got it, and John, how are you feeling about the overall sales force productivity with all the new sources that you hired over the last six to nine months?
John McAdam: You know, obviously it won't yet increase, I mean, as a new brain that answers everyone is out to see an increase. The reality is, I think that has been cushioned some what by the environment we're in but I think over time you are going to see it increasing.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And have -- are you seeing some delta as of yet or its more work in progress?
John McAdam: It's work in progress.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And lastly, the deferred revenues, usually you have a higher rate of growth there: any thoughts?
Andy Reinland: No even at 9.6% we felt that was very strong and in line with what we were expecting for the quarter.
John McAdam: No we haven't, we certainly haven't seen any deference in the attachment of maintenance contracts and yields, all those math metrics was really good.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: Got it. Thank you gentlemen and good luck.
Andy Reinland: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Matt Robison, Ferris Baker Watts. 
Matt Robison - Ferris Baker Watts: Hi, good afternoon. Most of my questions have been answered but I would like to get the numbers for DevCentral and maybe I'll ask you to comment a little bit on: how the gross margins were actually compared to the rest of the corporation? And maybe, if it's possible to do a quick version of the valued proposition [for there Accenture] selling it into a tough vertical with this financials and you did mention in your release that you did employ that the value you bring to the market maybe gives an economic alternative to your customers in tougher times?
John McAdam: Yeah, I shall work onto that. First, Chris, do you want to tell us about that one?
Chris Lynch:  The value proposition?
Matt Robison - Ferris Baker Watts: Yeah go ahead, in the DevCentral and gross margin.
John McAdam: By the way Chris is in Boston, so I guess we may have a connection problem.
Chris Lynch: Can you hear me?
John McAdam: Yeah.
Chris Lynch: Well, okay. So the Acopia ARX platform saves customers typically 50% on their capital and operational expenses related to the storage of unstructured data. So it's a compelling CapEx-OpEx story. And we find that in type with tightening budgets there is more demand in interest for the deployment of virtualization at the file layer because of that.
Matt Robison - Ferris Baker Watts: That's a pretty quick elevated pitch, I think it only took me to the fourth floor.
Andy Reinland: Okay, [down you go].
Matt Robison - Ferris Baker Watts: What about the gross margins and the DevCentral.
Dan Matte: On the DevCentral front Matt, we're at 21,833, so we are still seeing a good growth in the registered users there.
Andy Reinland: And for the gross margins, we made great progress over the quarter just bringing in Acopia as a part of F5 and immediately, being able to impact thus. With that being said, we still see some room for improvement to get it up to our kind of standard 80% level for our overall products.
Matt Robison - Ferris Baker Watts: And the DSO, I guess it was really not up a lot sequentially a little bit. Did you see some back loading or is it pretty linearity in the quarter?
Andy Reinland: Our linearity was pretty consistent with the last year with 50% in the third month and it went up about a day, I mean not much that concerned us there.
Matt Robison - Ferris Baker Watts: Okay. So, and then that gross margin that you mentioned getting it 80%, I mean: is that a reasonable goal or is it more of a traditional, kind of a switch rather kind of a margin?
Andy Reinland: Given the value and comparing it to our overall business, we think it's reasonable, we're not going to get there overnight. We're going to integrate them into our gross margin taskforce and go after each element of improving the gross margin as we can, but we do see the opportunity to get to that.
Chris Lynch: I mean our optimism to get out there is pretty high.
Andy Reinland: Yes.
Matt Robison - Ferris Baker Watts: Good, okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Choi of Jefferies.
Bill Choi - Jefferies: Okay, thanks. Several questions, first on the U.S. Federal business: could you talk about what's happened there? Where any deals put there that you have some high consensus that it will close this quarter to give you that up? And then I have a couple of more.
Dan Matte: Yes, I know we did see a number of deals slipping actually. All related to budget, the issue is not competitive, really budget issues were effectively, we won the business and you are trying to push it through the system, so we did see that. In term of our optimism, that's related to two things. One is, do we believe these deals can happen in this current quarter with majority of them, not all of them but assuming that majority of them but we do think that, but also the pipeline getting bigger as well. And quite frankly, the comparison gets a lot simpler. 3% of our overall revenues are pretty low [water marks] of our Federal business so we definitely expect, time to get by for more normal levels.
Bill Choi - Jefferies: All right: can you also discuss the same thing on Japan?
Dan Matte: Very similar, I mean, the difference with Japan is that this is a fiscal year end and typically, we see a strong business in the fiscal year end and that's why we feel good about the forecast. We also had a specific issue in Japan last quarter, with one, some re-organization was going on and one of our big partners has done. So we expect that issue to be over. But really, it's the fiscal year end it gives us the optimism, along of course for the pipeline and forecast.
Bill Choi - Jefferies: All right and then, just trying to get a sense for your guidance here, obviously you did mention several deals slipping. Would you say that embeds like half of the deals getting done in the quarter? Or: is that a higher percentage just some thoughts on the guidance there?
John McAdam: I think our process on our guidance was similar to how we always approach it looking at the pipeline, going through our QVRs, with our sales people and developing a range that we feel comfortable, we can achieve.
Bill Choi - Jefferies: Okay and then a question on VIPRION. It's a pretty sizeable box that you guys mentioned. How are you looking to roll that out? Is that all going to be direct sales, or are you looking to leverage some of your [wires] and other channels and how soon would that occur?
Dan Matte: This is Dan. Absolutely, we are going to be leveraging our existing channel partners for VIPRION. The initial evals that we've been doing, obviously a lot of hand holding that we're doing directly but our goal is to have our channel be able to handle it just like the other products.
Bill Choi - Jefferies: And is that largely, OEMs, like mobile OEMs or are you also going to your regular enterprise wires and when would that happen?
Dan Matte: Through our regular enterprise wires and that's in the process of happening right now.
Bill Choi - Jefferies: Okay, great. Thanks.
Andy Reinland: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Muth, Robert Baird.
Ken Muth - Robert Baird: Hi, first of all: could you just give us the worldwide government number? Just for comparison to what you did there versus just the U.S.?
Andy Reinland: Yeah, our government was 7%.
Ken Muth - Robert Baird: Okay. And then just noticing kind of Cisco came out with some stuff, yesterday the day before, and Layer 4-7, I mean: how do you look at the competitive positioning now? They still kind of look like that's a more of a low to mid-end product. You guys are kind of moving up more of the high-end. Do you expect to run into them less? Or: how would you kind of judge the comparisons right now?
Dan Matte: Yeah, Ken this is Dan. Yes, they did introduce something called the 4710 yesterday. That's I think their sixth product in this space that they have come out us with and I believe that also makes it the fourth architecture that's currently offered for sale. Anyway, when we look at that and going through what they are building out, what the product is capable of, we feel really good about our products out when we compare it to things like our 3400 out there, with things like the WebAccelerator and pieces like that that we can offer against it. We think we're in really, really good position. Obviously at the high-end it doesn't touch anything that we have got. So it does make for some good interesting news out there, it's been available to some customers for some number of months now.  But we really haven't been encountering it all that much in the marketplace. So, we are equipping our sales force to be able to deal with this, just like many other Cisco announcements that we've seen. And then also on the competitive front too, we heard in the news yesterday that Juniper is [pointing] the DX platform which is the red line acquisition out. So, we are going out to our channel partners with an aggressive trade in program for people that may stranded by that as well.
Ken Muth - Robert Baird: Okay. And then just a follow-up on the WAN op, and we would, John you talked about the Montreal kind of ramping the second half of this year. What would be kind of your expectations or hopes for the WAN product line ramping?
John McAdams: Pretty similar, I think that the main focus we have got there is really twofold. One is the EMC relationship that I mentioned, the pipeline is growing there and I think that's a good opportunity for us. And then the second area is that, we have integrated the WAN optimization, WANJet products under the data solutions group which is also running under Chris, Chris Lynch that includes Acopia products as well because we see some synergy there. Yes, I think it's a very similar second half.
Ken Muth - Robert Baird: Great, thank you.
John McAdams: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Sanjiv Wadhwani from Stifel Nicolaus.
Sanjiv Wadhwani - Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you, congratulations on a good quarter. Couple of questions, Andy might have answered this on or off the call, but as far as March quarter is concerned for the core business axing out Acopia: are you expecting that business to grow? And: what sort of growth rate should we look out for Acopia for the March quarter?
John McAdam: Right, lets remember we don't break, we normally breakout in the guidance here product line. We do expect both to grow.
Sanjiv Wadhwani - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay.
John McAdam: Yes, we do. I did say that North America we're expecting to be flat to maybe slightly down, but we see growth in other areas and EMEA given that it had such a solid quarter, we don't expect to see much sequential growth there either.
Sanjiv Wadhwani - Stifel Nicolaus: Got it. But: both businesses should grow basically sequentially?
John McAdam: But we don't give out guidance. Yes.
Sanjiv Wadhwani - Stifel Nicolaus: And then, in the push outs that you mentioned: is that happening sort of primarily financial services? Is it particular industry? Is that across the board, any sort of color that would be helpful?
John McAdam: Not really, it's pretty much -- it was pretty much across the board, and let me just put this in perspective, all right, it wasn't like 50% of our business was pushed out or anything like that. But we did see more than normal and when we tend to see that, is one of the, a key metric for us is we look out at the fact of the pipeline. In other words the fact that pipeline is what we think that it has a high probability of all happening and the percentage that we look out in a quarterly basis. We did that dropping a little bit last quarter and that's why we have taken that conservative view for this current quarter.
Sanjiv Wadhwani - Stifel Nicolaus: Got it.
Andy Reinland: It was pretty much across enterprise.
Sanjiv Wadhwani - Stifel Nicolaus: Got it and one last question, as you know, Cisco obviously continuing to not deliver a good enough product and given sort of macro conditions: are you seeing them play any unusual pricing games or not really?
John McAdam: Not any different from the last five years.
Sanjiv Wadhwani - Stifel Nicolaus: Nothing different, okay. Perfect. Thanks so much.
John McAdam: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rohit Chopra with Wedbush Morgan
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan: A few questions for you, first one is: can you kind of go through the geographies and talk about the sales cycle? I just want to see if there: is there a change in the sales cycle as you go around the different geographies that you've noticed over the last quarter?
John McAdam: Not noticeably by geography. We haven't seen any shifting -- significantly shifting patterns.
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan: Okay. And then deal size in the quarter: does it start to move up? Is it sort of staying stable? Or: is that trending?
John McAdam: It's actually been moving up. I don't have the exact number but we've been seeing it go up and definitely with the inclusion of Acopia in their deals and deal sizes, we're going to see that go up.
Dan Matte: And then obviously with VIPRION as well, yes I think you're going to see the deal size continue to go up.
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan: Yeah?
Dan Matte: Over the foreseeable future actually.
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan: [Dan] can I just talk about your partners, Microsoft, Oracle, SAP or may be some other big people that you are working with? I just want to get a sense of: what they are doing? Are they slowing down? Are they helping? What's going on with some of the big partners?
Dan Matte: Yeah, Rohit this is Dan. I think in terms of what's going on with the other partners, we're a [micro-cause] obviously, they are a larger business but we continue to see just an enthusiastic cooperation with us. Taking Microsoft as an example, we released a white paper that we talked about in the last call talking about how we can accelerate share point or the performance of SharePoint deployment. It got picked up in turn by Hewlett Packard, who is one of the largest deployers of SharePoint in the world and, now we're finding ourselves invited to SharePoint user groups all over the place, North America. So we're seeing -- and then I can give you similar stories in Oracle and SAP and, so we continue to see great enthusiasm there for what we're doing with them to help their applications.
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan: So really: no change in the quarter. You are not seeing any different trend as you begin January or anything like that?
Dan Matte: No, that's correct.
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan: Okay. And then, I just wanted to try to understand something with VIPRION. As you move up market, do you -- are direct sales still involved at the lower end or do you shift people to the higher end? Does somebody else take over the lower end? Do you push that out to the -- to distributors and resellers? What happens?
John McAdam: I think with VIPRION there is no question there will be more direct touch, in other words, our sales force will be involved more typically than there would be but we still expect it to be very, very much a partnered product moving rather through the channel. And we will assist the partners especially in the first six to nine months as we are rolling out the product. But just like the ATA-100 that's very partner friendly switch that VIPRION is going to be as well.
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan: Right. And what I was trying to do is get the answer: if you are vulnerable there, to any competitive forces at the lower end trying to grab the chair from you, as you start to move upwards?
Dan Matte: That's an interesting question: we're putting a lot of focus into that area right now. We think we could be doing better in the lower end and we think there is more opportunity there and by doing things opposite now, we're not going to be talking a lot. In fact we discussed this before, but not really talking a lot of detail yet because it is still premature. But we believe that from our product perspective and [F5's] perspective, that during this fiscal year, we think we can actually gain some more share in that space and we're focused on doing that. But that's our way for watch the space type of answer.
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan: Okay. And then I just had one last question, you mentioned last quarter that was, I guess it was two quarters ago, there were some TELCO deals that flipped into last quarter, you were expecting it close. Did that one close that is a big one I think?
John McAdam: Explicitly it did.
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan: Okay. That's it, thank you.
Dan Matte: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Saud Masud, UBS.
Saud Masud - UBS: Yes, thank you. Good afternoon guys. Just wanted to get a little bit more color on your hiring strategy. You seem to have hired 45 in the quarter, I think it was expected to be around 60 to 80. So: how should we view your hiring plan going forward? Are you going to be focusing more sales force productivity improvements in a potentially more challenging end market? And: do you expect 2008 to be a slower hiring year for you guys compared to last year?
Dan Matte: Yes, when we said that for the coming quarter we were planning on adding 30 to 50. So, if you look at the first half and definitely we're hiring at a lower rate than we did last year. But that being said, given the environment, John mentioned this, we're approaching this cautiously, but still with optimism about our top line growth and specific investments we're going to make in the business, so…..
John McAdam: The other thing on headcount is what I think is that a lot of our priorities right now is focused on the ARX, the Acopia, the data solution space, and because we can see faster leverage there, that's what happened last quarter, and its going to be the same this coming quarter as well and then we'll take a view in the second half.
Saud Masud - UBS: Okay, so if I would just ask you sort of more of a macro question on sales versus productivity: do you believe the improvements do not impact different products differently? Or: is it essentially just a rising tide, lifts all both? Even though you focused on ARX: do you believe that, when overall productivity levels have improved, you'll end up selling, more of WAN optimization or security along with ARX?
John McAdam: Right, I mean, there's no question in my mind, this is the very opinion that I've held for a long time, is that, obviously, the more competitive your product is, the more you're going to see increase in the sales productivity. If you look at two particular products moving into this quarter, moving into the second half, clearly one is that the ARX line and the other is Acopia -- sorry, is VIPRION. So, there's two years work. Our competitiveness we believe is very, very strong, with absolute best of these, so we'll focus a lot on that and then I also mentioned that we believe in the bottom end. We can do stuff there with some product refresh overtime. So, they are main areas, but definitely product competitiveness and technology leadership is absolutely linked to sales productivity.
Saud Masud - UBS: And just one last question, this is a side question on cash flow from operations. I believe the guidance was greater than $45 million for the quarter and you came in at $42 million, if it didn't come around: what happened there? And also just on inventory, I think, it came a little bit leaner, around $10 million versus the $13 million to $14 million. Just some color on both of these would be great.
Dan Matte: On the cash flow from ops specifically, our contract manufacturer was acquired recently and with the new relationship in place, we just have different payment timing agreements and it's because of that we ended up below the range. I mean that's a one-time thing that should work out going forward. And then: the other question?
Saud Masud - UBS: The inventories….
Dan Matte: Well, the inventory being down, so if you look at what we carry on our books and inventory for a lot of raw materials, some specific components and that was really just a timing element of orders coming in.
Saud Masud - UBS: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott McKieb, Lehman Brothers.
John McAdam: Hello?
Operator: Mr. McKieb your line is open you may want to un-mute your phone.
John McAdam: Hello? Katherine can you hear me?
Operator: Yes, I can.
John McAdam: Hey Katherine, we're going to hold to take one more question and then we're going to end the call, okay?
Operator: Okay. Would you like to into the next question?
John McAdam: Let's take one more, thank you.
Operator: Paul Mansky from Citi has the next question.
Paul Mansky - Citi: In under the wire, thanks a lot. A lot of the questions have been answered but I did want to touch base on something different: whether or not you wish to kind of take us out with providing us the number of data customers and maybe a mix between carrier and enterprise?
John McAdam: I think we were asked before, the number of data customers was reasonably small and that's because this is a very sophisticated product and frankly its tough to actually get customers to really, really appreciate given the -- what would have come through. The number of Evals which isn't data, which is potential revenue, is increasing and as I say, we would expect that to increase during the quarter as well. So we think we're going to see modest in terms of revenue this current quarter and then a ramp up for the second half.
Paul Mansky - Citi: And the mix?
John McAdam: In terms of: what was the question?
Paul Mansky - Citi: Enterprise versus carrier?
John McAdam: Initially, it's an interesting question. Probably more towards web monster and carrier, but that can change with a big deal. So, being [below over the lot], but definitely the first interest is definitely web monster and TELCO.
Paul Mansky - Citi: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
John McAdam: Okay.
John Eldridge: All right, thank you very much for joining us and please give us a call, if you have any questions. Thank you and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Andy Reinland: Thank you.
Operator: This will conclude today's conference, all parties may disconnect at this time.

===== 2007 Q4  (2007-10-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: John Eldridge - Director of IR  Andy Reinland - Sr. VP and CFO  John McAdam - President and CEO Edward Julian Eames - Sr. VP of Business Operations and Global Services M. Thomas Hull - Sr. VP of Worldwide Sales John Rodriguez - Sr. VP and Chief Accounting Officer Christopher P. Lynch - Sr. VP of Data Solutions Dan Matte - Sr. VP of Marketing Karl Triebes - CTO and Sr. VP of Product Development
Analysts: Samuel Wilson - JMP Securities Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets Jason Ader - Thomas Weisel Partners  Jonathan Curtis - Nollenberger Capital Partners  Tim Long - Banc of America  Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Capital Group  Saud Masud - UBS Manuel Recarey - Kaufman Brothers Cameron Cooke - Janco Partners Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan Kenneth Muth - Robert Baird Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray  Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan Matt Robison - Ferris, Baker Watts  Paul Mansky - Citigroup
Operator: Good afternoon. Welcome to F5 Fourth Quarter Financial Results. All parties would be on a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir, you may begin.
John Eldridge - Director of Investor Relations: Thank you. Welcome to our conference call for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007. Speakers on today's call are John McAdam, President and CEO; Andy Reinland, Senior VP and Chief Financial Officer; John Rodriguez, Senior VP and Chief Accounting Officer; Julian Eames, Senior VP of Operations and Global Services; Tom Hull, Senior VP of Worldwide Sales; Chris Lynch, Senior VP of Data Solutions; Dan Matte, Senior VP of Marketing; Karl Triebes, Senior VP of Product Development and CTO, are also with us to answer questions following our prepared comments. If you don't have a copy of today's press release, it's available on our website, www.f5.com. In addition, you can access an archived version of today's live webcast from the Events page of our website, through January 23rd. From 4:30 today until 7:00 PM Pacific Time on October 25th, you can also listen to a telephone replay at 8666-501-8771 or 203-369-1851. During today's call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements which include words, such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our quarterly release, and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. Before we begin I'd like to remind you that we will be holding out Analyst Investor Meeting, on November 2nd, a week from this Friday, at the Intercontinental The Barclay in New York, from 8:00 AM until noon. If you'd like to attend this event, if you haven't already registered, please contact Caroline Burkhardt at 206-272-6590 or send an email to analystmeeting@f5.com. Now, I will turn the call over to Andy Reinland.
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, John. Q4 was a promising finish to another solid year. Results for the quarter marked our 19th quarter of sequential revenue growth and pushed us to the $0.5 billion mark in annual revenue. We completed the acquisition of Acopia, a move that we believe has very positive implications for our growth in fiscal 2008 and beyond. Including Acopia, we added a total of 225 employees during the quarter, raising our total headcount by nearly 50% for the year. In addition, we generated the record $47.7 million in cash flow from operations this quarter, leaving us with a balance of $475 million in cash and investments at quarter end. During the next few minutes, I will review our results for the fourth quarter, provide guidance for the current quarter and discuss the year ahead. As always, our results and guidance discussed in my remarks are GAAP numbers unless otherwise indicated. Revenue for our fiscal fourth quarter was $145.6 million, up $33.9 million or 30% over the same quarter last year and $13.2 million or 10% from Q3. Our book-to-bill was greater than one. Revenue from applications delivery and networking, security and WAN optimization was $144 million at the top end of the $142 million to $144 million guidance we provided on our July 25th conference call. In addition, we achieved $1.6 million in revenue from Acopia during the quarter. Revenue from our core Big-IP business was $132.5 million or 91% of total revenue. Security revenue was $ 9.6 million, including $2.6 million from Application Security Manager and $6.9 million from FirePass. WAN optimization and acceleration revenue was $2 million. From a geographic perspective, the Americas represented 58% of revenue, EMEA accounted for 18%, Japan 13% and APAC 11%. By vertical, telco and technology each represented 21% of revenue during the quarter. The financial sector accounted for 17%. US federal government generated 7% of revenue and total government was 12%. During Q4 we have two greater than 10% distributors, Ingram Micro, which accounted for 10.4% and Avnet Technologies, which accounted for 13.3%. Product revenue of $107 million represented 73% of total revenue, service revenue of 38.6 million was 27%. Continuing down the income statement, gross margin in Q4 was 77.1%. This includes $750,000 of stock based compensation. Operating expense was $93.3 million including $9.5 million of stock rate compensation expense and a one time $14 million charge for in-process R&D related to Acopia acquisition which we disclosed in our September 15th press release. Operating margin was 13% and non-GAAP operating margin was 29.7%. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 51%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate excluding stock based compensation and the charge for Acopia's in-process R&D was 32%. GAAP net income for the quarter was $12.9 million or $0.15 per share. This result includes the write-off of Acopia's in-process R&D which reduced EPS by $0.16 a share. Turning to the balance sheet. $47.7 million in cash flow from operations exceeded our target and contributed to cash and investments totaling $475 million at quarter-end. For all of fiscal 2007, cash flow from operations totaled $170 million. Accounts receivable DSO was 57 days. The increase from last quarter's 53 days was due primarily to the strong growth in deferred revenue and the integration of Acopia. Inventory of $10.7 million was up slightly from $9.3 million in the prior quarter. Deferred revenue increased $17.3 million or 21% from Q3 to $100.5 million. Capital expenditures for the fourth quarter were $4.8 million, and depreciation and amortization expense was $3.9 million. We ended the year with 1,580 full time employees including approximately 130, who joined us from Acopia. Moving on to the outlook. For the first quarter of fiscal 2008 ending December 31st, we expect revenue in the range of $154 million to $156 million. Reflecting lower gross margins for Acopia, we expect overall gross margins in the range of 76% to 77%, including approximately of $1 million of stock based compensation expense and $750,000 of amortization of Acopia’s acquired technology. Our operating expense targets are $94 million to $97 million including approximately in $14 million stock based compensation expense. Our effective tax rate for the quarter is expected to be 38%. Excluding stock based compensation, our non-GAAP effective tax rate is expected to be 34%. Our Q1 earnings target is $0.20 to $0.21 per share. We expect to maintain DSOs in the mid 50 day range. Reflecting continued core business growth and the addition of Acopia, we expect inventories in the range of $13 million to $14 million. Our current hiring plans calls for the addition 60 to 80 employees during Q1, and we believe we will generate cash flow from operations in excess of $45 million. Now I would like to talk about our upcoming fiscal year. Although we don’t provide specific annual guidance, I would like to share some general guidelines related to our expectations for fiscal 2008. We expect to achieve sequential growth in revenue for the balance of 2008. We do anticipate slower growth in Q2 due to seasonal weakness in North America. Although we are increasingly optimistic about prospects for our Acopia business, our current annual target for this segment remains $25 million to $30 million. After an initial dip of up to 1%, we expect to see gross margins return to historical levels by year-end. Amortization of Acopia's acquired technology will be 750,000 per quarter. While we anticipate that Acopia related operating expenses will initially reduce our non GAAP operating margins from current levels to the mid 20s, we expect this number to trend up through the year. DSOs should remain stable in the mid 50 day range. We expect stock based compensation expense to approximate trend levels until our next annual grant in August. Capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $8 million to $10 million per quarter. Based on current market rates, we expect to earn between 4.5% and 5% on our cash and investments. We expect our tax rate to be 38% on a GAAP basis and 34% on a non-GAAP basis. With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Andy, and good afternoon, everyone, I will take some time to cover some of the many highlights of fiscal year 2007, talk in some detail about the Q4 results and then comment on our outlook and key initiatives going into fiscal 2008. The F5 team should be proud of our progress and achievement in fiscal 2007. With our Q4 performance, we have now delivered sequential revenue growth every quarter for almost five years. 33% annual revenue growth in fiscal 2007 has resulted in F5 being a clear leader in application delivery networking. We start fiscal 2008 with a very strong balance sheet with approximately $475 million in cash and investments and no debt. We believe we are the undisputed technology leader in our core application delivery networking market and expect to increase this leadership in 2008 as we deliver a very rich product roadmap. We are also very pleased that we continue to be the clear leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for this market in terms of ability to execute and completeness of vision. We delivered the flagship Big-IP AT/100 system in the first half of 2007, which has proven to be very successful with the large enterprises, telcos and large internet companies. Check out the performance data we include in our research press release, demonstrating that the AT/100 running on our TMOS software, clearly outperforms our competitors. We have also added significance enhancements to our TMOS operating environment including key functionality for the telco market as well as improved usability and performance capabilities. During the year we also delivered many enhancements to FirePass, to our Application Security ASM solution and to our WebAccelerator solutions. We believe these products are now very competitive in their respective market and will be a major contributor to our growth in fiscal 2008. Our WebAccelerator product, which is offered both standalone and as a software module in Big-IP, is a unique best of breed technology, and has been responsible for leveraging a growing proportion of our Big-IP sales. Similarly, our ASM application firewall solution is also responsible for leveraging a growing proportion of the Big-IP sales. WebAccelerator and ASM are now key components of our overall application ready networking strategy, where we partner with large application solution vendors such as Microsoft, SAP and Oracle. We also announced today that our WANJet product running on TMOS as well as a partnership with EMC to market our WANJet product for optimizing EMC's flagship SRDF solution. We believe these two announcements are major steps in our goals to become a key player in the WAN optimization market. Furthermore, we also believe there are significant synergies to be gained by linking our WANJet product with the Acopia solution. From a partnership perspective, we have made great progress in fiscal 2007. We continued to increase our channel with additional premier and gold resellers and distributors as well as increasing our win rate with large systems integrators. We also made excellent progress in our partnerships with the major application solutions partners including Microsoft, SAP and Oracle. Our application ready network strategy has been really well received by these solution partners and we believe that it provides a significant advantage in the marketplace. DevCentral, a developer's website for partners and customers continues to grow with users sharing best practices and iRules solutions. At the end of fiscal 2007, we had approximately 20,000 registered users on DevCentral, up over 70% from last year, clearly demonstrating the value this resource is bringing to the market. I am especially pleased with our acquisition of Acopia Networks. We believe Acopia's network based technology is best of breed in the exciting file virtualization market. The business benefits and return on investment from the Acopia solutions are extremely attractive. And we believe this disruptive technology will prove to be a significant contributor to the continued success of F5. We are convinced there will be continued synergies from this acquisition in terms of channel leverage, account partnership, and especially from a product portfolio perspective. We will go into this in detail at our annual Analyst Investor Meeting on November the 2nd in New York. I'm very delighted to have Chris Lynch join the F5 executive team as Senior VP of Data Solutions. Chris is with us on the call today. As far as Q4 of 2007 was concerned, I was delighted with the performance. Revenue and sales bookings were strong across all geographies. We saw strong performance in Japan at the half year close. EMEA had a solid performance given the usual summer seasonality. And the Asia Pacific continued to deliver quarterly sequential growth. We also experienced solid growth in North America. Our services business once again, proved to be very strong and continued to increase our service to sales revenue backlog. We now have a $100 million of deferred revenue in our balance sheet as we enter fiscal 2008. We have made significant investments in our service business over the year, both in terms of headcount and infrastructure, and we are seeing the results of these investments pay off with increased levels of customer satisfaction. I would now like to comment on some plans we have for our product roadmap. Obviously we will provide much more detail at the Analyst Investor meeting next week, so I will keep my comments brief. Our next generation Big-IP product, Montreal has recently moved to formal customer beta testing phase, which is a major milestone. Montreal is on track for bringing to market at the end of this calendar year. Regarding WAN optimization and Web Acceleration, a recent announcement of the release of WANJet on TMOS brings key functionality to this product including centralized management with an enterprise manager as well as disk caching capability. We believe our WANJet product offers the best data center to data center optimization solutions in the market today, and we are excited about the EMC partnership. As I mentioned earlier we see significant synergies between WANJet and the Acopia solutions. We also believe our WebAccelerator solution is best of breed and offers a compelling value proposition for our customers. We expect to move to customer beta testing with our FirePass SSL VPN solution running TMOS during the quarter. Our goal is to increase the number of supported users on this platform by up to a factor of 10 from the current FirePass solution. We believe this will give FirePass a strong competitive advantage in the marketplace and will be a more attractive solution for the customers looking to replace existing IP set installations. Looking forward to Q1 in fiscal 2008, Andy has indicated that we continue to see sequential growth in our business. And I believe F5 is very well positioned to take advantage of the continued demand for our solutions. As Andy also pointed out, we believe we can grow our business sequentially each quarter during the upcoming year. We have made significant investments in 2007, and we expect to benefit from these investments in fiscal 2008. We issued a press release today indicating that Tom Hull, our Senior VP of Sales has decided to leave F5. Tom is here with us on the call today, and will also be in attendance at our Analyst Investor Meeting in New York next week. I know I am speaking for the entire F5 team when I thank Tom for his significant contribution to F5's success over the last four years. From a personal perspective, I have enjoyed working with Tom, and I wish him all the best for the future. Tom has built a very strong team around him, and I am happy to congratulate Mark Anderson on his promotion to Senior VP of Worldwide Sales and look forward to him joining our executive team. Mark has delivered tremendous results as the VP of North America Sales organization, and I look forward to Mark continuing the success in his new role. Mark will also be present at next week's meeting in New York. Finally I would like to thank the entire F5 team and our partners for their efforts and support in fiscal 2007. And with that we will open our call for Q&A. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question from Samuel Wilson of JMP Securities. And your line is open.
Samuel Wilson - JMP Securities: Good afternoon, everyone. It's a big list, so I won't try and name all of you. But, just three very small questions. First, given sort of all the gyrations in the capital markets over the last few months, I'm just wondering if you saw any sort of change in buyer behavior from the financial services vertical. John, just want to get sort of a generic commentary on sort of the competitive environment out there. Have you noticed in change in competition or on pricing? And then lastly, just sort of some qualitative comments on sort of what the channel feedback has been about the acquisition of Acopia. Thank you.
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. On the first one, on capital markets. We have seen… we definitely saw some issues in the finance vertical. The actual vertical is 17% which is slightly down on our run rate which normally is about 19%, maybe 20%. So it’s all little bit there. We also, we had some really good wins, but it was actually some kind of a struggle to get those wins out of the customer, though we managed it in most cases. So yes, definitely some concern there and we are going to keep looking at it. That’s obviously been included in our guidance. But nothing, I wouldn’t say, nothing has dropped through the floor or anything like that but definitely, it's slightly tougher. We haven’t really seen in any other environment, it was mainly in finance, in fact mainly in the East Coast to be specific. Compared to the environment we think we are in really good shape there, we have got lot of products, I need to qualify that. And Big-IP we think that absolutely, as I said in the script, was way ahead of the competition. We just finished most of our sales reviews this week. We are actually having a one day sales conference. And we had a very, very high win rate against the competition. And the field definitely don’t have any major concerns in the Big-IP cool [ph] applications space. WebAccelerator, as I mentioned is almost unique in terms of web acceleration. Obviously WAN optimization has not really been a player, but we intend to change that with the announcements that we made today. So there’s not much point commenting on that. And in FirePass, we think that we have a really good product, our main competition is Juniper, we win as many as we lose in that space as the market's still a little bit on the stagnant side. But overall, from a competitive point of view, I think we are in very, very good shape. Acopia, which we don’t have much runway on, well Chris has got a lot more, and he’s here, we think that’s absolute best of breed. And Chris has been introducing niche and some of the already existing customers and we feel pretty excited about that.
Christopher P. Lynch - Senior Vice President of Data Solutions: I for one.
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Alright well on the channel reaction has been awesome to the Acopis acquisition, so has the customer reactions. So has the employee reaction in both companies. It’s almost like I say to Chris, I think yesterday, or the day before we are still in the honeymoon period but frankly it’s very, very exciting. And obviously we think we will get more channel partners because of this.
Samuel Wilson - JMP Securities: Right. Thank you very much everyone.
Operator: Thank you, our next question, Mark Sue, RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you. If I strip out Acopia, and I look at your base business, the mid point of your guidance seems to indicate that there may be low sequential rate of growth for the upcoming quarter and historically its range is between 7% and 10% sequentially. And I am just trying to see where that delta is. Is that all financialyticals or is that something else, is it law of large numbers, it doesn’t really seem to be competitive there. If you could help us there, that would be great.
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. But you are pretty lucid [ph], Mark, I think I got you. We use the same process, every quarter for guidance, and that process has held as well. In terms of your question, I think you said that we normally do 7% to 9%, that is very much on the high side. And I wouldn’t get confused between guidance and actual. But yes, we use the same process, we look at the pipeline, we look at the bottoms-up forecast and that’s what we come up with. And as I said, compared to last year, and we think it's good growth. So that’s the recipe.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: Is your… you get the sense that your base business is slowing a bit or not really, and you are still having a lot of headcount which contradict some of the I mean…
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think in terms of the base business I mean, one thing we are definitely looking for more sales productivity from the hires that we have made and during the year especially for sales and resources within the first six months. And we are paying a lot of focus into doing that. But from a market perspective we feel pretty good about it.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. That’s helpful, thank you, and good luck, gentlemen.
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question, Jason Ader, Thomas Weisel. Your line is open.
Jason Ader - Thomas Weisel Partners: Yes, thanks. Andy, could you give us the breakdown by product, Big-IP Security and WANJet. You gave it to us I think total, which includes services. Could you give us just the product side?
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Jason, historically, we haven't given that out. We normally just give the complete business out. But I would guide that it's fairly evenly distributed, as compared, the total to the product.
Jason Ader - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. And then CD, the WANJet contribution over the next few quarters, do you expect it to ramp from the $2 million. How should we be thinking about that?
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'm more or less going to be flipping with this answer and I would have to resort to that, Jason. We did that pretty minimal amount of business in WANJet last quarter. Most of the WAN optimization was actually WebAccelerator, the great majority of it was WebAccelerator. And a lot of that is software, by the way. So, it is leveraging a lot of Big-IP business. But the WANJet business was pretty minimal as the sales force quite rightly didn’t focus on it because of the competitive position. And yes, we would expect it, but we are not going to give any guidance on that. The early stages now, with the moving to TMOS, the EMC relationship has just been announced and we'll see how that goes.
Jason Ader - Thomas Weisel Partners: And last question, can you take a swing at what kind of organic growth that you might except and when we saw in 2007, fiscal 2007, north of 30% organic growth. I mean is that a reasonable assumption for 2008?
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, we don’t give out the yearly growth projections, we only do by quarter, I'm afraid.
Jason Ader - Thomas Weisel Partners: Is there any reason to think that that kind of growth rate… is there anything I guess, in the market that could push it up or down, I guess, would be the way to think about it? What are the drivers that push that up or down?
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes I mean the drivers, okay from a comparison point of view, clearly competition would be a driver, one way or another depending on how strong or weak it is. And we feel very, very good about the competitive position. I mentioned the Montreal going into beta phase, that is a big deal with it on track for delivery this year. So in the core business, we think Montreal takes yet another significant step away from the competition. We have mentioned about our excitement in Acopia, we clearly have no new opportunities, we've not had before with WANJet. So there is a number of drivers there that we think could be growth drivers.
Jason Ader - Thomas Weisel Partners: And at the March '08 quarter, you kind of made a little bit of a cautious comment on the growth being a little bit slower. Do you not expect the Montreal to make a significant contribution yet? Is that going to ramp… is it sort of going to be more gradual on the Montreal?
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, in my comments I definitely pointed out to North America. We have seen in the last couple of years, in particular North America slow down, so we wanted to highlight that in our comments. And Montreal, we said is going to be out at the end of the calendar year. And we see a lot of excitement around it and expect it to contribute. But it will be a slow ramp as it's our high-end box that we're coming out with in the market.
Jason Ader - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, all right, thank you, guys.
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question Ittai Kidron of CIBC. Your lines are open now.
Ittai Kidron - CIBC World Markets: Thank you very much, a couple of questions from me. First, with regards to the business outlook, should we assume then, Andy, as we look at the second quarter, the March quarter of '08, sort of similar behavior to what you have seen in the March '07 where you actually had a decline in GAAP earnings quarter-over-quarter?
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, I am looking at it, in my guidance, I was commenting on revenue growth. And that’s what I do is, go back and look at what we have seen in terms of behavior across all the theaters and that was what I was pointing to in my revenue guidance.
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: And also, just to be clear, what Andy said was, a little bit cost over Q2 because historically in North America, we've seen budgets particularly in the January quarter being a bit slow at the year-end. We did see, and this is really important, that we expect to do sequential growth every quarter in this fiscal year.
Ittai Kidron - CIBC World Markets: But you don’t plan to slow down your hiring because of this potential slowdown?
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: We do that by quarter, we measure that by quarter, and we are capable of doing it this quarter. But as we move into the March quarter, we tend to get very, very strong input from Japan as they come to the financial year end. So there's checks and balances on it, which is why we believe we'll still be sequentially up from the December quarter.
Ittai Kidron - CIBC World Markets: Very good. Andy, just to clarify, when you give pro forma estimates, do those also strip out the amortization or is it just like this conversation you are taking out?
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, right now when I'm talking about the guidance, I'm just stripping out stock based compensation. And what we are going to go, going forward is just as with stock based compensation, I am going to talk about GAAP, I will give you the break down of stock based compensation and I'll also give the out the amortization and May type pro forma if we think it's valuable in looking at our business. So you will see similar behavior there on both of those elements.
Ittai Kidron - CIBC World Markets: Right. But when you talk pro forma will exclude amortization as well?
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No.
Ittai Kidron - CIBC World Markets: Okay, so just stock based. John, with regards to the business environment and the upcoming launch of the Montreal, have you seen any of your customers either delay purchasing in anticipation of this product? Or on the flip side can you tell us what do you see from sort of a pent up demand from the channels and from customers for this type of product?
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Right. We haven’t seen any delay; and there may be some, but we don’t think it will be material. As, you have seen this in many calls before, we have a very good time records of introducing new products and Montreal is in a sense, similar to the AT/100 from our perspective and of course we did the Buffalo Jump transition. So we feel we know how to mange that. And the nature of the usage model of our products is interesting anyway. And I think I have said this in previous calls, customers when you buy new products tend to keep the existing product. I mean one of the reasons our service business is so high is we still have a massive amount of pre-TMOS service base that are still using it, but they have also got TMOS. So that allows you to have a fairly good transition path. The other thing is that Montreal is a very big product. And as Andy said, we expected to be cautious on the rate of take up of that. And having said that, to your other question, we have some of the other very big telco cum internet companies showing very significant interest, in fact they are involved in the beta test. So there is definitely opportunity there. But I think it will very much be at the high end and I don’t see it slowing down the core product.
Ittai Kidron - CIBC World Markets: Would you expect such opportunities to take six, nine months before they evolve into material orders?
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: I’d say that depends, it really depends., it depends on customer needs. Depends on the beta test… I really don’t want to go there yet; we are really just in the stages of doing beta test with customers.
Ittai Kidron - CIBC World Markets: Very good. And then lastly, Andy, could you just give us, just this once perhaps the, in your guidance what are you taking into account for Acopia revenue-wise?
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I have been giving our expectation for the year of $25 million to $30 million. We don’t break out in our guidance book, particular lines of business.
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: And we have never done that in the past. That’s our normal procedure. What we will do is obviously talk about the results
Ittai Kidron - CIBC World Markets: Good luck guys.
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question Jonathan Curtis of Nollenberger Capital Partners, your line is open
Jonathan Curtis - Nollenberger Capital Partners: So the EMC relationship that you have today for the WANJet, is it fair to assume that that’s for more data center optimizations and if so what are you doing to develop your channels to go after, if at all, the larger branch office opportunities? And I have a follow-up question.
Dan Matte - Senior Vice President of Marketing: Actually, Jonathan, this is Dan. For the EMC Select relationship, yes it is focused primarily on data center to data center replications, so they use some protocols for their storage systems to move data back and forth in WANJet and it significantly improves the performance of those, and save people a bunch of costs on bandwidth at the same time. So that will get us access to pretty significant sales force through EMC, through the Select program. And so we believe there will be good things coming from there. As far as the branch goes, we also announced today the new version of WANJet being available on TMOS. There’s some significant things in that product announcement that really position us well to plan the multi branch environment. So that’s really the piece where we have been standing on the sidelines and sort of watching the markets go by, with great amount of frustration internally. But now we are there, we are on the playing field. And then the third thing that I would highlight is also think about with Acopia in the mix, next Friday at the Analyst Day, we will be talking a lot about our roadmap and how having that technology is part of our portfolio, can really change the whole WAN optimization game and what’s going on in the multi branch environment too.
Jonathan Curtis - Nollenberger Capital Partners: And just back on the branch opportunity, do you feel comfortable with your channels that currently exist to go after that branch opportunity or is there some work that needs to be done to get the channel ready or to bring resellers in to have more of that raw networking experience.
Dan Matte - Senior Vice President of Marketing: I think our channel is pretty well suited to go after that. So when we initially did the acquisition of a small lab, our channel was all over those opportunities, and I know that with the revitalized product coming to them they will be right in there again. So I think we are well positioned.
Jonathan Curtis - Nollenberger Capital Partners: Fare enough. And just one quick follow up question, in terms of the percentage of your boxes, your Big-IP boxes that go out the door and run pure load balancing and really don’t take advantage of some of the more high end features, have you ever thought about… clearly you probably have some sense of sort of where you are in terms of attach rates for some of the more advanced features. Where are we on that right now and had how is that been trending over time?
Dan Matte - Senior Vice President of Marketing: Yes, this is Dan again. They are trending up over time. When we look at our customers and the number of people that you think like iRules and we track attach rates internally for the software nodules, WebAccelerator, the performance packs that we sell, SSL and things like that, we are continually surprised by just how many people use the advanced functionality of the devices. So that continues to increase in importance. And really, I think it speaks to the point of where we are competitively that our products offer people just simply a better solution to offload functions that otherwise would have to be written into the applications or performed on the application servers themselves.
Jonathan Curtis - Nollenberger Capital Partners: So in terms of the attach rate, is it below 25%, is it is it significantly above 25% in terms of the boxes that are shipped?
Dan Matte - Senior Vice President of Marketing: In terms of iRules, it's definitely above 25% for sure, well above that. In terms of the actual software model attach rates we haven't been disclosing that.
Jonathan Curtis - Nollenberger Capital Partners: So is it better to assume it's below 25%?
Dan Matte - Senior Vice President of Marketing: We haven't been disclosing it.
Jonathan Curtis - Nollenberger Capital Partners: Got it, got it. Okay, thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next is Tim Long with Banc of America, your line is open now.
Tim Long - Banc of America: Thank you, two questions, if I could. Andy, this is just a follow up on the sales and sales productivity. Can you just talk to us a little bit, you said one of the directions is to increase productivity. First of all, why do you think it's been lagging behind your expectations? How do you plan on improving it? And if it does not improve or it slows… it improves at too slow of a pace, what does that mean for hiring through 2008? And then secondly, on the carrier side of the business, could you talk about that a little bit. It looks just up slightly sequentially. But really only have 10% of the fairly tough compare last year. Any changes there, any concentration issues or any dynamics worth highlighting in the quarter that could have held that business back? Thank you.
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, on the sales productivity first of all we hired a lot of people very aggressively in 2007, so we have put a huge focus on basically making sure that they have access to all the tools they need to sell. And there is a whole list of actions that needs to take place under that training, web based training, good access to references. So we are spending a lot of time on that. And that feels one-on-one. But we think we can definitely start to see the investment as we do that. But we had very, very aggressive hiring. And regarding the hiring remember we do manage our business quarterly. So we take a view on a quarterly basis in terms of what we are going to set our targets for headcount, and then we check it weekly, and absolutely monthly. So we're very [inaudible] on that. He telco was the last thing. Yes, regarding telco, it was a reasonable quarter. If you remember last quarter we talked about some slips. We did see a fairly reasonable sized one slip into this current quarter that we thought was going to close. And so with that reasonable confidence, it's actually going to close this quarter. But we did actually have one slip, most of the other ones closed.
Tim Long - Banc of America: Meaning close in the December quarter?
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: The slip from September… what I am talking about, I am talking about one slipped into this current quarter, December quarter. The other one closed before September.
Tim Long - Banc of America: So that slip could help that business grow as a percentage revenue this quarter?
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's possible, yes.
Tim Long - Banc of America: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Erik Suppiger of Signal Hill, your line is open now.
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Capital Group: Good afternoon. On Acopia, can you tell us what Acopia's total sales for Q4 were?
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We said we did $1.6 million in business.
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Capital Group: Was that for the fourth quarter, was that just--?
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That was just for the two weeks that they were a part of F5. And we are not discussing a fill quarter or prior to F5, what their business was.
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Capital Group: And you don’t want to break it out in terms of what you are assuming for Q1?
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We have never done that and we will give you that… break it out in the results next quarter.
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Capital Group: All right. And I presume, no insights into what dilution that would have in Q1 either?
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We talked about that we expected… in terms of our operating margin, that it would take it to the mid-20s like we talked about; so still that same range.
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Capital Group: Okay. On the EMC relationship, is there any incentive… or are the EMC sales people incented to sell the WANJet products that they're going to have?
Dan Matte - Senior Vice President of Marketing: Yes, absolutely, this is Dan, they receive both commission and quota-linked on it.
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Capital Group: Okay, so it’s a standard product from their perspective?
Dan Matte - Senior Vice President of Marketing: Correct. Yes.
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Capital Group: Okay, how is it positioned, is it a part of a broader solution for storage replication or how does it fit into their platforms?
Dan Matte - Senior Vice President of Marketing: Absolutely. It's positioned as a broader part of the solution for them, so really with their Symmetrix business and specifically the protocols that those systems use to move data back and forth between the systems. It's where WANJet comes into play, to really speed that up and save people bandwidth costs there. So the way WANJet is being positioned to their field force, is as a great tool to be able to go in and solve these type problems for their customers who are interested in Symmetrix.
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Capital Group: Did you get access to proprietary protocols that they have that other players in the States wouldn’t have?
Dan Matte - Senior Vice President of Marketing: Yes, absolutely. We worked very closely in joint engineering and obviously all the testing that goes along with that to certify the solution.
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Capital Group: So arguably there aren't any other products in the market that would be able to achieve what you are doing?
Dan Matte - Senior Vice President of Marketing: To the best of knowledge, no.
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Capital Group: And then lastly, what opportunities did you take Acopia into EMC? Is there any overlap for the existing product or VMWare or anything like that, are they looking at that as well?
Dan Matte - Senior Vice President of Marketing: I think there are a couple of interesting angles to that. Largely complementary in terms of what goes on with EMC. It does overlap with the one portion of the portfolio as well. But I think, as we see that relationship evolve and we'll look into what happens on the WANJet side, there going to be some interesting discussions in the future.
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Capital Group: Very good. Thank you.
Dan Matte - Senior Vice President of Marketing: Sure.
Operator: Next from Saud Masud of UBS, your line is open now.
Saud Masud - UBS: Great, thank you, can you hear me?
Dan Matte - Senior Vice President of Marketing: Yes.
Saud Masud - UBS: Great. Guys, I just have a question on 4Q, traditionally you guys were able to beat the guidance light handedly and one would expect with the slippage in 3Q, again a 4Q would be, the quarters should be easily beatable. Can you maybe provide some color on, is there any fundamental change in competitive dynamics from the last two to three months that may have added incremental pressure that are legit to come in line with guidance or at the high end of the guidance, instead of beating that?
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: We haven’t seen any change in competitive pressure except on the positive side from our perspective. I made a reference to those performance tests that we did that we made public, we're hearing from the field that we're replacing and most of our key competitors, including Cisco and including Citrix, Acteva. So in the core group, we are very, very strong
Saud Masud - UBS: Okay. And just a clarification on Acopia, I'm sure you will provide more details at the Analyst ay, but after six weeks of Acopia under the F5 umbrella, you're still sticking with $25 million to $30 million in revenue potential for '08 and the dilutive impact is about $0.15 or 4 percentage points of operating margins. I just wanted to clarify that.
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we're still a the same guidance. I mean as you know, we are increasingly positive about the Acopia story and the integration and our ability to manage our expectations. But for now, that’s our guidance that we are putting out there.
Saud Masud - UBS: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next is from Manny Recarey, Kaufman Brothers. Your line is open.
Manuel Recarey - Kaufman Brothers: Thanks, actually my questions were just answered on the dilution from Acopia, is there any change there. Thanks.
Operator: And then the next is the Cameron Cooke from Janco Partners, your line is open
Cameron Cooke - Janco Partners: Could you talk a little bit about, or expand on the increase in win rates with integrators and sort of that dovetails with your sales force productivity?
Dan Matte - Senior Vice President of Marketing: Sure, this is Dan, Cameron. In terms of the integrators from CFC, EDS, some folks like that, we are seeing definitely an increase in business with that. Many of the projects that they work on are pretty big and take a while to sort of percolate through the system especially some of the larger government ones. But that is definitely increasing for us as a part of our business and does definitely help in term of the sales productivity part of our business.
Cameron Cooke - Janco Partners: So, that was a function of sales that were already in the pipeline?
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: A lot more of it that they bring to us, that’s the beauty of the system integrators, because A, they might be in control of a very large project or they are outsourcing the project. And once you prove you can get some trust with them and some loyalty, they tend to bring you into market schedules. A good example of that would have been the law of system integrator business. In fact, the one way [ph] sales conference is being held this week. I'm not sure who, but one of the big systems integrators are actually speaking to their sales force about the joint campaigns we have been doing.
Cameron Cooke - Janco Partners: And as you guys, since you now support disk cache on the WANJet product, can you talk a little bit about a GAAP analysis relative to Riverbed maybe and the sales cycle on that product.
Karl Triebes - Chief Technology Officer and Senior Vice President of Product Development: This is Karl. Just real quick. Yes, what we feel with this recent release of disk caching and TMOS, is that this allows us to actually execute well in the branch office. But by no means are we necessarily on a one by one feature parity basis comparable to the Riverbed feature set at the moment. However, the joint solution between the WANJet and the Acopia ARS actually gives us advantages where we can do file optimization, based on locality at the branch office. So we see some unique aspects of this solution, it actually gives us advantage over necessarily supporting caching and a number of other types of proxies that are available on the Riverbed product.
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: And we'll get into a lot of detail next Friday in New York.
Cameron Cooke - Janco Partners: Sounds like a great product. Thanks.
Operator: Our next is Rohit Chopra, Wedbush Morgan, your line is open
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan: Thank you. I had three questions. First one ism can you just talk about linearity, how back-end loaded was the quota compared to last year or the year before?
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: I can tell you that it was pretty consistent with what we've seen historically. We were little less than 50% in the third month. And I don’t have the information in front of me but I think it's pretty consistent with the last couple of years.
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan: Yes, and no change there. And them I'm going to ask an Acopia question. But I think this is simple, can you spread out the revenue that you indicated for Acopia between products and services?
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: No we are not going to do that.
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan: Okay, not for this quarter. And then, I have question for Chris Lynch, and this is just based on an article where he was quoted in Dow Jones about a year ago. I just wanted to understand what impeded the progress to break even for the business last year and how does F5 change the equation?
Christopher P. Lynch - Senior Vice President of Data Solutions: Excuse me. I think that, I don’t view that we had any impeding, that didn’t drive the relationship. I think that we have a very significant technology advantage. And we need to weigh all options to grow into the market. And when we looked at you know creating our own channel or marketing direct, and the time we take to do that and the money we take to do that and the opportunity to leverage a brand and channel like F5, we thought that was an opportunity we couldn’t pass up to take advantage of the lead that we have in the market with our technology. And that was really what drove us as opposed to any sort of financial metrics that I was looking at, as Acopia independently.
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan: Okay, thank you
Operator: Our next, Ken Muth of Robert Baird, your line is open
Kenneth Muth - Robert Baird: Hi, thanks. Andy, you have mentioned, as you were going through the sequential growth through the year, Q2 build was slower, that by the end of the fiscal '08, your gross margins would be back to more of a historical level implying kind of 78% number. Can you imply also with that comment that you have made that your operating margins would get back to that same level?
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, Ken, when I talking about the gross margins, in particular, we spent a lot of time, at F5 improving our gross margins over time, and those will be efforts that we continue and we think we have advantage from that. We're also going to apply that to Acopia and we believe that and everything from discounting to supply chain, we see some opportunity to bring their margins up as well. So my comment there was looking at the combined organization now. Working both sides there, we believe we can get back up to those historical levels. And I wasn't meaning to imply that operating margins would get back to historical levels at one point.
Kenneth Muth - Robert Baird: Yes
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: But we will see them improve through the year.
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Right. And also, remember that obvious, and I actually feel [ph] that top line revenues, the gross margin we talk with both of them, we think we can grow sequentially each quarter, we think we can get the gross margin off. And then the meter [ph] on operating margin headcount, so the operating margins are going to be very, very much linked to the decisions we make during the year in terms of the investment in the headcount.
Kenneth Muth - Robert Baird: Okay, dependent, actually fiscal '08, you would expect that kind of gross margin level even with Acopia hires, I assume you are talking on a combined basis, that you would be at that kind of, call it, 78% gross margin.
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I mean, we are usually initially between 77% and 78%. And that’s when I talked about historical levels, that’s what I am referring to, so that 1% range there.
Kenneth Muth - Robert Baird: Okay, thank you.
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Operator: Our next question from Troy Jensen, Piper Jaffray, your line is open now.
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: Hey, good Afternoon, gentlemen. A quick question for Andy here, could you give us Acopia expenses in the quarter?
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: For Q4, troy?
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: Yes, pleaser.
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I don’t know specifically what they were but roughly our revenue and their gross margin which we've said has been in the lower 60s, that was roughly breakeven.
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then how about, I guess, what I would like to know is, what would the gross margins or operating margins be, ex-Acopia in the quarter? Do you happen to have that with you?
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: For Q4, the effect of Acopia was pretty small, it less than 1%. So I still think, we're right around the 29% level.
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: Okay, perfect. Last one on finances, just one for John. And I think, what $10.2 million in stock based comp here in the September quarter, correct?
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: Now you guided for next quarter, it was $14 million stock based comp?
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's $14 million in OpEx and then approximately $1 million for COGS.
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: So I guess why the $5 million jump in stock based compensation?
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The majority of it is, as we do our annual grant in August and we did that and then we also had Acopia come on board, which has contributed to the increase. And then to a small extent, just our overall headcount growth, outside of that.
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: All right, fair. And then to John, I apologize if I missed this, but can you give any update on how Big-IP 8800 performed in the quarter? I mean, the 8400 and 8800, I'd be interested.
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: We don’t break revenue by product. But what I said in my introduction was that we're very happy with the 8800 and how the interest level with the large enterprises and the telcos and the large internet companies, so it's been pretty good. And 8400 similarly. And 8800, as you know this was a flagship and is the key one for those big customers
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: Right. Good luck, guys.
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And Troy, just one last point, if you didn’t pick it up in my comments was that we expected the stock based compensation to remain at that level until our next annual grant in August.
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: Got you. And I just thought of another one, if I could. Could you just re-give us the US Fed and overall government number, because I just missed it.
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, US Fed was 7%, and overall was 12%.
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: Perfect. See you next week, guys.
Operator: Our next is from Ehud Gelblum with JP Morgan, your line is open, sir.
Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan: Hi, thank you. Most of my questions have been answered. Couple of questions, though. Andy, you reiterated the guidance for top line for Acopia for next year. On the original conference call, you have also given guidelines, I assume they are still consistent, but just wanted to make sure that’s true low 60s gross margin. And I think you were talking around $8.5 million in OpEx per quarter. Is that still what we should be looking at unchanged for next year?
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan: Okay, great. When you are looking at… you said you did the hiring on a quarter-to-quarter basis, a lot of the hiring in this quarter, 285 new employees, should we expect that given the levels of efficiency you are looking out of them, should we expect that to come down next quarter and maybe take a quarter or two, as you need to adjust these, before you continue hiring or do you expect to continue hiring at this new higher pace now for next quarter?
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: First of all, 325 last quarter, I think was the number. And then obviously that included Acopia. So just by definition we would expect the same number as we move in. We actually gave some guidance for the quarter, which was I think 60 to 80 in this current quarter.
Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan: Okay. I apologize, I was looking at the wrong number. And you expect that again to be… is that perhaps geographically split in any way, a little stronger maybe in Europe or Asia or across the board?
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think break down of that will be consistent with what has been in line with our break out of revenue. And we get pretty granular on that as we go through the quarters. And if we see more opportunity on one theater, we'll make a shift. But for the most part, it's pretty evenly distributed.
Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan: Okay, helpful. Two more things again. You mentioned again that after the gross margin takes a dip on the addition of Acopia, it should come back to historical levels. What are you basing that off of? Is that volumes in Acopia, just getting more efficiency from your suppliers? Or is that, you expect costs to come down in Acopia products or do you expect pricing there to be a little firmer as time goes on. What will bring the… I assume Acopia does nothing but become a larger percentage of your revenue as time goes on. If all goes well, so how you get the margin back up again?
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: In my comments, so just to be clear on what I said, that we think it'll drop down about 1%, and that was our guidance. And then we'll see them improve through the year. And it's a number of things. We think we can solidify pricing and lower discounting per se that we have seen there. And the supply chain issues, we are constantly working on new platforms that will come out with. All those things we need to believe that that we will be able to get back to its historical levels. And maybe, with both on, we will still keep focused on improving margins on the F5 side as well. So the combination of those two will get it back up to historical levels.
Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan: Right, but your F5 gross margins have been rock solid for a long time. So one would imagine that there is not much…I mean you've been doing it at fabulous level over there, there's not much more you can do there. On the Acopia side though, it sounds as though better supply chain management, they managed to do on their own. And lower discounting, have there been discounting in the past and do you expect that to be able to go away, am I understanding that correctly?
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Frankly I don’t have facts and figures on it, but as a start up company in the nascent market, I think at times you have bigger discounting and we've talked that and we think we see ways to improve that given the combined company and the strengths of the F5 brand.
Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan: Okay, great. And Chris, while you are here, it would be great to ask you a question, I am assuming you agree with this $25 million to $30 million top line that Andy is talking about from you for next year. When you look at that, and you look at your competitors, several of which have been bought over the last year, year and a half by larger companies as well do you expect… what kind of share do you think of this market do you expect that $25 million to $30 million to be, you expect to be 50% of the market or do you expect to be a fairly small player in a $200 million or $300 million or $400 million market and someone else is getting a lot of opportunity to grow? Or do you think you will be defining the market and that $25 million to $30 million will be the 600-pound grower in this market next year?
Christopher P. Lynch - Senior Vice President of Data Solutions: I agree with it. We are the market leader today and that the market has been small to growing, and we see significant momentum in market growth. We will maintain our leadership position, and by doing that, obviously we will enjoy significant growth as the market grows
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: You will see this next week when we talk about it in detail, I know Chris is going to present. But is a nascent market, so talking about market share, I wouldn’t say it's premature but it’s very, very early days. But what’s interesting to me and you'll see next week is, if you look at the Acopia installed base for example, in the financial vesicle in New York, pretty amazing. I mean they almost own it. So obviously that’s not the whole market share, but they have some really, really premium customers. But you'll get better feel for that next week
Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan: Okay, appreciate it. And lastly, John, when you said financials were slightly weak, was that essentially in your application installation and any types of related areas? Or are you seeing that financial's perhaps in general overall weak?
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: That’s the overall budget spending.
Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan: So across the board, the financial's a little bit weaker.
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, a little, a little.
Ehud Gelblum - JP Morgan: Okay, interesting, thanks so much, see you next week.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt Robison of Ferris, Baker Watts, your line is open.
Matt Robison - Ferris, Baker Watts: Hi, thank you very much guys. Actually all my questions have been answered. Good luck.
Operator: Our last question at this time, from Paul Mansky from Citigroup. Your line’s open.
Paul Mansky - Citigroup: Thanks, getting under the wire here. Just wanted to go back to the EMC for a second. I know SRDF is kind of a bread and butter application over there. So being brought into the portfolio is certainly a validationary part. So congratulations on that. The question is, I'm wondering if you were ever approached or you ever considered to take that Select relationship to actually a branded relationship with EMC via their Connectrix program?
Dan Matte - Senior Vice President of Marketing: Paul, this is Dan. First step, Select, we'll see what happens from there. But that’s what we've got today.
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we haven't been in any discussions about that, and we're pretty comfortable with what we've got.
Paul Mansky - Citigroup: Great, thank you very much.
John Eldridge - Director of Investor Relations: Okay, well, thank you all for joining us on today's call, and we hope we'll see many of you at our Analyst Meeting in New York next week.
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-07-26 16:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: John Eldridge - Director of IR   Andy Reinland - Sr. VP and Chief Finance Officer   John McAdam - President and CEO   Dan Matte - Sr. VP of Marketing 
Analysts: Samuel Wilson - JMP Securities   Inder Singh - Lehman Brothers   Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray   Ehud Gelblum - J.P. Morgan   Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Capital Group   Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets   Paul Mansky - Citigroup Global Markets   Matt Robison - Ferris Baker Watts   Richard Sherman Jr. - MKM Partners   Manuel Recarey - Kaufman Brothers   Jeffrey Goldberg - Banc of America Securities   Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan   Brent Bracelin - Pacific Crest Securities   Ryan Hutchinson - WR Hambrecht + Co   Cameron Cooke - Janco Partners   Bill Choi - Jefferies & Company 
Operator: Good afternoon. Welcome to F5 Third Quarter Financial Results. All parties would be on a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect.  I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you sir, you may begin. 
John Eldridge - Director of Investor Relations: Thank you Andrea, and welcome to all of you to our third quarter 2007 conference call. Speakers on today's call are John McAdam, President and CEO; and Andy Reinland, Senior VP and Chief Finance Officer. John Rodriguez, Senior VP and Chief Accounting Officer; Tom Hull, Senior VP of Worldwide Sales; Dan Matte, Senior VP of Marketing; and Karl Triebes, Senior VP of Product Development and CTO, are also with us to answer the questions following our prepared comments.  If you don't have a copy of today's press release, its available on our website, www.f5.com. In addition, you can access an archived version of today's live webcast from the Events Calendar page of our website, through October 24th. From 4.40 PM today until 7 PM Pacific Time July 26th, you can also listen to a telephone replay at 888-562-6807 or 203-369-3941.  During today's call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements which include words, such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our quarterly release, described in detail in our SEC filings. Please bear in mind that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call.  Now, I will turn the call over to Andy Reinland. 
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer: Thanks John. In our fiscal third quarter, we achieved revenue of $132.4 million, reflecting 4% sequential growth and within our guided range of $131 million to $133 million. Our bookings outpaced our reported revenue for the quarter. Book-to-bill was greater than one. GAAP EPS of $0.51 was above the $0.48 to $0.50 guidance, we provided in our release in conference call on April 25th. Before discussing detailed results for the quarter and guidance for Q4, I want to remind you that all number are GAAP-based unless specifically identified as non-GAAP. Overall revenue grew $4.8 million or 4% from the prior quarter, and $32.3 million or 32% from the third quarter a year ago.  The Americas represented 58% of revenue, EMEA accounted for 18% and Japan and APAC, each represented 12%. Product revenue of $97.8 million represented 74% of revenue. Service revenue of $34.7 million was 26%. Revenue from our core business was $121.5 million or 92% of revenue. Security revenue was $8.9 million, including $7.2 million from our SSL VPN products, and $1.7 million from an Application Security Manager product. WAN Optimization and Acceleration revenue was $2.1 million. The Telco vertical was 22% of revenue. Financial and technology sectors, each accounted for 19%. U.S. Federal Government generated 6% and total government was 11%.  During Q3, we have three greater-than-10% distributors. AB-NET Technologies, which accounted for 12.3%, Ingram Micro which accounted for 11.2%, and Tech Data which accounted for 10.1%.  Moving down the income statement; gross margin in Q3 was 77.6%, including approximately 600,000 of stock-based compensation expense. Operating expenses of $75 million were within our target range of $73 million to $76 million, and included approximately $10 million of stock-based compensation expense.  Our operating margin was 21%. Our non-GAAP operating margin, which excludes stock-based compensation expense was 29%. Our effective tax rate was 37.6%. Excluding stock-based compensation expense, our non-GAAP effective tax rate would have been 33.5%. We continue to generate strong cash flow. Cash from operations was $38.2 million, and we ended the quarter with $633 million in cash in investments.  On the balance sheet, DSO end of the period at 53 days. Inventories at quarter end were $9.3 million. Deferred revenue increased 11% from the prior quarter, to $83.2 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $4.5 million, and depreciation and amortization expense was $3.9 million. During Q3, we added approximately 75 employees ending the quarter with 1355 full-time employees.  Moving on to the fourth quarter outlook. We are seeing early indications that our investment in sales and support headcount over the first GAAP of our fiscal year if beginning to pay dividends. As a result, we are targeting revenue in the range of $142 million to $144 million. We expect gross margin in the 77% to 78% range, including approximately 500,000 in stock-based compensation expense. We expect operating expenses between $78.5 million and $81.5 million, including approximately $10.5 million of stock-base compensation expense. Our effective tax rate for the quarter is anticipated to be 37%. Excluding stock-based compensation, we expect our non-GAAP effective tax rate to be 33%.  We expect our Q4 earnings per share to be in the range of $0.53 to $0.55 on a pre-split basis and $0.27 to $0.28 per share reflecting the two-for-one stock split announced in our press release today. We are continuing to invest in the growth of the business and plan to add 100 to 120 employees this quarter. We estimate DSOs will be at or around 50 days. We expect inventory levels within a range of $8 million to $10 million, and we anticipate cash flow from operation to be in excess $40 million.  With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam. 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Andy and good afternoon every one. We are actually speaking today from Chicago, where we are hosting our Annual North America Progress Summit. We have approximately 300 sales persons, sales engineers and managers from our North American VAS [ph] in attendance to the conference. This is an exciting opportunity to meet with these partners, and share our plans for the upcoming years.  Q3 which marks our 18th quarter of sequential growth was another solid milestone for the company. The percentage of business from each of our key geographies was pretty much as expected and was similar to previous quarter. Business in Japan down sequentially as expected in the first quarter of Japan's fiscal year, but the drop was much less than previous year.  Our U.S. Federal business continues to demonstrate the strength we have seen in recent quarter, and represented approximately 6% of revenue for the quarter. Our EMEA business also experienced sequential growth in Q3, and our business in Asia-Pacific though down slightly on a sequential basis, actually had an increase in order booking, which bodes well for growth in Q4.  U.S. Enterprise business also delivered sequential growth, as we continue to make progress in the Fortune 500 accordance [ph]. Our North American service provider business was down from the previous quarter, and below our internal forecast. The service provider sales pipeline remains strong, but we did experience some slippage of deals which were originally forecast for Q3. However, we expect most of those opportunities to close in Q4.  Our services business once again produced solid sequential growth with yet another sizeable increase in deferred revenue. From a product perspective, the mix of business remains similar to the previous quarter, with our core Application Delivery Controller business accounting for approximately 92% of the total, compared to the position in our core business remains very strong as indicated in the latest magic quadrant from Gartner, where we continued to advance up onto the right and occupy the clear leadership position in the market.  During its first few quarter as a new high-end of our Application Delivery Controller family, the BIG-IP 8800 continue to meet our expectations and was responsible for some key wins. We believe that BIG-IP 8800 system has no real viable competitor today, and we expect demand for this product to increase this quarter and into fiscal 2008, as both the volume and complexity of internet traffic continues to grow at significant rates.  Our FirePass sales were up sequentially as expected, reflecting the strength of our competitive position in a market that remains relatively flat. In application acceleration we're seeing very good traction with our Web Accelerator product, which is now available as a software module on BIG-IP. Web Accelerator is proving to be a really great competitive differentiator on TMOS, and has contributed to a number of strategic BIG-IP sales wins. Sales of WANJet a symmetric WAN Optimization solution, continues to be slow as expected and we do not see that situation changing until, we release WANJet availability on TMOS. Recently we have moved into beta phase with this product, which we believe will position F5 with a key player in the WAN Optimization market in fiscal 2008. Montreal continues to be on-track for delivery to market at the end of this calendar year.  During the last quarter we had discussions and product demonstrations with potential customers of Montreal during which we provided detailed information on Montreal's architecture, performance targets and functionality. The reactions have been extremely positive and we expect Montreal to increase our technology leadership in the application delivery control in market during fiscal 2008.  Last quarter we talked about some of our new marketing initiatives including the partnership with Microsoft, where we announced the industries first application-ready network solutions for Microsoft applications. The Microsoft application-ready network solution contains prescriptive architectures, designs, applications and deployment guides. These two utilize the entire product portfolio to optimize Exchange 2007, SharePoint 2007 and Vista applications.  During Q3, we held a number of joint marketing seminars with Microsoft in some of the key regions in North America. The seminars proved to be very successful in evangelizing the F5 value-add for these Microsoft solutions and resulted in the addition of significant new prospects for our sales pipeline. We also introduced application-ready network for SAP solutions last quarter, and we plan to extend this approach to our other major application partners.  As far as Q4 guidance is concerned, Andy provided a target revenue range which will result in solid sequential revenue growth this quarter and position us for continued growth in fiscal 2008. Historically, Q4 has been a strong quarter for the company and we expect that trend to continue. Apart from EMEA which tends to see some softness in the summer months, we expect to see solid growth from all the other geographies. We expect to see strong sequential growth in Japan and continued growth in Asia-Pacific. We also expect sequential growth in Americas, which includes our US Federal and service provider business. As a result of our high contract renewal rates driving the continued growth of our deferred revenue of service business should deliver another solid quarter.  To leverage the strength of our product roadmap and market position, we plan to continue with aggressive hiring-for-growth strategy in Q4. During fiscal 2000... to-date, we increased our employee base by 285. And as Andy mentioned, we plan to add another 100 to 120 employees in the current quarter. Our key goals with these investments are focused on top line revenue, customer satisfaction and technology leadership. We believe these investments will bear fruit in Q4 and then to fiscal 2008 and I continue to feel very confident about our current position as well as our potential growth... our potential for continued growth.  I want to thank the entire F5 team and their partners for the support last quarter, and with that I will hand the call over for Q&A.  Question And Answer 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Samuel Wilson. Your line is open. Please state your company name and you may ask your question. 
Samuel Wilson - JMP Securities: JMP Securities. Good afternoon gentlemen. Just two questions for you today. Can you give us a sense of what linearity was in the quarter and also can you just give us a sense of how the overall environment if there's been any sort of material change in the last 90 days in terms of the overall demand environment? Thank you. 
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer: Yes, still on the first question Sam the linearity, we were... the third month it was 49%. 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: And then the overall environment Sam, no major changes as I mentioned in my script there. We did see some slippage of deals in North American service provider market. That mainly down to the fact that these are larger deals in very, very big projects are controlled frankly as much as in the Enterprise. But overall globally we think it's pretty good and that's why we feel good of the Q4. 
Samuel Wilson - JMP Securities: Perfect thank you very much. Good quarter gentlemen. 
Operator: Thank you. Inder Singh. Please state your company name and you may ask your question. 
Inder Singh - Lehman Brothers: Yes hi. I am at Lehman Brothers. I wanted to ask you a question about really the guidance, the fact that your book-to-bill is greater than one, and you did have some of the resource right to contract perhaps with in timing. It seem to me that perhaps your guidance could be a bit on the conservative side. What's your philosophy on that right now in terms of... are you trying to be conservative. Are there risks that you are trying to quantify in the guidance that perhaps you can give some color on please? 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well we have first of all the guidance is a guidance and we didn't comment on we believe it's conservative, but we obviously... it's our system for providing guidance. It's been pretty affective in the last four to five years. And it's based really on strong pipeline, competitive strength, the bottoms-up forecast and obviously absolute with the real position in Q3 as well. But that's fundamental what we based the guidance on. 
Inder Singh - Lehman Brothers: And as far as that Montreal you are really not counting on revenue from that until next year. So is that right? 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct. Yeah we have goal is to get Montreal up to market at this end of this calendar year and by that we talk about achieving revenue. 
Inder Singh - Lehman Brothers: Great, thank you gentlemen. 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks. 
Operator: Troy Jensen your line is open. Please state your company name and you may ask your question. 
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: Piper Jaffray. Thanks for taking my question here. Quick question for John. Net scale has seem to have struggled a little bit in the June quarter. I wonder if you could talk maybe a little bit about your win rate versus that competitor? 
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer: Yes I think that our win rate is extremely high across the Board, extremely high. And when we look at some of the... if you take the service provider space, we didn't see any loss deals we thought with it and generally that was going down. I mean now and again we will loss a typically a small opportunity to fiscal, because we can't get much phase time with the customer for a significant portion of the time we win, and from the Net Scale... from a Net Scale perspective with 8000 and 8400 with TMOS and the all the modules with TMOS we feel of a really, really strong positions and that was reflected I think in the GAAP-related gross margin quarter. 
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: Alright got it. And the follow up on...and there is a question about Montreal given that the 8800's got pretty longer than expected sales cycles I would expect that Montreal is going to be similar if not that longer given it's a more complex system? 
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer: It's possible with the I mean with that I also mentioned that we actually let some customers touch Montreal last quarter and that's not beta as everyone get that impression but clearly it's in a strong position with that application where we do that. And their reaction was very, very strong. So I think that will be some I think suppressed demand and then we will see how the sales cycle goes. But certainly the value is going to be high in terms of the actual sale itself. Obviously, the sale value of Montreal. 
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: Got it there. Keep up to good return. 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. 
Operator: Ehud Gelblum, your line is open. Please state your company name, and you may ask your question. 
Ehud Gelblum - J.P. Morgan: Hi, thank you. It's J.P. Morgan. A couple of question if I could. One, I don't know if you mentioned that the 8800 is doing well and that you be expected to be a larger percentage of revenues go forward. Can you give us sense to what percent of revenues you are now in 8800 and how large you expect that to be? And then as you look at these 285 people that you have hired now and if the headcount continues to grow. When do you think we will start to seeing revenue growth to accelerate, as you start kind of getting the impact of the larger sales force on your sales, so that your volume could actually... can we see sort of increasing growth rate at some point when we get to full quarter, kind of what's the timing on any impact of that? 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think both very, very good questions, but unfortunately both I am not going to give you absolute direct answers. But we will give best color we can here. First of all we don't give a percentage by product, by specific product. So we don't do that. However, the 8800 is definitely doing really well. We won some real key new business accounts. Some of them... some of the globally named dotcom accounts for the 8800 last quarter. So we are very pleased with that and there is a lot of evaluation in fact in that as well. So we feel good about that, but we don't give the percentages.  Regarding the growth, I mean clearly 285 staffing the quarter in addition to fiscal year with a continued aggressive hiring of 100 to 120. We are clearly looking as I stated one of the main areas we are looking for here is top line growth. I think we will that the fruits of that as we move into next fiscal. But we won't really talk about that in any sort of detail until we come to October. But we do absolutely expect to see some productivity coming from that investment. 
Ehud Gelblum - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Can I just sneak one last thing in? You are doing a great job moving WANJet over to TMOS for the -- and we're expecting that to when it get on TMOS to be contributing factor to the whole installation market. In the market that you had in case that doesn't work, how do you think about your plan B. What are you looking for, if WANJet and TMOS does not pick up to some acceptable level? Would you consider some sort of M&A type of arrangement to get into that space, or do you think you would just keep going with strategy have right now regardless of what the outcome here, would not be even once you have it on board? 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: We are always looking at the M&A space. We do that constantly and we are looking at opportunities that typically are adjacent to what we do. In another words very much in application space, very much into knowledge within internet protocol. Web Accelerator by the way, is we -- that's other, probably go with the acquisition of -- is proving to be a major differentiator. But we are always doing that... we are always... that not going to be a change in strategy for us actually to do that. In terms of WANJet and TMOS, it's moved into beta phase which means we are letting customers touch it and clearly that's a big milestone and we do expect to it get us growth in 2008. But that's not the one and only target that we have got in terms of growth drivers. 
Ehud Gelblum - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thank so much. 
Dan Matte - Senior Vice President of Marketing: Yes Ehud. This is Dan speaking. One of the other things just a point to highlight from what John mentioned with Web Accelerator and maybe another during the quarter AT&T announced the new service for their hosted customer to that's an acceleration service of based on Web Accelerator. So I think some pretty good stuff is happening with our product. 
Ehud Gelblum - J.P. Morgan: Right. 
Dan Matte - Senior Vice President of Marketing: Thank you. 
Operator: Erik Suppiger your line is open. Please state your company name and you may ask your question. 
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Capital Group: Signal Hill and good afternoon. First half could you speak a little qualitatively about the bookings growth; last quarter you book-to-bill was less than one, in this quarter your book-to-bill is more than one. So it's difficult for us to get much of a sense for the sequential growth that you saw. Can you just speak a little bit qualitatively if not quantitatively on how the growth looked? 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes the only time we talked about book-to-bill is it was given a clue and that's not one has been below one. Above one we just leave to that and don't give any more details on that. 
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Capital Group: All right. Can you give us the stock comp on the individual line items for the operating expenses? 
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer: Could you ask that again Erik. 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Your stock comp on individual line item? 
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer: You can get that in the press release at the bottom of the income statement. 
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Capital Group: Okay. And then lastly how much of your telco business is North America? 
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer: We have broken that out and don't have that first of all but we generally we don't break it out the costs as I said. We do however comment that telco represented strongly in all the theaters, we have a broad customer base there. 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: And then just to get some more color on the bookings issue again we don't talk about from a quantitative point of view, but all the geographies except Japan will up in bookings last quarter. And Japan was absolutely expected to be down because in the past financial quarter. 
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Capital Group: All right and I was just North America, where the telco was pushed out? 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct. 
Erik Suppiger - Signal Hill Capital Group: Very good, thank you. 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. 
Operator: Mark Sue, your line is open. Please state your company name and you may ask your question. 
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: Hi, it's RBC Capital Markets. Just on the service provider deal slippage. Was it one or was that more than some a couple of carriers in North America? Was it all 8800, and were there more stochastic [ph] from competitors or is just greater time for evaluations? If you could just help us with granularity there? 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, it was just few and some of them did involve the 8800 as well. And that it tends to be involve this in some other carrier. We also did see some slippage with the Nokia type relationship, and Ericsson which was some as well, but most of it was in North America and some was 8800. 
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: And if it's just one quarter? 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: The deals are still ongoing. 
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: I see, but you are confident that those things will close this quarter, would be is pretty high? 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: That was forecast done... in the forecast it was. 
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: Got it. And then separately John, just on churns and deal sizes, as we are going to finish the fiscal year end, and I'll see the comment on that and also how you can... how you feel about headcount growth translating directly into revenue growth? 
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer: Yes. On the deal sizes, we end up with the introduction of 8800 and the uptake of 8400. We are seeing it go up. So it's moving north to 160,000 for us now. 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, on the sales productivity and hiring and investment, the key really is that what's the number going to be, once at sales people in particular and in the company more than six months and what range we tend to have there. So we are still looking at that. But the very fact that we will continue to hire gives an indication of how we believe the strategy is going. 
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: Got it. And you feel like your success rate for your hires have been so far so good? 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we are happy with the overall hiring, yes. 
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: That's helpful. Thank you gentlemen. 
Operator: Paul Mansky, your line is open and please state you company name. 
Paul Mansky - Citigroup Global Markets: Yes. It's a Citigroup. Most of my questions has been answered. But I would like to just get some clarification on Montreal if I could. Are you expecting revenue contribution in your December '07 quarter? 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: In the Dec '07... we are target from... the end of this year, end of this calendar year. So it's going to be touch and go passive... to be passively trying between will we get some revenue in Dec or if it's going to slip a few weeks to January. But it's in that space and it's on-track for that. I don't want to be too specific when we are talking about weeks on a major, major project. 
Paul Mansky - Citigroup Global Markets: Yes absolutely, understandable. Great, thank you very much. 
Operator: Matt Robison, your line is open. Please state you company name and you may ask your question. 
Matt Robison - Ferris Baker Watts: Ferris Baker Watts. I will start with my usual question; DevCentral number of users? 
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer: That were 17,429. 
Matt Robison - Ferris Baker Watts: So up about 2100 then 
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer: That's correct. 
Matt Robison - Ferris Baker Watts: And Andy what was the cash flow from option exercise, or was it so pretty small given that you've switched to shares? 
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer: No it was just over $9 million and we had a... it's in-place stock purchase plan exercise what we think kind of drove that this quarter. 
Matt Robison - Ferris Baker Watts: Okay. Can you guys comment on the tone of business in terms of infrastructure buys for the data centers or the big internet content providers. 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think, it continues. No question... 
Matt Robison - Ferris Baker Watts: Do you see acceleration in all this, big data centers then put up around the rivers up in new part of the world? 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. No, I think that that's absolutely a kind of good market for us and that's why... and complexity and performance seems to be the key buying criteria and product for the 8800 leap. So that's a big opportunity for us I think, as we move into fiscal '08. 
Matt Robison - Ferris Baker Watts: Is that... do you think that... is that then growing faster than the rest of revenue or is it something you're looking more forward to. 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, it's too early to tell. We basically do our business in three main areas; the enterprise, telco and then if you like the big dotcoms. And all three, we expect to see grow. 
Matt Robison - Ferris Baker Watts: I think in the past you have talked about those dotcom's as a segment, centrally little more than you did today. Is that... am I remembering that wrong or I think you called it the technology? 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, and we still do. And we still do, we still call that. That's part of our technology vertical. 
Matt Robison - Ferris Baker Watts: Right and that was as strong as the other businesses? 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we'll give you number. 
Unidentified Company Representative: It's 19%. 
Matt Robison - Ferris Baker Watts: 19%. 
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes. 
Matt Robison - Ferris Baker Watts: Okay, thank you. 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. 
Operator: Richard Sherman, your line is open. Please state your company name and you may ask your question. 
Richard Sherman Jr. - MKM Partners: Yes, hi good afternoon. It's MKM Partners. Just couple ones; as you go through the cash flow guidance at about $40 million, that was for sure north of $160 million for that year. Is that correct? 
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer: Well, you did hear correctly in excess of $40 million. I am not sure of the total off the top of my head. 
Richard Sherman Jr. - MKM Partners: Okay. Thank you and then -- 
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer:
Strong cash flow generation:
Richard Sherman Jr. - MKM Partners: Absolutely and then on the R&D, and your operating expense is obviously, in the last quarter you were talking about 60, 80 and now you are seeing the higher end, in the 100 to 120 range. If you just look at the R&D number, then there is a lots of support and sales hiring going on. It looks like R&D isn't creeping up in the last four quarters as a percentage of revenue. When might that start to turn and you start to see better leverage off of the R&D investment. Is that around Montreal, is that the next break point where we might actually see R&D to be just where it was as a percentage of revenue? 
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer: I think, what we will do it as we talk about the past is look at our roadmap and our project and what we want to accomplish and we are going to hire accordingly to keep technology leadership and that's always been our strategy. 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: We believe technology leadership is the absolutely key and I don't see a scenario where we back off in our investment in R&D. 
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer: Yes, and Rich it is just about $160 million for the year, based on my guidance. 
Richard Sherman Jr. - MKM Partners: Okay, very good. So and just back on the R&D question, is there a target number that you're looking at in terms of R&D or are we thinking 35% to 36% of revenue or whether you expect to see... I guess simple question is, do you expect a continued increase as a percentage of revenue? 
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer: If we look at last quarter, the people we added, 30 of them were in R&D. We had a focus hiring there and yes, I think we're going to continue to invest. We don't have a specific target. Really it's around, our strategic objective accomplishing our roadmap, keeping technology leadership. So next quarter, when we give kind of our annual talk about... annual calls, when we guidance for fiscal year 2008, we'll give you some more color on what our targets, we expect there. 
Richard Sherman Jr. - MKM Partners: Very good, I mean it's just 30 and then 13, excuse me. Okay. And then maybe just lastly on the telco deal that you've talked about earlier. Have any of those close early in the quarter? 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we wouldn't talk about that. But as I said in the call, we expect a number of the deals, most of them actually that we saw slippage tightly closed during the quarter. 
Richard Sherman Jr. - MKM Partners: Very good. Thank you John. 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Manny Recarey, your line is open. Please state your company name and you may ask your question. 
Manuel Recarey - Kaufman Brothers: Kaufman Brothers. Good Afternoon. One question; can you give a little color on the security market? I mean is that still one that has lot of potential with some... it hasn't really start to accelerate growth or do you see that starting to accelerate soon? 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: First of all, there are two areas to security matter. One is the application of firewall the ASM, application security module. That's an interesting product in the sense that is a bit like web accelerator. Runs into a BIG-IP and it performs out security function at the application we are and it leverages a wall [ph] of the BIG-IP sale. So, when we talk about the sales in that and when we talk about price of the module, we typically don't include leverage sales which might be used for other things. So the... it is difficult to actually judge that market. But we see it as a major differentiator for it.  Regarding FirePass, which is a more access SFL BTN, I actually stated in my script that we had sequential growth in regard to some nice deals actually last quarter. We feel really great about competitive position, but the market and sales has proved to be somewhat lumpy, not growing tremendously over the last couple of years. And we don't see any major conferences going to change that in the attempt. So we like it, we like our competitive position, but it's certainly no as a robust a growth market as the other markets we are in. 
Manuel Recarey - Kaufman Brothers: Okay. Thank you. 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. 
Operator: Tim Long, your line is open. Please state your company name and you may ask your question. 
Jeffrey Goldberg - Banc of America Securities: Banc of America. Good afternoon guys this actually Jeff Goldberg dialing in for Tim. Couple of questions; I was hoping you provide some more color on the product revenue and service revenue, despite some new products looks like a product revenue has actually been decelerating on both the year-over-year and sequential basis for the last three quarters. Yet the service revenue experienced very strong trends. Can you talk about what's kind of strength in service revenue and why were seeing... we haven't seen a real improvement in the product revenue, despite new sales people and new products? And then, how important is growth in the security business in WANJet to your guidance and have there been any additional flaws in the buyback going forward? 
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer: First of all the service product revenue question. The service revenue is done by a number of things; the high tax rate, the high renewal rate and the professional services as we entered with a major deal. So that looks like its going to be a very strong business as per the foreseeable future and going to continue to grow. On the product revenue you are absolutely right, we were somewhat down last quarter. However, I think it's important to realize that the product bookings because of book-to-bills being less in one last quarter versus a great in the next quarter, has actually faster growth than the product revenue. Okay, so that's important. And then when you look at the forecast for this quarter, when we talk about the range, as we talked about then we are expecting some acceleration of product revenue growth as we move into Q4. So, I think that's very important to take as your guidance. 
Jeffrey Goldberg - Banc of America Securities: On the service revenue, how important is purchase of new software modules that's driving the service revenue and should we look at growth in that service revenue business as a sign the people are purchasing more and more modules and that's requiring service for installation? 
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer: I meanit's important, I don't think it's something you should link that with our service revenue growth was really good, you shouldn't make that assumption. That definition not means that the modules are going really well. We believe we're doing really well. But I just don't link them together, I don't see that and there's a service cost associated with the modules but it is also associated with the systems, that's only the correlation there.  I am sorry, what was the other question; one was buyback. I don't know if that was, but.., on buyback, we have stated in January that we had a big discussion at the Board level and we haven't had one really since, while we may have one in October, and that possibly likely. So the situation remains the same, which is we love that balance sheet, we are competing against fiscal. We want to some flexibilities, so nothing exactly in the short term in buyback. 
Jeffrey Goldberg - Banc of America Securities: and then just how much growth is needed from the security and the WANJet business to get to current numbers and I guess how you're thinking of those lines going forward. Is it more of an option or is it something that needs to really kick up to seeking growth in a way? 
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer: Right and again its quite competitive answer. So if you look at WAN  Optimization side, web accelerator is becoming a key differentiator for the BIG-IP sales. So from that perspective that is quiet important and we feel very good about the trend. WAN Optimization which is a WANJet product, in the short term is really not figuring in any big way in our forecast, and that's effectively what I have stated in the script.  And then FirePass again, we feel good about competitive position but we are a little bit vary because we have seen effectively two years of lumpiness. Again the bottom-line is when we look our growth drivers, the application delivery controller mark as a core BIG-IP, is the key one we look at. 
Jeffrey Goldberg - Banc of America Securities: Thanks guys. 
Operator: Rohit Chopra your line is open. Please state your company name and you may ask your question. 
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan: Wedbush Morgan. Good afternoon. Couple of questions, first one on the new WAN product. What is the initial target market, do you stay with the data center folks or do you go after the same market as Riverbed. And if you did that, should we expect some kind of increase in sales and marketing more than as anticipated right now? 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, first of all the WAN Optimization, I have to remember two sides just from our perceptive as Web Accelerator and then 1J. 1J which is the symmetric solutions of what you have a product to a branch and you have a products... in our branches and products in the data center. And that's absolutely focused against Riverbed. But in reality, where we stay non-competitive until we get on TMOS, we haven't been putting much attention on it. We will probably change that almost certainly when we move into fiscal '08, especially when we have our sales conference in October. From that perspective, we sell a lot to the people we sell to today. So it's in the data center, some times it's at the branch, but we are having no problem finding prospect. Web Accelerator, we actually think we have got technology lead there sitting on top of TMOS and there we tend to sell to the same people that would buy the Big-IP product. 
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan: Okay. And then the other question was back to service providers, again, you mentioned some wireless companies. Where there any wireline deals that may have slipped as well or --? 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Tom Hull is nodding at me. Yes, there was [ph], but we are not going to go into specific details of deals that slipped. 
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan: Okay, thank you. 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, thanks Rohit. 
Operator: Brent Bracelin, your line is open. Please state your company name and you may ask your question. 
Brent Bracelin - Pacific Crest Securities: Pacific Crest Securities. A couple of kind of follow-up questions for me. One on obviously acceleration in pace of hires here. Where are you looking to redeploy kind of additional resources? Is it wireline, wireless, kind of the core enterprise or security? Just a little color on where you guys is applying from of those additional resources or plan to apply the resources? And then, secondarily, just looking at kind of traditional seasonality and looking at kind of your guidance here, could you just talk a little bit about kind of the positive swing factors that you look at that could drive upside to your guidance relative to historical seasonality that is a little stronger? And then also what are the negative swing factors that you guys are considering as you kind of enter your fiscal year end here? 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, yes. So first of all resources. We are hiring across the board. Specifically, I think you were focusing on sales there. We are hiring globally. I mean Tom Hull's management team are all constantly requesting headcount. And we are giving them it, maybe not always as much as they want, but we are, and that's... so from a geographic point of view, we are hiring in all the major geographies. And then when you look at each geography, when looking at the large dotcom type fraternity, we are hiring in service provider world and we are putting more focus on the enterprise. So it's really across the board. I wouldn't say it was one vertical more than another. But... and you were asking the question about when we look at our forecast, what's the swing factors that we look at. Well, first of all, Q4 tends to be historically strong for us. It's the end of the financial year, it's when sales people are pushing hard to get to the sales quarter club that we have. You tend to, from a budget point of view, see a very strong Japan, you tend to see a very strong Federal. We have historically seen strong U.S. enterprise and service providers as well before they move into the end of the calendar year. EMEA tends to be slightly in the weaker side because of the summer. So we take that into account. I think I mentioned Federal fiscal year end, and then we did take into account the pipeline. Pipeline and both are up [ph] full count are actually the two key measurements that we look at. 
Brent Bracelin - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay. 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Does that answer the question? 
Brent Bracelin - Pacific Crest Securities: Yes, I mean obviously as you look at kind of historical seasonality, it's been a little higher than what your guidance was. And I don't know if there was anything kind of from a challenge standpoint or hurdle standpoint that you're kind of baking in to kind of your numbers, or again is it partially being kind of conservative here? 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we'll see. We'll see how it all transpires. The actual guidance we have given is actually quite higher than normal. If you check out our guidance of last year and previous quarters, you'll find out our guidance is actually higher. And we'll see how the quarter ends up. 
Brent Bracelin - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay, fair enough. Thank you. 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Ryan Hutchinson, your line is open. Please state your company name and you may ask your question. 
Ryan Hutchinson - WR Hambrecht + Co: WR Hambrecht. Good afternoon guys. I have a follow up to an earlier question. Just in terms of the guidance, as we look out here, based on your commentary, John, is it fair to assume that the product revenue grows at a faster pace than the services revenue in the quarter? 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: We didn't comment on that, but we definitely expect to see acceleration in the product revenue growth. I'll leave it at that. 
Ryan Hutchinson - WR Hambrecht + Co: Okay. And then it looks like there is some... not necessarily an issue, but some share shift perhaps within your distributors. Your two largest historical distributors are down sequentially. Can you just walk us through what the dynamics there are? 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Again, no major dynamic happened. 
Andy Reinland - Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer: Yes, I mean Tech Data, which is the distributor there has newly come on above 10%, and their biggest reseller is Dell. And in turn, they are our biggest value-added reseller, and not business is driving and growing and that was the result. 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. 
Ryan Hutchinson - WR Hambrecht + Co: But, okay, I guess the question is there a share shift going from Ingram Micro to Avnet or any changes in those relationships? 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, we haven't seen a change in relationship or any trends. I mean they are all... those three that we talked about very intensely [ph], they are key, key partners for us. They have all been attendants at the event we are having right now and they are really very strategic for us. So I wouldn't read anything significant into that. 
Ryan Hutchinson - WR Hambrecht + Co: Okay, fair enough. And then finally, just as we look at the WANJet product again here, adding disk-based caching, coordinated on to TMOS, do you feel that that puts you on an equal footing with some of the competition there and if so, when should we see a meaningful uptick in that revenue stream? And if not, what additional features are needed to put you on par with some of the competition? 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I don't think it puts us on equal footing. It would be wrong to imply that. It puts us in a much stronger footing than we are today, and I also gather some differentiation because it's on TMOS. So from that perspective, I think if you look at where we are at, we can definitely see some growth coming. But the reality is we think it's going to be towards the middle of the fiscal year '08 where we get in a strong competitive position. Some of that is to add some more protocol, that type of stuff. But we do expect to see some growth from that market. The good thing for us is that we can be reasonably patient because our core business is growing and we have got Web Accelerator that's growing and accelerating... pardon the pun... as well, so. But really, realistically, I think you'll see some growth because of TMOS, but from a competitor position in terms of being very, very strong, we think it's going to be the middle of the fiscal. 
Ryan Hutchinson - WR Hambrecht + Co: Okay, great. Thanks. That's it from me guys. 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Cameron Cooke, your line is open. Please state your company name and you may ask your question. 
Cameron Cooke - Janco Partners: Janco Partners. I just wanted to get back to the sales cycle question a little bit. Does the move to a chassis-based architecture on Montreal affect the sales cycle at all? Can you speak a little bit about that? 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't think that'll be very, very significant. It may do in the sense that we do expect the size of the opportunity to get bigger and some times that can affect decision making. But it's the same people we are selling to, it's the same value proposition, it's the same market. So I don't think it'll be very... I don't think it will be that significant. As I've said in previous calls, and we've seen this with the 80, 100 [ph], when you've got a flagship product where we have 80, 100 [ph] today and we will have with Montreal where you get effectively no competition for it, that tends to drag the other products faster. So in other words, as customer will buy a 6800 because they know they have a lot of headroom going up. So it tends to actually increase the overall momentum by having a very, very competitive flagship product. 
Cameron Cooke - Janco Partners: And would you consider this as big a change as Buffalo Jump was for you guys back in '04, '05? 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Interesting question. I don't know if it's quite a change, but it's certainly... it's a real... I think... we think game winner in terms of how competitive it is from a leadership point of view. But it's a difficult comparison because one was a total rearchitecture for the whole product line change, the other... Montreal was where you are adding at the top end of your range. 
Cameron Cooke - Janco Partners: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Bill Choi. Please tell your company name and you may ask your question. 
Bill Choi - Jefferies & Company: Okay, that's Jefferies & Company. First, a clarification, just the modules both security and acceleration, those module revenues are properly categorized in security and web acceleration as given, or are they included in ATM? 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hello? 
Bill Choi - Jefferies & Company: Did you hear the question? 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we think that's correct, they're included. 
Bill Choi - Jefferies & Company: Okay. All right. And then just to follow up on that distribution, does all Dell revenue go through Tech Data? 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I have to say all. I mean there may be some that we are not aware of globally that doesn't, but you should consider the absolute majority goes through Tech Data. 
Bill Choi - Jefferies & Company: Okay. And then a bigger picture question. I know that you guys are just underway with 8800 and Montreal coming in at the end of the calendar year, but can you just talk a little bit about the product roadmap for next year? So what comes after Montreal? 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's interesting. We haven't talked about that. We actually have a lot of products on the roadmap that we have not talked about. We will do that actually in October and then we'll do that in a lot more detail on an analyst day that we'll arrange pretty soon after October in the November timescale. So we haven't actually made that public yet. I mean obviously talking now, you've got heads up on it. But that's where we'll go through our product roadmap in a lot of detail because we actually have a roadmap that effectively replaces just about every product we've got on the drawing board right now. So that's pretty exciting as well. But we'll give you that detail as we move into the fiscal. 
Bill Choi - Jefferies & Company: Okay, thanks. 
John McAdam - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. All right, I think that's the last question. So thanks again for calling in and we'll talk to you next quarter. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect from the audio portion of today's call.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-04-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-01-24 16:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: John Eldridge - Director of IR   John McAdam - President and CEO   Andy Reinland - Senior VP and CFO   Dan Matte - Senior VP of Marketing 
Analysts: Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray   Jiong Shao - Lehman Brothers   Samuel Wilson - JMP Securities   Erik Suppiger - Pacific Growth Equities   Matt Robison - Ferris, Baker Watts   Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan   Ranjini Chandirakanthan - ThinkEquity   Brent Bracelin - Pacific Crest Securities   Jennifer Tennenbaum - RBC Capital Markets   Cameron Cooke - Janco Partners   Kim Martin - J.P. Morgan   Bill Choi - Jefferies & Company   Tim Long - Banc of America Securities   Gabe Larry - Unterberg   Manny Recarey - Kaufman Brothers   Steven Freitas - BMO   Chan Zhoi - WR Hambrecht 
Operator: Good afternoon. Welcome to F5 First Quarter Financial Results. All parties will be on a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin. 
John Eldridge: Thank you Angie, and welcome to our first quarter fiscal 2007 conference call. Speakers on today's call are John McAdam, President and CEO; Andy Reinland, Senior VP and Chief Finance Officer; John Rodriguez, Senior VP and Chief Accounting Officer; Julian Eames, Senior VP of Business Operations and Global Services; Tom Hull, Senior VP of Worldwide Sales; Dan Matte, Senior VP of Marketing; and Karl Triebes, Senior VP of Product Development and our CTO are also with us to answer questions following our prepared comments.  If you don't have a copy of today's press release, it is available on our website www.f5.com. In addition, you can access an archived version of today's live webcast from the events calendar page of our website till April 25th, from 4:30 pm today until 5:00 pm Pacific Time January 25th, you can also listen to a telephone replay at 800-284-5340 or 402-998-1028.  During today's call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements which include words such as belief, anticipate, expect, and target. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our quarterly release and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call.  Before we begin, I want to remind that F5 will host a meeting for analysts and investors at the Grand Hyatt in New York City on Wednesday, February 7th, from 8:00 am to noon. If you would like to attend this event and haven’t already registered, please contact Carolyn Burkhardt at 206-272-6590. If you have any questions regarding the meeting or today's call, please direct them to me at 206-272-6571.  Now, I will turn the call over to Andy Reinland. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Andy Reinland: Thank you John. During the first quarter of fiscal 2007, we achieved revenue of $120 million, above our guided range of $116 to $118 million. This represents an increase of $8.3 million or 7% from the prior quarter and a 36% increase from the first quarter a year ago. Book to bill for the quarter was greater than 1. In the Americas, revenue grew 13% quarter-over-quarter and accounted for 60% of total revenue. EMEA revenue grew 6% sequentially and accounted for 17% of revenue. Japan, which accounted for 12% of revenue and APAC, which accounted for 11% were both down slightly from the prior quarter.  Revenue from telcos and services providers was 20%. U.S. Federal accounted for 6%. We had two greater than 10% distributors, Avnet which accounted for 14.1% of revenue and Ingram Micro which accounted for 11.8%. Product revenue represented 77% of the total mix and service revenue was 23%. WAN optimization and acceleration revenue was $2.4 million, security revenue was $9.7 million.  Before I go into expenses and margins, I wanted to remind everyone that our results are GAAP based unless specifically defined otherwise. For Q1, our gross margin was 78%. Operating expenses in Q1 were $66.4 million, within our guided range. Included in these expenses are $2.5 million in legal and accounting fees related to our recently completed options inquiry. Also, stock-based compensation expense was $8.1 million in operating expenses and $600,000 in cost of goods sold. Excluding stock-based compensation, our operating margin was 30%.  Our tax rate for the quarter was 33%, below our 42% guidance. The difference was primarily due to a one time benefit as a result of the R&D tax credit reinstated by Congress. Our effective tax rate excluding stock-based compensation was 31%. Net income was $22.4 million or $0.53 per diluted share, above our guidance of $0.43 to $0.45 per share, reflecting our strong revenue results, as well as the benefit of our lower tax rate.  During the first quarter, we continue to strengthen our balance sheet. Cash flow from operations was $46.8 million and we ended the quarter with $545 million in cash and investments. Reflecting the strong growth of our services business, deferred revenue increased 14% to $68.7 million at quarter end. DSO was 50 days consistent with prior quarters and our Q1 guidance. Inventories were $5.7 million.  Capital expenditures for the quarter were $2.6 million, and depreciation and amortization expense was $3.6 million. We added 85 people in Q1, ending the quarter with approximately 1,155 full-time employees.  Moving on to the outlook. For the second quarter of fiscal 2007, we are forecasting revenue in the range of $124 million to $126 million. We expect gross margin in the 77% to 78% range, including approximately $0.5 million in stock-based compensation expense. We expect operating expenses between $70.5 million to $73.5 million. This includes approximately $11 million of stock-based compensation expense.  The increase in stock-based compensation expense reflects grants to executives and new employees. Annual grants to executives had been differed during the options enquiry. Going forward, we anticipate grants to executives and employees, with the exception of new hires to be awarded on the same day. Our target date for these grants is August 1st. We expect our tax rate going forward to be 39%. Excluding stock-based compensation, our effective tax rate would be 35%.  As we stated on last quarters call, we expect to begin paying US federal income taxes during the quarter and estimate a cash payment of approximately $10 million. Our earnings target is $0.44 to $0.46 per share. We will continue to invest in the growth of the business, and anticipate adding between 100 and 120 employees this quarter. We estimate DSOs will be consistent with the quarter just ended, at or around 50 days. We expect inventory levels within a range of $6 million to $8 million. And we believe we will continue to generate cash flow from operations in excess of $30 million.  With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam. 
John McAdam: Thanks Andy, and good afternoon everyone. I was very pleased with our start to fiscal year 2007. In Q1, we saw a solid sequential revenue growth in our three main product lines -- Application Traffic Management, Security and WAN optimization. Our core market, the Application Delivery Controller market continues to be very robust and represented approximately 90% of the quarterly revenue. From a geographic perspective, the America's led the way with a solid 15% sequential increase in revenue. EMEA also delivers sequential increase in revenue. Japan and APAC were down slightly from the previous quarter, though we expect to see a continuation of sequential growth in this coming quarter from Japan and APAC, and I will talk about that later in the outlook discussion.  Our overall services business continues to grow from strength-to-strength, with total deferred revenue increasing by almost $9 million to almost $69 million entering the quarter. From a technology perspective, I believe, we continue to increase our competitive advantage, especially in our core Application Delivery Controller market. Our new flagship product, the BIG-IP 8800 has been released from data phase to manufacturing and will be available for customer shipments in this coming quarter. Along with the new high end 8800 platform comes a very significant new release of our TMOS operating system. This new version of TMOS comes with a wealth of new features and improved performance. Formal announcements of these technologies and popular training will take place during this quarter. This is our first release with the software architecture required from Montreal, including clustered multiprocessing technology. Embedding with the new high end 8800 platform, the clustered multiprocessing version of TMOS has enabled us to deliver leading edge performance and throughput, way ahead of our competitors. We have seen improvements such as 50% faster layer 7 performance over our coming high end 8400. We are also seeing SSL and compression throughput improvement of up to 100% with the new 8800. Clearly making it the undisputed leader in the marketplace today. In addition, the new software enables true virtualization allowing customers to create discrete partitions and administrative domain on a single system to manage central applications for multiple business units.  I will not go into any more detail on our product roadmap as we intend to provide a comprehensive overview at our Investor Analyst Meeting in New York on February 7. However, I would like to mention another key product milestone that we achieved last quarter. As we have articulated in several previous calls, our overall solution strategy is based on the functionality, performance, and modularity of our TMOS architecture. Over the last year, we added software modules including Global Traffic Manager, Link controller, ASM or Application Security Manager, and WebAccelerator. Previously, these solutions could only have been implemented by purchasing standalone hardware appliances. We have also indicated our intention to add FirePass and WANJet, solutions running on TMOS. All of these solutions are products, which we acquired or developed internally.  During the first quarter, we took a major step in a new direction with the introduction of our messaging security module MSM. MSM has been created in partnership with Secure Computing to deliver an anti-spam solution that will blowup unwanted e-mail at the edge of the network. MSM can eliminate up to 70% of spam e-mail before it reaches existing anti-spam systems. The BIG-IP MSM module leverages the reputation data from Secure Computing trusted source identity engine. This is very significant as it is the first time we offer the solution of top of TMOS, most of which was developed externally. We are seeing keen interest for the MSM solution and have already taken orders for the product.  As far as the Q2 outlook is concerned, Andy indicated that we continue to see sequential growth in our business. The overall prospect pipeline remains very strong and each geography is forecasting sequential growth with Japan forecasting the strongest growth given the fact that is -- this is the financial yearend. Growth forecasting in Americas and APAC is more modest in line with typical seasonality. Included in the Americas forecast is the federal business, which we do expect to be down sequentially similar to last year. We also expect to see continued growth in our services business. As I stated in the last quarter’s conference call, we believe our core market in application delivery networking is very robust and currently has a number of growth drivers that should maintain growth opportunities throughout 2007. Trends such as data center consolidation, virtualization and service-oriented architectures in the enterprise, combined with the increased traffic with video, mobile and Voice over IP traffic in the service provider segment, all contribute to growth opportunities for our application delivery networking solutions. For that reason, we remain committed to our growth strategy and as Andy earlier, we're planning to add between 100 to 120 new members to the F5 team during this current quarter. I would like to thank the entire F5 team and their partners for their efforts in Q1, and with that will hand the call over for Q&A. Could we have Q&A please? 
Operator: Thank you. 
John McAdam: Thank you. 
Operator: Troy Jensen, please state your company name and you may ask your question. 
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: Yeah, Piper Jaffray. Good afternoon gentlemen. A quick question Andy, could you go over some of the guidance numbers again, specifically the stock-based option expense based on the operating lines? 
Andy Reinland: Yeah, in the operating expenses, it is going to be $11 million of stock-based comp, and in COGS, it is going to be $0.5 million. 
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: Okay gotcha. So if I run these numbers, can I assume it more towards the top-end of the range, so that gets to about $0.65 pro forma, does that sound roughly correct? 
Andy Reinland: Yes, roughly. 
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Okay perfect. And then John, can you talk about the 8800, any sense that customers may have been waiting for that product at all or maybe give us some insight on how the 8400 performed in the December quarter? 
John McAdam: Yeah, I mean when I talked last quarter about the beta test was going on. We had approximately 40 beta sites. So there is clearly an interest in the product. Whether they were waiting on not, I don’t think that’s a specific issue actually. And in terms of 8400, we did see good demand for that. We don’t give out the actual numbers by product, but we did see good demand, especially in the sort of Internet cum service providers market as well as the high-end enterprise. 
Troy Jensen - Piper Jaffray: Got it. Alright, gentleman, keep up the good work. 
John McAdam: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Jiong Shao, your line is open. Please state your company name and you may ask your question. 
Jiong Shao - Lehman Brothers: Lehman Brothers. Thank you very much. A couple of questions, first question is on the stock comp as well. Could you just remind us how that will work? The vesting period for employees and executives and you say you're going once a year, you does that pro rata into every quarter and exactly how that work? And, you have only $0.5 million stock comp level this current quarter? Is that going to be sort at a level going forward or you think it may trade off or trend up? So, that’s the first question. And second question, I was hoping you can talk a little bit about your progress? 
John McAdam: Yeah in terms of the stock comp, the increase -- in fiscal 2006 because of the enquiry, we didn’t give any stock awards, which is by the way restricted stock, I should say that, to executive. So, we actually did -- the Board agreed to do that last quarter, hence you are seeing the increase. We also give stock compensation for new hires, not for every new hire, but depending on the new hire position, so we do that. And that will clearly continue as we hire aggressively. It's typically done on an annual basis, as Andy said; it will be done in August 1st next year. What was the other question? 
Andy Reinland: About, which we don’t update on future quarters John, but I would say that in my comments, I talked about that we anticipate awards going out on August 1, and we will just have to see how that effects the run-rate on the expense because there is number of variables of factor into that as you know as stock price variation, volatility, realization. 
Operator: Thank you. Samuel Wilson. Please state your company name and you may ask your question. 
John McAdam: Hello? 
Operator: Thank you. Samuel Wilson, your line is open. 
Samuel Wilson - JMP Securities: Is the line open now? Hello? 
Andy Reinland: It is there, we can hear you now, Sam 
Samuel Wilson - JMP Securities: Here we go, good afternoon gentlemen. Just, can you discuss linearity in the December quarter and generally how was in versus previous December quarters? And second, just give an update on the telco business, and what you are seeing there, and sort of just color around how that’s been proceeding? Thank you. 
Andy Reinland: Yes so, linearity in the September quarter was 47%. And over the last couple of quarters, that’s been pretty comparable you look at year ago, and that was a pretty big improvement. 
John McAdam: Actually, that’s 47% in the last month. 
Andy Reinland: In the last month of the quarter. 
Samuel Wilson - JMP Securities: Got it. 
John McAdam: In terms of the telco business? 
Dan Matte: Yes, Sam this is Dan. From the telco, we saw obviously a change from 25% in the previous quarter down to 20% this quarter, which was something we’d signaled on the prior call, when you are going into the holiday season that the service providers were locking down their networks, from that standpoint. But in terms of the applications that were being used for, we are really, really pleased with the types of penetration we are getting there. Seeing us being used in mobile data optimization applications lots of Voice over IP and its implementations in the cable area. So, overall, quite pleased with our progress in that vertical. 
Samuel Wilson - JMP Securities: Terrific. Thank you, very much gentlemen. 
Operator: Thank you, Erik Suppiger, your line is open. Please state your company name, and you may ask your question. 
Erik Suppiger - Pacific Growth Equities: Good afternoon. Couple of things, first of, just on the stock comp, the $11 million, can you give us a break-out on how that would correlate with the three line items? 
Andy Reinland: We haven’t done that Erik, we are looking to that, and we would make a decision later about how we are going to disclose the breakout, but I don’t have in front of me right now, and we haven’t given that out. 
Erik Suppiger - Pacific Growth Equities: Okay. Secondly, Europe has been a very strong performer for you in the past December quarters. It was up, but it wasn’t up as much this year. Is there anything going on in Europe? 
John McAdam: Yeah, we did see a little bit of a slowdown in the UK actually. Nothing, we don’t think there is anything systemic there and in fact we expect UK to have a fairly strong business result this current quarter. But what we did see was less of the larger deals in the UK, and that did have some more of an impact. 
Erik Suppiger - Pacific Growth Equities: Okay. And then lastly, on a Telco front. Where do you think, we had was -- should we look at the previous quarter as it normally coming in at 25%? Or where do you think, we might want to start modeling that as we look forward? 
John McAdam: There is a tough -- that’s tough to tell because all the aspects of our business are growing. But probably in the range of 20% to 25% is where it’s going to be sitting in the medium term. 
Erik Suppiger - Pacific Growth Equities: Any thoughts in terms of visibility, as we go into March? Do you think you might have a rebound? You said holidays cause a pause, do that comeback this quarter? 
John McAdam: Nobody say by percentage, because that’s a tough call. But we do expect that Telco business to be up sequentially in this current quarter. 
Erik Suppiger - Pacific Growth Equities: All right, very good. Thank you. 
John McAdam: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Matt Robison, your line is open. Please state your company name and you may ask your questions. 
Matt Robison - Ferris, Baker Watts: Congratulations guys. Question is how much cash from options? 
John McAdam: From options? 
Matt Robison - Ferris, Baker Watts: Options exercise? 
John McAdam: Yeah, it was just over $7 million. 
Matt Robison - Ferris, Baker Watts: Okay. Usual question. How many DevCentral users? The comparable number I guess is 11,500? 
Dan Matte: Yeah, Matt, this is Dan. It’s over 13,000 this past quarter, and also we had about 3,500 downloads of the iRule Editor, as well. 
Matt Robison - Ferris, Baker Watts: Okay. Is there or this maybe kind of a tough question, since you probably have a lot of mixed applications running on your new sales but, if as can you characterize how much your business in the core sales, you would attribute to the server proxy type of role versus more traditional load balancing? 
John McAdam: I'll start and Dan can maybe give more detail, but the answer is quite significant. So in other words if you look it with usage model of the customers, as soon as you start iRules, as soon as you have any sort of iControl type capability, you are moving away from simple load balancing and you at looking application optimization and security, so I don't have an exact percentage, but we know it is pretty high. 
Dan Matte: Yeah, Matt, we did last quarter actually a survey of our DevCentral users and some of the results that came back were some indicators, as John mentioned, whose is using iRules and what percentage of the respondents were using it. And we found that over half had iRules in production on their systems out there. And, so those people certainly would be taking advantage of the higher level functionality and adding more and more value to apps as they flow back and forth across BIG-IP in that case. 
John Eldridge: The DevCentral guys would almost by definition the iRules uses everything 
Dan Matte: A lot of it. 
John McAdam: Plus the other -- no complication for other extra that takes away from load balancing which is a software modules. So, any BIG-IP is typically running software modules is doing much more than load balancing. 
Matt Robison - Ferris, Baker Watts: In this part of your commentary, the Secure Computing was an interesting announcement you had in the quarter. What was - where should we expect you to go with other iRules applications like that, that you going to package up and productize to work with complementary equipment? 
Andy Reinland: There are many -- so in general we are always looking at what sort of additional appliances we can in essence turn into iRules and execute on the BIG-IP, more on top of TMOS more precisely. So when we look at that, there are lot of different things, how do you measure performance, what additional things can we do for security, there are many, many areas that -- that we're looking at Matt to try and follow-up on that. 
Matt Robison - Ferris, Baker Watts: Alright. I leave the floor and try to get into some of that stuff later on. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Rohit Chopra, your line is open. Please state your company name and you may ask your question. 
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan: Wedbush Morgan. Just a couple of questions, if you could talk about the competitive environment and pricing? And then, maybe address the issue of use of cash? I think on the last call, you indicated that there was a report going to be presented to the Board and the Board was going to make a decision sometime in early January, so I thought maybe it'll be a good time to ask that question. 
John McAdam: Yes. So first of all competitive landscape, really not seeing much change in the competitive landscape. If we are seeing any changes, we believe we are more competitive than we have ever been. I am talking specifically about the application delivery control market. We have -- with the new products we have been announcing, we've been leaving our competitors frankly in the dust. So no big changes there and that has had the impact you may expect in terms of pricing and gross margins as you could tell from the results, Andy talked about a very stable. We have indicated a number of times, but some of them are not labeled because we may want to use the flexibility moving forward. So I feel very good of competitive of our position.  Regarding the use of cash, we had a very detailed discussion with the Board at the last Board meeting in January. We looked at number of options. We have actually decided certainly for the medium term not to take any action right now. The main reason is that we are really in a very, very fast moving market here. We think that continued expansion opportunities and growth opportunities and we want to keep maximum flexibility so that we can take an opportunity if it presents itself. So, we actually haven’t decided really not to take any action. 
Rohit Chopra - Wedbush Morgan: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Ranjini Chandirakanthan, your line is open. Please state your company name and you may ask your question. 
Ranjini Chandirakanthan - ThinkEquity: Good afternoon, from ThinkEquity. Just curious on the feedback of integrating FirePass and WANJet in the TMOS, what are customers saying? 
John Eldridge: The response we have gotten has been very positive with FirePass on TMOS because it improves its performance significantly in a number of ways from concurrent user count to raw throughput. So -- and we are not talking about like 2x, we are talking about order of magnitude. The feedback has been very positive with regards to that. Their main question is when do I get it. 
Ranjini Chandirakanthan - ThinkEquity: Got it, what about WANJet? 
John Eldridge: WANJet same thing. It does enhance performance. It also gives it a lot of capabilities to work with our enterprise management system. And, so that’s been very positive as well. 
John McAdam: And we are going to pursue a lot of detail at the February 7 meeting. 
Ranjini Chandirakanthan - ThinkEquity: Okay great. And I guess just one last thing on the service provider market and competition. I know you have several partnerships with other telco vendor providers. I am curios if your competitors are doing the same thing, are they partnering with other or is it really just Cisco and Nortel with their own equipment in that area? 
Dan Matte: This is Dan. So I think it's still a primarily Cisco and Nortel in that area. We have really haven't seen any significant moves. Certainly in the past year with changes in partnerships and with other players out there, there are some older ones that have existed for sometime, but frankly we see those sort of dwindling in accordance. 
Ranjini Chandirakanthan - ThinkEquity: Thanks a lot. 
Andy Reinland: Thank you. 
Operator: Brent Bracelin your line is open. Please state your company name and you may ask your question. 
Brent Bracelin - Pacific Crest Securities: Pacific Crest Securities. Wanted to dig a little bit into the security business, it looks like this was a second quarter you saw a good sequential growth there. It looks like the best year-over-year growth in over a year. What do you think kind of is driving that? And could you talk a little bit about the pipeline in that market? And why you’re starting to see a rebound there? 
John McAdam: Well first of all it’s mainly FirePass that is the growth factor, and we are slowly but surely starting to see more moves toward SSL, VPN and an access technology, which is obviously a good sign. And do you want to add any more specifics? 
Andy Reinland: Yeah, absolutely Brent, so I think to follow on what John said FirePass certainly product improvements have driven a lot of the changes that we’ve seen just in terms of market adoption, in terms of where we are from a market share standpoints, and we’ve improved that significantly over the past four quarters, we are quite pleased with that. So, things keep margin along from that standpoint, as well as with some of the Application Security module coming on to that certainly helped us in the overall security areas. 
John McAdam: Yeah. And mobile as I have actually mentioned this in previous quarter, mobile is definitely a big driver of the FirePass solution. 
Brent Bracelin - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay. Great. So, you won’t attributing the change to kind of a industry changes or changes in pricing? It sounds like those are all specific things to associate with the FirePass product itself? 
John McAdam: Yes. No changes in pricing, but as Dan said, definitely changes in our competitive features. 
Brent Bracelin - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay. Great, and then, just one quick follow-up on the software module. Obviously, you spent some time to talk about kind of the MSN module growing interest in that. How would you gauge the interest in third-party software modules? Obviously, you don’t have to work with a lot of the third-party vendors. I mean, how willing are they to deport the TMOS and how much -- how long would it take to deport some of those modules to TMOS? 
Dan Matte: So again, this is Dan, Brent. From answer about the length of time question first. We’ve actually seen some examples where people frankly have been very surprised with how quickly they are able to get something across on to TMOS. Just the quality of the API that we have to be able to work with us, the software development kits, and all those types of stuff; you would have people say, I have budgeted a month, and it only took me about three or four days to get it done. So, that's great, in terms of the willingness to actually get something on top of it. So, lot of times people have solutions that are out there that customers will come back and say and like what your product does, but installing yet another appliance my data center is going to complicate my life, and make troubleshooting that much more difficult as another hub to my network, et cetera. So, we have actually a great vehicle to market, where some of these solutions and of course in those cases as well, there is a revenue sharing opportunity for them as well. So, I think lots of the incentives for them to cooperate with us. 
Brent Bracelin - Pacific Crest Securities: Great. Will look forward to ask you more questions next month. 
Dan Matte: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Mark Sue your line is open. Please state your company name and you may ask your question. 
Jennifer Tennenbaum - RBC Capital Markets: Hi, this is Jennifer Tennenbaum for Mark Sue, RBC Capital Markets. Just the house-keeping question, the 8 million stock compensation, will you break that out between three line items on operating expenses or you are not going to do that? 
John McAdam: Yeah no, we are not going to do that. 
Jennifer Tennenbaum - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then just could you talk about the federal government during quarter, what you saw there obviously it was up sequentially? 
John McAdam: Yes, well federal government was 6% -- contributed 6% of the revenues which is pretty positive that’s sort of higher and especially after the financial year end in another words, 6% in the December quarter is a pretty good number. I did say by the way that we expect the federal business to be down in this current quarter. But overall, we think it’s a good market, it’s a strong market as probably very under penetrated actually, and we would over time expect it to be similar to the growth of the enterprise business. 
Jennifer Tennenbaum - RBC Capital Markets: And then, just in up on Europe, which countries did you see kind of perform the strongest, in this current quarter? 
John McAdam: In Europe 
Jennifer Tennenbaum - RBC Capital Markets: Yeah. 
John McAdam: Yeah. So, I mentioned that UK had a little bit of a hick-up mainly with some of the big deals. Germany was pretty strong, Scandinavia this countries was pretty strong, southern Europe was good as well. 
Jennifer Tennenbaum - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Cameron Cooke, your line is open. Please state your company name and you may ask your question. 
Cameron Cooke - Janco Partners: Hi, I was wondering if you could just, the $11 million on the stock comp was that pre-tax and then the $8 million was tax affected, is that correct? 
John McAdam: The $8 million was the actual in our Q1; the $11 million is the expected in Q2. 
Cameron Cooke - Janco Partners: Okay. And then are those above the tax affected numbers? 
John McAdam: No, they are pre-tax. 
Cameron Cooke - Janco Partners: It's okay. And average deal size in the quarter? 
John McAdam: Pretty consistent with what it has been like approaching 160. 
Cameron Cooke - Janco Partners: Okay. 
John McAdam: Averaging wise. 
Cameron Cooke - Janco Partners: Thank you very much. 
John McAdam: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. [Kim Martin] your line is open. Please state your company name you may ask your question. 
Kim Martin - J.P. Morgan: Kim Martin for Ehud Gelblum with J.P. Morgan. First, I wanted to ask about now that you are rolling out introducing I guess 8800 and also migrating the WANJet and FirePass on to TMOS. Are you seeing any customers delayed purchases, any lay in demand building there? 
John McAdam: No, we really haven’t seen much of that and that’s a pretty historically we have been -- we have been good enough mainly because if you look at product line 8400 was best of breed in -- from a competitive nature. So, I don’t think that’s a significant fact in terms of delays. And certainly, we with WANJet to some degree, you could argue there is a belief in the sense that is not quite as competitive and not very clear last quarter. So, we are missing some competitive functionality that we will get with TMOS that Karl talked about like management capabilities. But I wouldn’t really call it delay more of the fact that we get more competitive. 
Kim Martin - J.P. Morgan: Okay, and then when you actually start rolling out the 8800, is that going to cannibalize the 8400, or do you think that allows you to penetrate a new market segment? 
John McAdam: I think it’s more a new market segment. 
Kim Martin - J.P. Morgan: Okay. 
John McAdam: Because it's part of a product range that’s already in place, it goes from a 1500 upwards 3400, 64, 68, 84, and now 88. 
Kim Martin - J.P. Morgan: Okay and then one more question on distribution. I think, I heard you say that Avnet was 14% of revenue, I haven’t heard Avnet on the distributor list before, and I also heard that I think GE Access come off, so can you talk a little bit about your distribution channels and how that’s changed? 
John McAdam: There is a very simple reason for that. 
Kim Martin - J.P. Morgan: Okay. 
Andy Reinland: So, this time, Avnet acquired GE Access recently. So that’s the reason for the change there. 
Kim Martin - J.P. Morgan: Thanks for reminding me of that. Thank you. 
Andy Reinland: Its, alright. 
Operator: Thank you. Bill Choi your line is open. Please state your company name and you may ask your question. 
Bill Choi - Jefferies & Company: Okay, it’s Jefferies & Company. First a clarification on the tax rate going forward. Is that 35% excluding stock options on a quarterly basis going forward or is that for the full fiscal year? 
Andy Reinland: It’s the quarterly rate that we think will hold through the year. 
Bill Choi - Jefferies & Company: Okay. So, the annual might be more like 32, 33 something around that rate? 
Andy Reinland: When you net -- it will be lower because of the one-time benefit we had this quarter, but I don’t know, I haven’t figured out exactly the annual rates. 
Bill Choi - Jefferies & Company: And so the rate that we still also use for fiscal ‘08 would be 35%? 
Andy Reinland: Yeah, '08? Yeah. 
Bill Choi - Jefferies & Company: Okay. Now the 8800, just wanted to dig into that a little bit more here. You anticipate the Telco business to be up sequentially. I would imagine that Telco segment you are also including the general service providers web hosting companies. Is that largely due to 8800 becoming generally available? 
Andy Reinland: Yeah, I think it’s larger than just what driven by that specific product. So the growth in that segment is, it would happen with whether the 8800 is there or not? 
John McAdam: Now, having said that the 8800 is an ideal solution for that market. 
John McAdam: Absolutely. 
Andy Reinland: But we think the market -- the growth is there anyway for our solutions. 
Bill Choi - Jefferies & Company: Have you guys noticed you’ve been beta testing it for a while, so everyone has been anticipating the GA of this product, noticed any pent-up demand, order rate so far into it and then just looking at this product overall, what kind of pricing premium are you anticipate getting here as you said the pricing and generally what percentage of the enterprise will need this kind of high-end box? How important is it versus just having a good enough box and perhaps what happen to prices going forward in 8400 or you going to reduce it at 8800 as it comes on board? Thanks. 
John McAdam: First of all what we’ve said is it finished beta is released to manufacturing, but we haven’t made the formal announcement of the product yet and we have a date for that, but that’s a date that will be made public when the day arrives and that's when we start training the press and we will also talk about pricing on, so we haven't done that yet. So, really we are not answering the question because that's all eminent and it's going to happen this quarter just we haven't specifically released the date. 
Bill Choi - Jefferies & Company: Any comment on the kind of the pent up demand you would anticipate on this product? 
John McAdam: Look, it’s our flagship product. It's at high end of the range and we expect it be into the high-end enterprises and high-end Telco and we will make sales of that product, and I think it will pool the rest of the engine to the accounts well. But we're not, in terms of specific numbers, no, we are not going to give that. We have not done that in the past. 
Bill Choi - Jefferies & Company: Yeah, okay. Thanks 
John McAdam: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Tim Long, your line is open. Please state your company name and you may ask your question. 
Tim Long - Banc of America Securities: As we are going from 72-73 to 65, so could you just talk a little bit about -- is that all the head count addition that we should think about? 
Andy Reinland: Interrupt, but we didn't hear the beginning of your question. 
Tim Long - Banc of America Securities: Sorry, I am sorry. The -- looking at pro forma numbers from December quarter to March quarter, it looks like 73 or so to 65, could you just quantify a little bit, is this is all pretty much all head count related or expecting a change in gross margin, first. And then, if you could just maybe just give us an update on status of Montreal as well, that will be great? 
Andy Reinland: Go ahead. In terms -- when you say 73 the number that you dropped, are you talking operating expenses or-- 
Tim Long - Banc of America Securities: I am talking pro forma EPS and for taking out the stock option expenses from the GAAP EPS. 
Andy Reinland: Are you also backing out legal from that, when you are looking forward? 
Tim Long - Banc of America Securities: No. 
Andy Reinland: If you are looking at the increase in stock comp it has about a $0.20 effect on the EPS, so. 
Tim Long - Banc of America Securities: Yeah. 
Andy Reinland: Yeah, so the guidance is -- our guidance is 44 to 46 on a GAAP basis so. 
Tim Long - Banc of America Securities: Okay. So on -- I guess the question is there on the GAAP basis, the downtick from this quarter is it all stock-option or is there anything on or is the headcount effecting the pure operating margin of the company? 
Andy Reinland: Yeah and it’s primarily tax base, if you are looking it on a GAAP basis it’s the tax which is about $0.04 on stock-base comp. 
Tim Long - Banc of America Securities: Okay. And then on just Montreal? 
Dan Matte: I just call, I can give you quick update on last conference call, we had stated that Montreal would release manufacturing at the end of the calendar year and we are on schedule for that right now. So, we continue to make progress against that goal. 
John McAdam: And we'll give you a much more detailed update on February 7th. 
Operator: Thank you. Gabe Larry, your line is open please state your company name and you may ask your question. 
Gabe Larry - Unterberg: Thank you. Unterberg, nice quarter. My questions have all been answered. Thank you. 
John McAdam: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Manny Recarey, your line is open. And please state your company name. 
Manny Recarey - Kaufman Brothers: Kaufman Brothers, good afternoon. Just one question, if I remember correctly on the -- your last conference call, you spoke about investments that you are going to make or did you see opportunity in the WAN optimization market and the effect it was going to have is lower your pro forma operating margin to from over 30% to under 30%. And this quarter the operating margin -- pro forma operating margin was about 30%. Just wondering if you can give any update on that? Do you still expect that to negative impact to happen? 
Andy Reinland: Yeah, it’s our expectation that over the course of the year, we trend down to the high 20s, but I would clarify it by saying that it wasn’t specifically attached to WANJet specifically, it was broad opportunity across the organization our core market what will be WANJet as well as FirePass. 
John McAdam: And obviously hiring a lot of sales and service people as well. 
Manny Recarey - Kaufman Brothers: Okay and then to big out performance in that in this quarter would be attributed to I guess the higher revenue? 
Andy Reinland: Yes. 
John McAdam: Yes. 
Manny Recarey - Kaufman Brothers: Okay. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you, Steven Freitas your line is open. Please state your company name and you may ask your question. 
Steven Freitas - BMO: Hi good afternoon it’s BMO. If my question is with several virtualization becoming more prevalent now, in enterprise data centers, I was wondering if you could discuss the complexity of load balancing virtual servers versus physical servers and in that Dane does the big IP natively load balance virtual servers today? 
Dan Matte: We actually, the big IP has been load balancing virtual servers for many, many years, I mean the fact that we are now applying this terminology virtualization, is independent of the capabilities the FirePass so, we don’t care if it’s a server, application, virtual servers it looks all the same to the big IP. And the fact to the matter what we are doing now is actually extending management capabilities to big IP the way to manage these different virtuals and virtual servers on the back end by different groups, as John mentioned in the administrative domains capabilities in his entry speech so. So, yeah -- so it’s something we natively have done, and continue to do very well. It’s one of our core competencies . 
Steven Freitas - BMO: Okay, very good. And then I guess on new platforms with lot of capacity coming on stream. Do you virtualize a partition capacity, can be a platform to that today? 
Andy Reinland: We have capabilities like rate shaping that can virtualize by virtue or by different capacities or whatever you want to -- how you want to divide up the resources in the system. We can manage it based on again this rate shaping functionality. 
Steven Freitas - BMO: Okay. Very good. And then just finally on the security revenue. Could you break that out or if you haven’t already between FirePass and APP Firewall? 
Andy Reinland: So, FirePass was 7.9 million this quarter and 1.8 the Application Firewall products. 
Steven Freitas - BMO: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. [Chan Zhoi], your line is open. Please state your company name and you may ask your question? 
Chan Zhoi - WR Hambrecht: Hi, this is Chan Zhoi, calling in Ryan Hutchison from WR Hambrecht. Just wondering if you can breakout worldwide government versus U.S. government? 
Andy Reinland: Yeah, worldwide was -- while total was 12% and federal was 6, so there is a little bit of state and local in that other six that is clicking in there. 
Chan Zhoi - WR Hambrecht: Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today question-and-answer session. I’d now like to turn the call back over to John McAdam for closing remarks. 
John McAdam: Okay. So thanks everybody and hopefully, we’ll see a number of you in February 7th and if not, we’ll talk to you next quarter. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today’s conference. You may now disconnect from the audio portion. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
