===== 2025 Q4  (2025-05-06 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for standing by. My name is Tamiya and I will be your conference operator today. Today's call is being recorded and all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. At this time for opening remarks, I would like to pass the call over to Jason Starr, Head of Investor Relations.
Jason Starr: Thanks, Tamiya, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Gen's fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2025 earnings call. Joining me today are Vincent Pilette, CEO, and Natalie Derse, CFO. As a reminder, there will be a replay of this call posted on the Investor Relations website along with our slides and press release. I'd like to remind everyone that during this call, all references to the financial metrics are non-GAAP and all growth rates are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. A reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP measures is included in our press release and earnings presentation, both of which are available on our IR website at investor.gendigital.com. We encourage investors to monitor this website as we routinely post investor-oriented information such as news and events and financial filings. Today's call contains statements regarding our business, financial performance, and operations, including the impact on our business and industry that may be considered forward-looking statements, and such statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions, and expectations as of today's date, May 6, 2025. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events. For more information, please refer to the cautionary statements in our press release and the risk factors in our filings with the SEC, and in particular, our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q. And now I'll turn the call over to Vincent.
Vincent Pilette: Thanks, Jason, and good afternoon, everyone. I appreciate you taking the time to be with us today as we share our Q4 results, review our fiscal year 2025 performance, and share our plans for the upcoming year. Fiscal 2025 was a transformative year for Gen, and our results demonstrate the significant progress we have made in driving accelerated growth in a profitable manner. We continued to execute on our strategy to delivering the best cyber safety solutions to our customers, investing to drive innovation across our portfolio, and growing our customer base, all while maintaining strong financial discipline. Q4 marks another quarter of mid-single digit top-line growth at 5%, a 23rd consecutive quarter of growth, another quarter of customer account growth, and double-digit growth in earnings. Our reliable and consistent executions may seem easy, but it is not, and I'm very proud of our team for their drive to protect our customers with passion and care every day. Natalie will walk you through the details of Q4 in a moment, but I would like to first summarize our fiscal 2025 financial results and further expand on our operating plans for this coming fiscal year. In fiscal 2025, total bookings was a record $4 billion, up 4% year-over-year, with revenue above the high end of our annual guidance. The growth was broad-based, driven across our core cyber safety offerings, security and privacy, as well as in identity theft protection, a market-leading trust-based solution. Our accelerating top-line growth was underpinned by a record non-GAAP operating margin of 58.4%, reflecting a strong cost control and continued operational efficiencies, including leveraging AI in and for our product portfolio. Non-GAAP EPS of $2.22 was also a record at 15% year-over-year and at the high end of our annual guidance. To round out these strong results, our business remains a robust cash flow generator, with unlevered free cash flow of nearly $2 billion. Throughout the year, we continued to delever, finishing Q4 with a net leverage of 3.2x EBITDA and an interest expense coverage ratio of over 4.5, representing a very comfortable financial debt position, especially considering our exceptionally strong operating margins and free cash flow generation. Mid-single-digit top-line growth, double-digit EPS gains, and net leverage reduced to nearly 3x EBITDA, as well as a record direct customer count, all demonstrate the significant progress we have made in achieving the long-term commitments shared at our Investor Day in 2023. More importantly, and beyond the financial results, consumers need our solutions given the dynamic threat landscape, which shows no signs of slowing. We are committed to increasing the pace of our innovation and expanding our geographic reach and channels to bring our cyber safety platform and trust-based solutions to everyone. During fiscal year 2025, the consumer cyber safety landscape continued to evolve, with AI-powered threats becoming increasingly sophisticated and widespread. AI is now used to generate scam websites, clone voices for scam calls, or create deepfakes for impersonation scams, like a romance scam. Accurate personalized scams, like deepfake WhatsApp video calls from a relative or colleague, are fueled by widespread breaches that give the threat actors new personal data. In the meantime, ransomware attacks are still very active and have evolved with attackers no longer just encrypting data, but now also using it to extort their victims. Our research shows incidents targeting consumers and very small businesses have more than doubled over the past year, with scams now accounting for over 80% of consumer cyber incidents. This underscores the critical need for smaller AI-driven anti-scam technologies that can analyze behavior in real time and stop attacks before they impact consumers. This year, we significantly enhanced our AI-driven threat detection capabilities, with key investments not only in enhancing our existing security engines, which now covers all Gen brands, but also in developing new engines to expand our protection leadership across additional channels, like SMS, emails, or phone calls. In Q4, we launched Genie Scam Protection in our Northern Cyber Safety products to help defend against phony calls, texts, emails, or websites. Northern Genie has significantly boosted our overall scam detection efficacy by as much as tenfold since its release. Genie marks a significant advancement in our threat detection and defense and is a true AI-powered cyber safety companion that not only proactively protects people, but also serves as a personal scam AI agent that educates and guides people on how to keep their data and assets safe. Our Northern 360 platform continues to resonate strongly in global markets, particularly as we added Genie Scam Protection, refreshed our user interface, and migrated our technology to our new GenStack. These enhancements not only improve the user experience but also enable faster innovation and a unified dataset across products and brands, allowing us to better personalize communications and product recommendations. With the Northern migration now essentially complete, we are focused on delivering an enhanced experience to Avast customers next. In parallel, our Identity Theft Protection products and solutions have contributed meaningfully to our Fiscal Year 2025 growth, with increased demand for LifeLock following tightened consumer awareness after major breaches like the National Public Data Breach. We give consumers peace of mind by helping protect their personal data by providing real-time alerts and visibility when the data is exposed and loss protection should they need it. We enhanced our offering with credit score insights, easier onboarding, financial alerts, and even introduced access to credit cards and savings accounts based on customers' digital and financial reputation. We have invested in personal data vaults, privacy dashboards, and proactive security updates. LifeLock's 4.8 rating across Trustpilot and the App Store demonstrate the value that our customers see in these offerings and investments. Beyond this strong focus on innovation, we continue to expand our geographic and channel reach by entering new markets. Privacy and Identity products were introduced into 15 new markets with encouraging early results and overall Identity category grew double digits internationally. We also doubled down on our partner program, signing up many new accounts, gaining share in Latin America and other emerging markets, as well as expanding our share of wallet in the employee benefit program. As a result of both accelerated innovation and expanded reach, we grew our direct customer count by 1.3 million to over 40 million direct paid customers and a total of over 65 million direct and indirect paid customers in addition to hundreds of millions of freemium users. And now nearly 45% of our direct customers have comprehensive cyber safety memberships, reflecting the increasing value of our expanding product portfolio. With our leading and foundational cyber safety platform firmly established, we started to invest in developing additional trust-based adjacencies beyond our core Identity protection solutions. After connecting their personal identifiable information and linking their financial accounts for fraud detection, our customers began asking for deeper insights into their financial position and additional ways to benefit beyond just protection, alerts, and restoration. What began as an organic effort to provide more financial insights to our LifeLock customers ultimately led to the acquisition of MoneyLion, which closed a couple of weeks ago. This transaction expands our TAM, accelerates our entry into a financial wellness market, and further enables us to address new consumer needs to accelerate growth. MoneyLion provides the technology and architectural backbone of our personal financial management, banking, and investing solutions, and delivers a wide label marketplace to match millions of consumers with thousands of financial service offerings from hundreds of partners. Leveraging our deep consumer insight, Gen will be their trusted ally, empowering them to make well-informed decisions that significantly improve their financial well-being. And we're thrilled to welcome MoneyLion to the Gen team. Although we just closed the transaction, we're already making progress on integrating MoneyLion into Gen. We're applying our proven operational discipline with a continued focus on driving profitable growth. Operational synergies are targeted at funding growth and improving MoneyLion operational margin from around 15% per day to over 20% in fiscal year 26. To ensure financial prudence, we've structured the business with a forward flow model supporting the Instacash product, which shifts short-term loans to other financial partners who service them, and eliminating any balance sheet exposure to Gen. In parallel, we're embedding key MoneyLion capabilities, like banking and marketplace, into new LifeLock and Northern Financial Wellness features planned to launch throughout fiscal year 2026. This strategic move enables us to accelerate pro-format growth post-acquisition, and we look forward to providing further updates throughout the year. To maintain our pace of innovation, focus, and operational discipline, we are organizing our business around two key segments. A cyber safety platform segment will consist of our award-winning security and privacy offerings. A mission in the cyber safety platform segment is to provide advanced technology and threat protection that helps customers navigate the digital world securely, privately, and confidently. This segment has a growth potential of mid-single digit and approximately 60% non-GAAP operating margin. We are accelerating the adoption of Genie, our AI-powered anti-scam solution, which is driving membership growth and upgrades to higher tiers planned. Our new GenStack, which features AI-driven dynamic segmentation and a reimagined customer journey, is set to boost customer lifetime value. As we move forward, our continued solid mid-single digit growth in security and privacy will be supported by key initiatives, such as AI-powered scam protection, mobile and privacy first entry points, international expansion, and partnerships branded our label. Our second segment, trust-based solutions, will include both our identity and financial wellness offerings. In this segment, our mission is to deliver innovative solutions and insights that empower consumers to manage their identity, reputation, and finances with confidence and freedom. This segment has a high single-digit revenue growth potential and a non-gap operating margin target in excess of 30% as we scale up financial wellness. We enter fiscal year '26 with strong momentum in our identity and reputation business, gaining traction by expanding our customer base through increased risk awareness campaigns in both the U.S. and international markets through distribution channels like employee benefits and scaling up strategic partnerships. We expect to grow ARPU and open new channel opportunities to an expanded value proposition that includes embedded financial wellness features. The acquisition of MoneyLion presents a powerful opportunity to bring financial wellness to all of Gen's 65 million paid customers and hundreds of millions of users. Initiatives for fiscal year 26 include integrating MoneyLion's financial marketplace into our U.S. customer base, expanding partnership with credit bureaus and financial institutions to deliver personalized solutions, and launching our financial wellness company to help our customers make smarter and more informed financial decisions. It's definitely an exciting time and we're just getting started. When I think about the opportunities our newly formed trust-based solution segment provides and combine them with the growth and momentum exiting fiscal year '25, I could not be more excited by our prospects. As you will hear from Natalie, we're guiding fiscal year 2026 revenue to be between 4.7 billion and 4.8 billion, representing 6% to 8% pro forma growth. To sum it all up, we're proud of all we accomplished in fiscal year '25 and we're looking forward to building on this momentum in the years ahead. Gen is very well positioned to lead in a world where digital safety and trust are more important than ever to consumers. People are asking to do more with their data, so being empowered and enabled by the best-in-class cyber safety platform and trust-based solutions is even more critical. We remain very focused on delivering value to our customers, our employees, and our shareholders. So thank you for your continuous support and I will now pass it to Natalie who will share more details on our financial performance and our financial outlook.
Natalie Derse: Thank you, Vincent, and hello everyone. It's a very exciting time for Gen. We've made significant progress in transforming our business over the past five years and now we are thrilled to welcome the MoneyLion team into our portfolio. With the financial wellness capabilities gained through this acquisition, we're extending our momentum in the fiscal year 2026. For today's call, I will walk through our full year fiscal 2025 results, followed by our Q4 results, and share our outlook for Q1 and fiscal year 2026. I will focus on non-GAAP financials and year-over-year growth rates unless otherwise stated. Fiscal year 2025 was a defining year for Gen as we posted our sixth straight year of growth while continually delivering on our guidance commitments and now positioning ourselves for further acceleration with our acquisition of MoneyLion. Our results demonstrate the significant progress we're making across the five growth levers that we shared in our 2023 Analyst Day, resulting in broad-based growth across our brands, regions, and expanding product portfolio. Total bookings for the year were $4 billion of 4% in both constant currency and cyber safety and up 3% in USD. We finished with $3.935 billion in total revenue, also growing 4% in USD and constant currency. Operating income was $2.3 billion and operating margin was 58.4%. Our robust revenue growth combined with our operating discipline and capital allocation enabled us to deliver $2.22 in full-year EPS at the high end of our guidance and up 14% year-over-year as reported and up 15% in constant currency. Turning to Q4 performance, Q4 was a record quarter, reflecting our 23rd consecutive quarter of growth with financial results at or above the high end of our guidance. Q4 bookings was $1.08 billion, up 5% in constant currency. Total Q4 revenue exceeded the billion-dollar hurdle for the first time at $1.01 billion, up 5% in USD and in constant currency. We saw broad-based growth across the product portfolio and markets. Our direct KPIs remain healthy and our partner channels are scaling through identity adoption. I'll now walk through the results in more detail. Direct revenue was $877 million, up 4% in constant currency. A key ingredient to our growth strategy is driving net new customers, and in Q4 we expanded our customer base for the seventh consecutive quarter, increasing to $40.4 million, up over $300,000 sequentially, and up $1.3 million year-over-year. Our growth is driven by our diverse set of customer acquisition channels, particularly international growth markets and through mobile app stores. While the unit economics vary across channels, our strategy is to reach these customers early in their cyber-safety journey and leverage our brands, a comprehensive product set, and leading customer service to drive long-term loyalty and healthy returns. Our playbook is working as customer retention is improving at the cohort level, and our overall retention rate increased slightly year-over-year to 78%. As we continue to provide reliable, comprehensive protection, enhance our Norton 360 memberships, and expand financial wellness features in our identity offerings, we are driving long-lasting customer relationships and increasing customer lifetime value. On monetization, our monthly direct ARPU was $7.27 in USD, in line with the previous quarter, and up five pennies from last year's result. This result absorbs about a penny of negative FX headwinds sequentially, and about two pennies of negative FX headwinds year-over-year. We are growing ARPU mid-single digits in our online customer base, primarily through increased cross-sell penetration in our Norton base and increased Norton 360 membership adoption. Approximately a quarter of our Norton base now has more than one product, an improvement of five points since last year, and progressing towards our goal of 30% penetration. As demand for increased cyber protection grows with the threat landscape, we are well-positioned to provide customers with a targeted point solution, or provide them with an option to move to a higher-tier, comprehensive cyber safety membership offering. Now nearly 45% of our direct customer base has a membership offering that provides even greater peace of mind. This is where the breadth and depth of our portfolio shines, and we will continue to drive higher monetization with our product innovation efforts. In our mobile base, we are growing ARPU double digits, which has primarily been driven by higher Norton 360 membership adoption. The recent in-product messaging capabilities we have embedded into our mobile products are enabling us to engage more closely with the customer during their purchasing journey, driving higher sales conversion and a larger percentage of new mobile customers who purchase our Norton 360 membership. Whether it's through first purchases, cross-sells, up-sells, we have a proven track record of driving increased share of wallet and customer lifetime value after initial purchase, with a tailored growth flywheel and playbook for each diverse customer acquisition channel. Turning to our partner business, partner revenue was $121 million in Q4, up 15% year-over-year. This acceleration was primarily driven by record growth in our employee benefits channel during open enrollment. New sales in open enrollment increased by over 75%, driven by the strong and healthy pipeline we've built over time, and employers are increasingly turning to our offerings to protect their employees' identity and protection. We're seeing a substantial increase in employers paying direct for our services as a benefit, as opposed to offering it as a voluntary benefit to be elected by their employees, which results in higher conversion rates. Through our telco partnerships, we're driving further expansion momentum of our identity offerings internationally. We are proud of the traction we're making as we leverage these partner channels to expand our reach, and we look forward to sharing more progress in the coming quarters. Rounding out revenue, our legacy business lines contribute about $12 million this quarter, down from $15 million in prior year, as expected. Turning to profitability, Q4 operating income was $590 million, translating to an operating margin of 58.4%. You will see us continue to invest in product and technology, as well as marketing, with our consistent, disciplined approach. We invest to bolster our product portfolio with differentiated solutions to reach new and existing customers, to extend our international presence, especially in identity and privacy, and expand into trust-based adjacencies that will touch more parts of the consumer's digital and financial life. Q4 net income was $366 million, up 10% year-over-year. Diluted EPS was $0.59 for the quarter, up 12% year-over-year, and up 13% in constant currency. Interest expense related to our debt was approximately $129 million in Q4. Our non-GAAP tax rate remained steady at 22%, and our ending share count was $624 million, down $13 million year-over-year, reflecting the impact of share repurchases. I'd like to now review a few items related to our balance sheet and cash flow, including our recent debt refinancing and material cash activity since our last earnings call, including our MoneyLion acquisition. Q4 ending cash balance was just over $1 billion, with over $2.5 billion of liquidity when including our $1.5 billion revolver. Q4 operating cash flow was $473 million, and free cash flow was $470 million, and net leverage was 3.2x. At the end of February, we issued $950 million in unsecured notes with a coupon of 6.25%, due in April 2033, and we paid off our $1.1 billion note with the proceeds. Following our fiscal year-end, we secured an additional $750 million of TLB with an interest rate of SOFR plus 175 basis points, due April 2032, and paid approximately $1 billion in cash for the MoneyLion acquisition. We have no material debt due until fiscal 2028. For more detail about our capital structure, please refer to the appendix slide in our earnings presentation. We paid $77 million to shareholders in the form of our regular quarterly dividend of 12.5 cents per common share. For Q1 fiscal 2026, the Board of Directors approved a regular quarterly cash dividend of 12.5 cents per common share to be paid on June 11, 2025, for all shareholders of record as of the close of business on May 19, 2025. Since the start of fiscal year 2023, we have deployed a total of $1.6 billion of share repurchases, over $2 billion for debt paydowns, and $950 million for dividends, totaling $4.6 billion. As a reminder, our current buyback program has $2.7 billion remaining with no expiration date. We will also continue to drive net leverage to less than 3x EBITDA by the end of fiscal 2027 for a balanced capital allocation strategy and accelerating growth. Before turning to fiscal 2026, I'd like to sincerely thank the Gen team for your hard work and dedication in all we've accomplished, not only this past fiscal year, but throughout the past five. With the acquisition of MoneyLion, we're taking the next step in our journey, expanding into financial wellness and trust-based solutions, which opens an even greater opportunity to drive profitable, accelerating revenue growth, while maintaining the same operating discipline that will continue to drive increasing value for our customers, our employees, and our shareholders. I couldn't be prouder of the team, and I look forward to this next chapter of our journey together. Now let me provide some color on how we will operate and report on our business moving forward. As Vincent mentioned, we will operate with two business segments, cyber safety platform and trust-based solutions. While our top financial priority remains driving accelerating and profitable growth for total Gen, this new segmented approach will drive a differentiated focus embedded in our product innovation, resource prioritization, and our go-to-market approach, always keeping the customer at the center of all we do. The two key metrics we will use internally to measure performance in these segments are bookings and non-GAAP operating margins. We prioritize these metrics because bookings reflects all the aspects of our growth framework, be it new customer acquisition, cross-sell, upsell activity, renewals, partner expansion, and the value we deliver to our customers every day. Operating margin reflects our overall efficiency, encompassing marketing investments, sales activities, product innovation, and our strong history of delivering profitable growth. To provide greater visibility to investors, we will report our bookings and operating margin for cyber safety platform and trust-based solutions on a quarterly basis. Now let me share our Q1 and fiscal 2026 outlook and some of the assumptions that underpin it. We enter fiscal 2026 in a strong financial position with a strategic growth framework. Despite general macroeconomic uncertainty, our business remains resilient, bolstered by a highly recurring revenue base, strong customer retention, and global diversification. We are further supported by the dynamic threat landscape and, to an extent, the current economic backdrop, both of which reinforce the need for a world-class cyber safety platform and trust-based solutions built on top. For fiscal year 2026, we expect full year revenue in the range of $4.7 billion to $4.8 billion, translating to 6% to 8% pro forma annual growth. We expect non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $2.46 to $2.54 per share, representing double-digit growth of 12% to 15% for the year. For Q1, we expect non-GAAP revenue in the range of $1.18 billion to $1.21 billion, translating to approximately 5% to 7% pro forma year-over-year growth. We expect Q1 non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $0.59 to $0.61, representing double-digit growth of 12% to 15% in constant currency. Note that this fiscal year includes an extra week in Q1, which will increase our reported Q1 and full-year revenue, offset by MoneyLion, pre-acquisition stub revenue, and business model transition. This guidance also assumes current FX rates through significant fluctuations remain possible given the current volatility in financial markets. We will continue to monitor our operating environment and stay focused on what we can control. Our initial outlook captures a range of outcomes, with the midpoint representing our base case. In summary, fiscal year 2025 is a breakthrough year for Gen, and we're excited about our plans for fiscal 2026. We're accelerating growth with the same operating discipline you've come to expect. Our margins remain exceptional, enabling disciplined investments in our growth and innovation initiatives to further scale our business. And our free cash flow generation is robust, creating capacity for ongoing opportunistic share of repurchases and further delevering to drive strong returns for our shareholders. As always, thank you for your time today, and I will now turn the call back to the operator to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. The first comes from Andrew Nowinski with Wells Fargo.
Andrew Nowinski: Congrats on those solid results. I really like the way you segmented the business between cyber safety and the trust-based solutions. Certainly makes a lot of sense putting that LifeLock in the trust-based segment. So I guess my question is, my first one would be on guidance. It looks roughly like your guidance for fiscal 26, as soon as the MoneyLion growth can kind of stay in that 29% to 30% range that they delivered this last fiscal year. How much visibility do you have in that segment relative to your cyber safety platform?
Vincent Pilette: Well, maybe I'll take that one from [indiscernible]. I thought you wanted to complement. So you're right that the guidance is basically based on what we had said in the past, which is our cyber safety all-in before MoneyLion line has a growth potential about mid-single-digit. And we delivered Q4 exiting at 5%, fully at 4%. You have a similar momentum and a similar trend if you want going into fiscal year 26. When we combine MoneyLion, MoneyLion grew at around 24%, 25% in the last calendar year. There will be a few shifts here. So a few things to keep in mind in your guidance as we closed the business at the end of April, so you don't have a full year. And then while we maintain the current momentum in the MoneyLion business, we really are focusing on, A, cross-selling into our install base, building a branded version of our cyber safety but financial wellness feature using the MoneyLion architecture. And then secondly, transforming the business from a pure transactional revenue engine today to something that is moving over the years towards a subscription business. And so you have those two combination of trends going into the view. And so when you combine it all in, it gives the guidance that it gave you a 6% to 8% pro forma.
Andrew Nowinski: Got it. Thank you. And then maybe a question on capital allocation. I guess, how are you thinking about sharing purchases this year while you're balancing the dividend and driving down the net leverage ratio?
Natalie Derse: Yes, thanks for the question. We'll get right back to it. The last couple of quarters, we've been on pause because of the pending acquisition activity. So we couldn't really get out there. We very much look forward to getting back into a balanced capital allocation application or allocation. And we'll do that with a mixed bag of accelerated debt paydown as well as opportunistic share buyback given the different factors that we use to make those decisions. We're high cash flow generation. Q2, keep in mind, we do have to have that elevated level in Q2 of tax payments. But outside of that, very much looking forward to leveraging the cash flow generation that we will build and then allocating in a disciplined way. In terms of the balance and how we'll decide, I would just say, very much going to continue a balanced approach. You see the balanced approach we've had the last couple of years between opportunistic share buyback and accelerated debt paydown. And our plan is to continue that playbook as we look forward.
Operator: The following comes from the Saket Kalia with Barclays.
Saket Kalia: Thanks for taking my questions here and congrats on closing MoneyLion.
Vincent Pilette: Yes, thank you.
Saket Kalia: Vincent, for sure. Vincent, maybe for you. MoneyLion, and you touched on this in your prepared remarks, MoneyLion really brings a big network of potential customers to cross sell to. And maybe one question around that is, how does that network maybe change the type of potential subscribers that you can go after? Does that make sense?
Vincent Pilette: Yes, it does. And if you don't mind, let me first step back on the strategy, right? So we have a big platform, cyber security, cyber safety platform, and we extend it to almost all aspects of an online, safe and confident digital life. And, as the world, digital world expands, the first need for everyone is to be safe. And so we offer that. And following our consumer demands, we said, okay, now, what do you do in that safe environment? You have your data that are protected, you're empowered and control your data. What else can you do? And obviously, as we discussed, protecting your identity, of course, is next, having a good digital reputation. What do you do with that reputation? You also maximize your financial potential and do best financial decisions. And that's how we entered first organically and now inorganically into financial wellness. And that's how I would look at it. Cyber safety is a foundation and then trust-based solutions on top. So the first view is to use the MoneyLion architecture, the engine they've developed, the PFM features they have to embed that into the solutions and cater for our current 65 million plus customers and cross-sell into that install base. So that's the number one focus. You'll hear more about product and feature launch as we progress to 2026. It does evolve and follow that consumer needs if you want into better financial decision. The second one that it's providing as a benefit is, it gets us the ability to improve MoneyLion itself in terms of offerings. They've been essentially a premium with a transactional revenue stream. As you know, we're very strong into subscription, customer retention, and basically applying the gen overall consumer internet platform skills if you want to the MoneyLion business. And then the third one, which is a bit further down the line is to offer the full life cycle of a cyber safety and financial wellness offering. So think about in the past, we're only offering protection and restoration of your credits monitoring system if you want. And MoneyLion was offering you different banking and investment or lending solutions. And now you're going to have the full spectrum from building new credits to leveraging new credits, to then protecting it and then expanding it. And that full cycle, if you want as a customer move from different cycles of their journey, we will have or we will be the trusted brand, whatever brand you take to follow you in that digital journey. So those three steps would be as we deploy gen over the next few years. And that's why when Natalie said this is a new chapter, we're excited by all those opportunities. I think that truly reflects it.
Saket Kalia: Yes, absolutely. That's helpful. Natalie, maybe the follow up for you and kind of related to sort of that big customer base that MoneyLion brings, you've always been very thoughtful just around customer acquisition cost and sort of individual kind of customer economics. How does MoneyLion maybe change that customer acquisition cost or how you think about that equation?
Natalie Derse: Hi Saket. It makes me very, very excited. We just have so much opportunity ahead of us to take the existing MoneyLion customers and that scaling base and that scaling business model, combine it with our growing customer population, our growing ARPU, our growing retention, now bring them together in a synergistic way. And we just have in an environment where financial wellness demand has never been greater. And so now we just have the opportunity to leverage all of the strength in our cyber safety business, combine it with the MoneyLion assets like their proven model and their proven penetration and customer base of the financial wellness tools, their proven AI recommendation engine, and just even further expanding us into customer lives, maybe earlier in their financial journey. And so it just allows us even more breadth and depth, more opportunity, a wider range of portfolio and products to go to market with. And in just such a data driven way with a recommendation engine on top of all of the data that we have for our existing customers, the world's our oyster quite frankly. And so with that will come efficiencies, in terms of the dollars that we can free up to invest in the capacity to drive that growth. Yes, the efficiency should go along with it. We typically say cash is king, here it's volume is king. And so we'll leverage that volume from a margin appreciation or accretion perspective, always trying to free up as much capacity as we can to invest behind that growth. But when you think about the actual tax, we should be seeing efficiencies with that additional expansion.
Operator: The next question comes from Tomer Zilberman with Bank of America.
Tomer Zilberman: Hi guys. Appreciate the comment earlier that you said that the business remains resilient despite some macro uncertainty. But I wanted to ask as you look at the remainder of the year, especially in the second half of the calendar year where the tariff pause kind of goes away, are you seeing or what I should say like this, what signs of demand are you seeing that gives you confidence that the business remains durable? And maybe the second part to that question, as we think about MoneyLion, is there any concerns that that could be more macro sensitive versus other parts of your business?
Vincent Pilette: Hey, Tomer. This is Vincent. I'll take that one. And you and I have in October, we did a lot of study around our business, the resilience of our business, the curve during difficult moment, whether it was 2008 or the COVID period. And frankly, with a high level of subscription, a high level of auto renewal. So a business model, if you want, is extremely resilient. In an environment where the threat landscape continues to be as active as ever, we don't see a direct correlation to the overall macro environment. I would not say we're immune, obviously, it serves with it. But the demand is there for, frankly, a cyber safety product that is, in my opinion, very cheap in terms of giving you full confidence to serve in a secure way on the digital world. So from that perspective, we feel confident that we have a good grasp on our business. We exited March on a strong note, as you've seen by our results. But March was actually a stronger month within the quarter. And frankly, April is in line to that. So from that perspective, we feel good. When you add MoneyLion, maybe introduce a little bit more volatility. But again, remember that the number one opportunity in this transaction is to offer those features to our current customers that have asked for more PFM and marketplace features. And I think we feel good about that view. And then, if really the environment gets a bit more tense, frankly, people will need to make even better financial decisions in a tight environment. And I think that's where the MoneyLion offering fits right in that overall view.
Tomer Zilberman: Got it. Thank you. Maybe this is just a quick follow-up. Given your experience maybe in past market downturns, is there anything that you're doing in terms of go-to-market or any marketing programs to kind of get ahead of a weaker macro?
Vincent Pilette: We are a paranoid bunch here on the table. I can tell you that. So we're always looking at, okay, what can we do? What opportunities do we have? And I think when you look at the diversification of our business, whether that is geographical diversification, product and needs that we address diversification, or channels diversification, or marketing channels diversification, we feel really, really well balanced to be able to play and leverage any opportunity we see in the market while we have a very good grasp on our business being a data-driven team.
Natalie Derse: And I just supplement that, complement that with we keep our customer right at the center. And so whether it's using our products as customers, understanding what macro or any kind of economic factors our customers are facing and navigating through. We really challenge ourselves to keep that customer at the center, whether it's through our products, whether it's the way we talk to them, engage with them, or service them, or what they're going through. And we have such a diverse set of product solutions, and now such a wider breadth of solutions that we can go to market to help our customers. That's what we're going to stay committed to. No matter what comes our way, what comes our customers way, we have a way to go to market and figure out ways and solutions and products that can help them through that.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The next question comes from Roger Boyd with UBS.
Roger Boyd: And again, congrats on a strong quarter and closing the acquisition. A nice quarter of subscriber ads, and we've gotten a couple of questions from investors around Google AI overviews might impact your business. I'd love to hear about how you're thinking about this potentially impacting your SEO lead Gen strategy and any assumptions you're making around click-through rates or customer acquisition costs or anything on that side of the lead Gen.
Vincent Pilette: Maybe I can take it first. So first of all, we have a very diversified reach to market if you want, and whether it's desktop or online, whether it's on long form or short form marketing, there is a lot of diversification, and we almost play in every dimension that you could think of. Definitely AI is changing the landscape. We have not seen any current immediate change, and it's all about contextual marketing, adapting as you go, and trying to make sure you're right where the context is right. So maybe AI will bring maybe some efficiencies and different ways of doing certain things, but we stay in touch with how the market moves. We're not too worried about it. Actually, it might even be an opportunity.
Roger Boyd: Good to hear. And then maybe just to circle back to indirect revenue, a really nice acceleration there. Natalie, I know you noted strong traction with employee benefits, but any guardrails for how we should be thinking about indirect growth in your initial outlook for fiscal 26? Anything to keep an eye on in terms of potential revenue timing around open enrollment? And then I think you also brought in a new partnership leader there. Any specific changes they're making or new opportunities that you're thinking about for fiscal '26? Thanks.
Natalie Derse: Yes. Our indirect channel is just to kind of circle around is about 10% share of our revenue. 15% growth for the quarter. Very, very happy to see that. That growth came from broad-based. We've got a lot of channels that make up the indirect revenue. We saw broad-based growth across all of them. The leaders I always try and call out, the bulk of the growth is going to be coming from employee benefits and telcos. They're not the only ones that grew, but those are the heavier contribution to the growth. And that's a pretty consistent growth profile. It's a growth trend that we've seen. The acceleration employee benefits was exactly what we talked about during the script, which was we do see just a change of behavior. We see the investments that we've put into building those pipelines for multi years now, whether it's through our direct sales or it's through the brokers that we use in the employee benefits channel, just the quality and the effectiveness of those sales channels have really built a very, very profitable, very robust pipeline. And we see the fruit coming from those labors. And then from a telco perspective, we just continue to have those strong partnerships, increase the expansion. And with that expansion is coming increased demand. We have a great new sales leader over the overall partner channels. He brings a ton of expertise in the market, a ton of experience. And with any new leader, they have the opportunity and the privilege to have a clear-eyed approach. And so we very much have very high expectations for the indirect channel under his leadership. But keep in mind too, let's go back to AID back in our fiscal year 2023 AID look forward. We said that we wanted to scale a high single digit rate of growth in overall partner. Of course, we're not limiting ourselves to that. We'll take a scaling double digits all day long. But in terms of as we look forward, especially in the next year, we're looking to a sustainable, profitable, high single-digit rate of growth for all our partners.
Operator: Thank you. The final question comes from Dan Bergstrom with RBC.
Dan Bergstrom: Hey, it's Dan Bergstrom for Matt Hedberg. Thanks for taking our questions. Congrats on the MoneyLion close. I guess maybe on those two new segments, sounds like we're going to get bookings and operating margins. Are there any other KPIs for those trust-based solutions that we should be thinking about? Anything that maybe MoneyLion brings in that was either maybe disclosed historically or might make sense to disclose from time-to-time?
Vincent Pilette: Let me take that one from a business perspective, and Natalie one supplement she can. But we're very strong making sure we align. How we talk to you about the business is also how we, of course, share the results with our board. It's then how we drive internally and it's how we organize around the consumer needs at the core, core, core. I think that's a super important one. The way we look at our business and the strategy, as I mentioned, is looking at that cyber safety platform as the opportunity to then upgrade your needs to then wanting to manage your identity, your reputation, and all the way to your financial wellness. And that's how we've organized the innovations and the approach all the way to the market communications or marketing and go-to-market activities. And so we'll report in those segments for you to better understand because we see different dynamics and we see different opportunities in those two segments. Operationally, we'll supplement with some KPIs. We're still refining exactly how we're going to position the KPIs. So I'm not sure I want to hit on the core already exactly what we will report, but we will share more at our Q1 results at the end of July, early August, and we'll make sure that every investor understands how we look at the business and how those KPIs support the things. Otherwise, they will be part of the classic KPIs, obviously, that you already probably have in mind on the core business.
Dan Bergstrom: That's great. Very helpful. And then the presentation talked to stronger growth here in the U.S. Any thoughts or could you drill down into that stronger domestic growth?
Natalie Derse: I would say, look, we saw broad-based growth across the different product lines and the global markets. So we saw mid-single-digit rate of growth in the U.S. That was propped up by, a couple of quarters ago, we had that NPD breach really brought in a lot of LifeLock awareness, additional LifeLock customers. Those identity offerings and the scaling of the identity offerings, as well as the increase of membership adoption, all is helping to drive the growth in the United States, as well, of course, the membership adoption helping across the world.
Jason Starr: Hey, everyone. Thank you. For this concludes our conference call today. Thank you very much for joining.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2025 Q3  (2025-01-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for standing by. My name is Jayla and I will be your conference operator today. Today's call is being recorded and all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. At this time, for opening remarks, I would like to pass the call over to Jason Starr, Head of Investor Relations.
Jason Starr: Thank you, Jayla, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Gen's third quarter fiscal year 2025 earnings call. Joining me today are Vincent Pilette, CEO; and Natalie Derse, CFO. As a reminder, there will be a replay of this call posted on the Investor Relations website, along with our slides and press release. I'd like to remind everyone that during this call, all references to the financial metrics are non-GAAP and all growth rates are year-over-year, unless otherwise stated. A reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP measures is included in our press release and earnings presentation, both of which are available on our IR website at investor.gendigital.com. We encourage investors to monitor this website as we routinely post investor oriented information such as news and events, and financial filings. Today's call contains statements regarding our business, financial performance and operations, including the impact of our business and industry that may be considered forward-looking statements, and such statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations as of today's date, January 30th, 2025. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events. For more information, please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release and the risk factors in our filings with the SEC and in particular, our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q. And now, I'll turn the call over to Vincent.
Vincent Pilette: Thanks, Jason, and welcome everyone to our earnings call. Q3 was another quarter of solid execution, innovating on the most comprehensive Cyber Safety portfolio for consumers, while delivering profitable growth. We grew Cyber Safety bookings and revenue mid-single-digit and delivered our fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth EPS up 15%. Our direct customer base is at a record $40 million up nearly 400,000 sequentially and up over $1 million compared to last year. These solid results are a testament to the consistent and disciplined execution by our team to serve the needs for comprehensive Cyber Safety. You've heard me tell you every quarter now about the dynamic nature of the threat landscape and that continues to be the case. In calendar year 2024 alone we blocked nearly 15 billion attacks globally. Not only are people all over the world being exposed to a greater number of threats, scams and other risk to their digital lives, but these threats are getting harder to detect as bad actors deployed increasingly sophisticated techniques and more believable lures to compromise and exploit their victims. Our researchers estimate that today 90% of all cyber threats began with a scam, up from just 30% in 2020. As technology rapidly evolves and consumers' digital footprint expands, the proliferations of breach just keeps adding fuel to the fire. In addition to the large scale breaches like the National Public Data Breach last quarter, recent ones are putting not only individuals at risk, but entire families as we saw with the PowerSchool Breach. This means that threat actors have no shortage of information available to use to convince you to help them attack you and your asset. We have seen this trend accelerate this quarter with the dramatic rise in scam yourself attacks, which manipulate people into compromising their own devices through deceptive and routine-based means. We saw this coming and we launched Norton Genie just over a year ago to give consumers an easy to use tool to help detect scams coming to you via email, text, video files or website. Our proprietary AI engine continuously trains on the extensive data sets and real life scams submitted by our users catching the newest threats with almost 100% efficacy. With 2 million downloads of the product, Genie's AI engine cannot only understand the meaning and intent of text, but also scans a wide range of additional attachment files, URLs, images and even audio and video files. And we aren't stopping there. We'll soon be extending the power of Genie into our Norton 360 product family. This enhanced version of Genie will be available in all memberships seamlessly providing proactive and comprehensive scam protection and acting as your AI-powered scam assistant. The Pro version provides advanced features including call blocking, text filtering and scam reimbursement and will be included in the higher membership tiers that customers can upgrade to or available as an add-on for the remaining customer base. Beyond our own AI investments to address this growing threat, we recently teamed up with Qualcomm at CES to showcase an early preview of how AI-powered scam detection can be integrated into Neural Processing Units or NPUs embedded into smartphones. By leveraging the NPU speed and efficiency, we're able to detect deep fakes and other sophisticated threats on the device in the device in mere seconds, while keeping user data private. A lot of exciting developments with more to come. In this dynamic digital world, we continue to invest in and innovate around how we keep customers' devices, personal information, reputations and financial assets safe. Our security foundation stays at the forefront with advanced protection recently earning top accolades from AV-Test, AV-Comparatives and AV Labs. And our products provide solutions for evolving consumer needs not only securing customer against cyber threats, but also protecting their identity and finances, empowering them to manage and grow their finances and safeguarding their personal data. Earlier this month, we brought the protection of Avast Security Identity to 15 new countries which helps consumers keep their identity safe from escalating scam and identity theft risks. Avast Secure Identity continuously scours across private forms and the dark web identifying and notifying you if we detect your personal information. It also gives consumers additional features like restoration support, stolen wallet assistance and in selected markets identity theft insurance. We've also embedded financial monitoring features to help alert consumers to suspicious bank account transactions that may indicate fraud. Also we only launched it a few weeks ago, we've already seen strong interest and engagement from our Avast customer base, affirming our belief in the need for these types of solutions and the growth opportunity ahead with identity and financial wellness across our entire family of trusted brands. In Japan, one of our largest international markets, we also rolled out a pilot Digital Vault with ID Advisor Plus. With ID Vault, we automatically detect and sensitive identity information on users' phone and move it to a secure Cloud Vault for added protection. And we don't stop there. With ID Advisor Plus, we also include access to scam verification specialist and a privacy advisor to on-demand services that are available to consumers in their time of need. As we drive engagement and early feedback through this offering, we plan to expand our Digital Vault technology across our portfolio in the coming quarters to give our customers more control over when and where to share their data. I'm also proud to share that all of these new launches have been built on the new Gen Stack, which our team has been hard at work on since the Avast acquisition closed. We set on this foundational technical initiative to build a new best-in-class Cyber Safety infrastructure. With the brightest minds from both teams, we've created our NextGen Stack that enable us to provide strong protection, a more modern user interface and a more personalized experience for our customers. The Gen Stack enabled us to deliver a unified data set that makes our AI enhanced solution more relevant for our customers, given our extensive threat telemetry and behavioral data. With the scale of our Cyber Safety networks, which protects hundreds of millions of users, we have exceptional visibility into the threat landscape. The massive amount of data that comes from all of this enable us to further train our machine learning models and harness the power of AI driving additional improvement in the efficacy rates of our award winning rates of threat protection, making current and future customers inherently safer with Gen. The technical benefits are unquestionable, but it does something equally if not more important for our customers. The NextGen Stack allows us to begin delivering on the reimagined user centric experience. With a more intuitive, simpler and fully integrated experience, our customer can use more of the tools we have available to protect their digital lives. It also allows us to more smartly advise and offer products and services that match their actual needs to enhance an unintrusive in-product contextual messaging. Our extensive machine learning models helps us bring the right cross-sell and upsell campaigns to the right people at the right time, which helps us better protect them and as a result improve customer loyalty. We've already started expanding this technology into our customer success function with advanced machine learning models and data-driven communications to personalize our engagement with customers. All of these new products and capabilities are enabling us to deliver on our plan to expand our Cyber Safety platform, which already protects hundreds of millions of users and over 65 million paid customers. These customers all benefit from the most comprehensive features and best technology in the market backed by one of the world's largest consumer Cyber Safety networks protecting people around the globe against advanced online threats. Further building on our foundation in Cyber Safety, in December we announced the acquisition of MoneyLion in order to strengthen and accelerate our financial wellness offerings. This transaction enables us to offer a complete set of personal financial management tools, enhances our AI and personalization capabilities, diversify our customer base with consumer in earlier stage of their financial lives, more than doubled our addressable market to over 50 billion and finally reinforces our long-term financial model. We've started to address our customers' demand for more credit and financial insight, but this acquisition will open up and accelerate new opportunities for Gen and our customer base. While we can't provide additional commentary about this transaction until it closes, in the first half of fiscal year '26, we will continue our effort to build out our financial wellness offering through organic and inorganic investments that can enhance the capabilities Gen and MoneyLion have today. In summary, we see a long runway of opportunities fueled by the very real and expanding consumer needs to protect their data and assets. We have the best Cyber Safety foundation in place that inspires customer trust, confidence and loyalty. Our Q3 results demonstrate that we are executing to our plan to accelerate revenue and drive double-digit EPS growth. With our pending acquisition of MoneyLion, we're excited for the next phase of our strategy to deliver and empower our customers with digital trust services such as financial wellness to further accelerate our growth while operating with the same consistent and disciplined execution you've come to expect from our team. And I think we're just getting started. So with that, let me pass it to Natalie to review our Q3 performance in detail.
Natalie Derse: Thank you, Vincent, and hello, everyone. For today's call, I will walk through our fiscal Q3 2025 results, followed by our outlook for Q4 and full fiscal year 2025. I will focus on non-GAAP financials and year-over-year growth rates unless otherwise stated. Q3 was another quarter of solid execution with revenue above the midpoint of our guidance and EPS at the high end and reflects our 22nd consecutive quarter of growth. Cyber Safety bookings, which exclude our legacy business lines were up 4% in constant currency. Reported bookings exceeded $1 billion and increased 3% in USD and constant currency. Q3 revenue was $986 million, up 4% in USD and constant currency. We drove broad-based growth across our product portfolio and GEOs further bolstered with 5% growth in the United States. In Security, our Norton cross-sell program continues to gain momentum, reflecting our strong incremental monetization after initial purchase. With Identity, adoption of our Norton 360 with LifeLock membership is increasing as consumer awareness grows alongside breaches and productivity and consumers recognize the need for comprehensive Cyber Safety protection. Our privacy offerings namely Anti-Track and Privacy Monitoring Assistants are bolstered by broader market shifts towards greater privacy needs, gaining traction across both the Security and Identity customer base. Direct revenue was $869 million up 4%, supported by improvements across our key performance metrics at the cohort level. Let me share some specifics. A key ingredient to our growth strategy is driving net new customers. And in Q3 we expanded our direct customer base for the sixth consecutive quarter, increasing to 40.1 million up 371,000 sequentially and up 1.2 million year-over-year. Our customer base is more diverse as we continue to expand our penetration in broad-based GEOs and we prioritize our marketing allocations to where we see the highest demand in ROI. This quarter, customer growth in international markets and in mobile remained strong. While the unit economics are different in international markets, our strategy is to reach these customers early in their Cyber Safety journey and leverage our brands, a comprehensive product set and customer service to drive long-term loyalty. With Mobile, we remain top of mind during a potential customer's purchasing decision and we have intentionally shifted more marketing dollars to reach these customers in the app stores at lower customer acquisition costs and increased opportunities for cross-sell and upsell. We are encouraged by the early indicators as an increased percentage of our new Norton mobile customers are purchasing our Norton 360 membership, which has a higher ARPU than the standalone mobile security product. We are confident that as we extend our improved in-product messaging and lifecycle marketing playbook towards this growing base, we will increase customer lifetime value contributing towards our mid-single-digit growth target. And as we shared in our Investor Day, we continue to fund customer acquisition across regions, products and customer value segments as we expand. On monetization, our monthly direct ARPU was $7.27 in USD, up a penny from the prior quarter and up $0.09 compared to last year's result. Note that this metric was negatively impacted by about a penny quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year due to FX headwinds. Keep in mind this is a blended number across GEOs, channels, products and customer tenure. When we review at the cohort level, the story is even stronger. Across our online and mobile cohorts, ARPU is up mid-single-digits year-over-year as our cross-sell and upsell activities scale with new products introduced into the base. We will continue to feed this flywheel as we execute our product roadmap and add new features into our membership such as scam protection powered by Genie. The expanded value in services provided to our customers are also reflected on our strong retention rates. In Q3, our direct retention rate was approximately 77.5%. Similar to ARPU, we continue to see gains at the cohort level from mobile customers to our highest retaining LifeLock base to first year and tenured customers. Driving long lasting customer relationships with a strong engagement focus on each stage of their customer journey remains a key tenant of our growth framework. Turning to our Partner business. Partner revenue was $105 million in Q3, up 6% in USD and constant currency, as we execute on the strategy shared a year ago, mobilizing to where the customers are and expanding through our Identity and Privacy offerings. Employee benefits continues to grow double-digits as more companies recognize the importance of Cyber Safety as a necessity for their employees. Our pipeline and pipeline conversion are strong and we have added new reputation and privacy services to the channel to scale further. Internationally, we are leveraging key strategic partnerships to scale identity by adding more features such as stolen funds insurance. Our mobile attach products have become even more compelling with the digital Vault offering that Vincent shared, driving double-digit bookings growth in Japan. We continue to strengthen our value proposition to existing and potential partners, progressing towards our goal of generating $0.5 billion in annual Partner revenue over the next few years. Rounding out our revenue, our legacy business lines contributed $12 million this quarter, down from $15 million the prior quarter. But as a reminder, we expect our legacy revenue to continue declining double-digits year-over-year and represent only approximately 1% of our total revenue. Turning to profitability. Q3 operating income was $577 million, up 4% year-over-year in line with revenue growth and translating to an operating margin of 58.5%. Our efficient business model creates the capacity to make investments in our portfolio and sales expansion efforts coupled with our operational discipline. Consistent with our plan, we are investing in our R&D and technology capabilities to drive continuous innovation in our portfolio, which is crucial to our growth strategy. We are also investing in marketing as we launch new products and reach new audiences with our existing portfolio, with incremental spend always evaluated within a disciplined ROI decision framework. We will continue to invest in our business with the same disciplined approach as we focus on driving sustainable mid-single-digit growth in our core Cyber Safety business. Q3 net income was $350 million, up 11%. Diluted EPS was $0.56 at the high end of our guidance and up 15% year-over-year, representing our fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit EPS growth. Interest expense related to our debt was $134 million. Our non-GAAP tax rate remained steady at 22% and our ending share count was 623 million down 22 million year-over-year reflecting the impact of share repurchases. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow. Q3 ending cash balance was $883 million. We are supported by $2.4 billion of total liquidity, consisting of our ending Q3 cash balance and $1.5 billion revolver. Q3 operating cash flow was $326 million and free cash flow was $318 million which included approximately $180 million of cash interest payments this quarter. Our debt-to-EBITDA net leverage was 3.3 times. As we look at near-term maturities, we plan to refinance our 2025 senior unsecured note of $1.1 billion in Q4 fiscal year 2025. Moving to capital allocation. In the quarter, we paid $59 million of mandatory debt payment across our Term Loan A and Term Loan B. In December, we announced the acquisition of MoneyLion for approximately $1 billion in cash, plus an additional $23 per share in Gen stock assuming certain trading conditions are met. We're excited about what this combination enables for our customers and also our financial model, which we will share more details about after closing. As a result of the pending transaction, there was no additional debt pay down or stock repurchases in Q3. In the quarter, we paid $77 million to shareholders in the form of a regular quarterly dividend of $0.125 per common share. For Q4 fiscal 2025, the Board of Directors approved a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.125 per common share to be paid on March 12th, 2025 for all shareholders of record as of the close of business on February 17th, 2025. Since the start of fiscal year 2023, we have paid down over $2 billion worth of debt and have deployed a total of $1.6 billion of share repurchases over that time period. Following the closure of the deal, we will execute on our long-term capital allocation strategy, returning 100% of excess free cash flow to shareholders, maintaining our dividend and balancing our capital allocation between debt paydown and share buyback while remaining opportunistic and disciplined with M&A opportunities to further accelerate growth and expand our portfolio. With our strong cash flow generation, we will continue to deploy capital to achieve the long-term objectives laid out in our Analyst Day. Now turning to our Q4 and fiscal '25 outlook. Given our strong operating results year-to-date, we are again strengthening our prior guidance and expect full year revenue in the range of $3.915 billion to $3.93 billion, translating to 4% Cyber Safety growth at the midpoint, supported by expected Cyber Safety bookings growth approximately 4%, both expressed in constant currency. We have also raised the lower end of our EPS guidance and now expect non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $2.20 to $2.22 per share, representing 14% to 15% growth in constant currency and in line with the EPS growth objectives we shared at our Investor Day. This translates to Q4 non-GAAP revenue in the range of $990 million to $1,005 million and Q4 non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.57 to $0.59. In summary, we are pleased with the execution and financial results. We're on target for our 2025 plan and we remain well positioned to achieve our long-term goals with our key performance indicators trending in the right direction. We look forward to closing out the fiscal year strong. As always, thank you for your time today. And I will now turn the call back to the operator to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Roger Boyd with the company UBS. Roger, your line is now open.
Roger Boyd: Great. Thank you for taking the question. I wanted to touch on retention rates, the directional trends you saw there. I know you mentioned on the cohort level, all retention rates came up, but were impacted by the higher mix of mobile year one customers. Just how do you reconcile that with the still improving ARPU numbers? And then given the continued strength of mobile in international channels, what are you expecting to see around overall retention as we move forward from here? Thanks.
Natalie Derse: Yes. Thanks for the question. So retention rate is definitely one of our top KPIs. And the Q3 results that we saw were relatively in line with Q2, albeit there's some rounding in there. What I would call out is the strength of the retention rate being industry-leading in total. And then, yes, as you -- as we said, all the cohorts, whether you're talking about by brand, by device and the tenures are all stable to up, which is the strength that we point to and what leads us to the confidence in our revenue guide. I'd love to call out, these are output metrics, the performance metrics that we really look at as the ingredients for our growth. And it's about the mix of these KPIs coming together all to drive top line and revenue acceleration, and that's exactly what we saw across all the KPIs. When they all come together, our revenue growth this quarter being 4% last quarter being 3%. And so all the -- with the positive -- net positive customer count quarter-over-quarter, the strength of the retention rate and the expanding ARPU, we feel confident in that revenue acceleration. And then as it pertains to the mix of those metrics, whether it's retention rate, customer count, ARPU, et cetera. We're down the lanes of what we laid out for Analyst Day. We're going after all of the demand globally across GEOs, across products, across experiences, whether it's desktop or mobile. We want to be where the customers are. We want to capture as much demand as we possibly can in an ROI positive fashion. And that's exactly what I see as I evaluate the ingredients of our revenue performance that is what I see. And so how those mix on a go-forward basis and how they come together in the metrics? We obviously have our eyes on it and we operate in a disciplined fashion. So far the KPIs are performing to our expectation and we're delivering on that revenue acceleration from 3% to 4% quarter-over-quarter.
Roger Boyd: Got it. Thanks, Natalie.
Natalie Derse: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Nowinski with the company Wells Fargo. Andrew, your line is now open.
Andrew Nowinski: Great. Thank you. And thank you for taking the question. Maybe just a quick clarification. So the Cyber Safety bookings growth certainly is still strong at 4% this quarter. I think that maybe was down from last quarter at 5%. But given what you just said about ARPU being up, retention up, new customer adds up, I guess, was that deceleration just entirely due to that onetime bump from the National Public Data Breach you saw last quarter?
Natalie Derse: Yes, if you recall in our conversations and on the call last quarter, we did say, there's no specific pinpoint of exactly how much came from the breach, but that increased awareness that came when NPD hit the news. Absolutely, you can see that on any chart of demand and traffic. You can see that. You can see that in our sales. You can see that in our conversion. We put approximately a point of impact to our Q2 bookings result last quarter. We pinned about a point of that acceleration on that NPD breach. And now it's not, yes, the breach in and of itself is onetime in nature. But we expect tailwind benefits from that in terms of we obviously evaluate how long that lift has sustained. It has come down from the peak, but of course, any awareness, any education, anything that we can do to expand the awareness and therefore the demand for Cyber Safety protection with potential customers, we see that in our business. And keep in mind, we're talking about the bookings growth rate that will continue to fuel our revenue throughout as we amortize that bookings growth, as we service those contracts. And then we continue to foster the strength and the retention rate to keep those customers in our cohorts and in our properties.
Andrew Nowinski: Thank you, Natalie. That makes sense. If I could just squeeze a follow-up in on the MoneyLion acquisition. I know it's not closed yet and there's not much color you can provide, but on the financial side. But I'm just wondering at a high level, it seems like maybe their customer base is a very different demographic relative to the customers that are buying the Norton membership. So I'm just wondering if you could just help us understand where you see the synergies between the two businesses? Thank you.
Vincent Pilette: Hey, Andrew, this is Vincent. I'll take that one. As you know, we've moved from a core -- addressing a core security need with our customers to addressing what we call total Cyber Safety, which was moving towards identity protection. Within Identity, we are tracking the entire web around your personal data, many of them being financial data, and the consumer needs that we address and number one is protect me against my financial potential loss or protect my financial assets from what's out there. And so as we migrate our customers along their Cyber Safety journey those who were the most advanced kept asking about more insight into their financial lives, if you want, financial wellness. How do you give some credit insights? How do you build your credit? How do you leverage your credit and some of those aspects. So we started to feed that organically and building kind of a product layer of features inside our own Cyber Safety for that. What MoneyLion will do as a first level of revenue synergies is provide the backend architecture around all of a complete PFM feature, Personal Financial Management set of features that we can then offer to our customers to better manage the insight that we protect them for. And then the second one is the embedded marketplace where they can also make best choices to make best financial decisions. So cross-selling into our installed base with the UI that is in our brand, whether it's LifeLock or Norton or Avast with a backend architecture of MoneyLion is kind of the first step vision. Then if you push a little bit out there, the entire financial or credit journey, if you want, we have a layer of it, which is protection and moving up that layer around building it and then leveraging it is super important. Later on, we'll be able to offer to the MoneyLion customers, the entire set, including the protection of some of the assets that they want to manage and grow. So those are the kind of two views. Obviously, it has other benefits. It will give us a much more robust set of data, which will enrich our AI and personalization capabilities. And then you'll see us continue to expand both globally and through features, making the Cyber Safety platform, including financial wellness, richer for our customer base.
Andrew Nowinski: Thank you. That was very helpful. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Saket Kalia with the company Barclays. Saket, your line is now open.
Saket Kalia: Okay. Great. Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions here. Natalie, maybe for you, just a little bit of a housekeeping question. Great to see the full year revenue guide go up a little bit. Can you just talk about any incremental FX movement and how that's impacting the full year guide if at all? I know that it was a little impactful to ARPU in the quarter. Can you just level set kind of any impact to the full year revenue guidance if at all?
Natalie Derse: That's relatively immaterial.
Saket Kalia: Got it. That's helpful. Vincent, if I can maybe squeeze in a follow-up maybe. There was so much innovation that you talked about in your prepared remarks, right, just around whether it's Genie or other things in terms of finding scams, and it really adds to some of those higher-end kind of bundles like Norton 360. Can you just sort of give us a state of the state in terms of what percentage of the base is kind of using Norton 360 now? And how you think that can trend going forward?
Vincent Pilette: Yes, absolutely. And if I can use your questions, Saket, to also a little bit of discussion. I've had a few questions from investors saying, okay, I understand you have your Antivirus business that's growing low-single-digit, you're diversifying with MoneyLion. We actually believe there is a lot of opportunities within Cyber Safety. I mentioned it's a dynamic threat landscape from the old virus or antivirus, which is absolutely still necessary to protect your device. The needs have moved towards a real anti-scam set of tools. And that is a very different threat landscape. And so with that, the evolution of our portfolio, if you want to follow that threat evolution. You see a lot of our new features is about making sure you don't get scammed, whether it's protecting your e-mails, whether it's protecting again even a scam yourself antivirus or making sure that your data is not out there in the dark web and then can be patches and totally fool you into doing something you don't want to do. So the introduction of that Genie into our platform is the view more and more of our customers are then adopting that membership structure for a full view of the portfolio. On desktop, we are at around 50% now across. I don't know if you remember, but before we acquire Avast, we reached all the way to, I think, two-thirds, 65%, I don't remember the exact percentage in the membership. Avast didn't have yet that membership structure. They had Avast One, the single-digit percent adoption. And now our entire population has about 50%. When you include mobile, which is still a little bit point product. We dropped a little bit more. We had 45%, 46%. But I think we continue to make good progress towards that view that in the future we'll have the majority of our customers all on a membership structure.
Saket Kalia: Super helpful. Thanks, Vincent.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Bergstrom with the company RBC. Dan, your line is now open.
Dan Bergstrom: Hey, it's Dan Bergstrom on for Matt Hedberg. Thanks for taking our questions. Sounds like you're having good success with the mobile customers purchasing Norton 360. You called that out in the prepared remarks. Maybe a little bit more on what you're doing there? Some of the areas that you could lead into to help drive that mobile adoption of 360?
Vincent Pilette: Yes. I can take that. So definitely, I think, it's what about two years ago that we launched Norton 360 on mobile and then a year after the majority of sales on mobile were on the platform. With Avast, we head back to a few single products, but then now we launch more of our new products into the new Gen architecture. We launched our Ultra VPN product a few months ago. And that is essentially a membership structure that enables you to move to different tier as you enable new features to be fully Cyber Safe and protected. With that launch and that new Gen Stack, we also launched the IPM in-product message tool, if you want, that enable us also to give real-time feedback on the consumer behavior and needs as they use their product on mobile. That engagement, if you want on mobile, has enabled us to improve all of our ratios. Natalie was mentioning, whether it's ARPU, whether it's retention, whether of course it's cost account, but on mobile all of our metrics are trending in the right direction, but that is because of moving more to the membership and having that full engaged tech platform.
Dan Bergstrom: That's great. And then, Vincent, could you talk a little bit about the customization and personalization of offerings? I know that's something that remains underway maybe what are some of those personalization efforts that have been most impactful to you? And then maybe where are we in that journey?
Vincent Pilette: Yes, definitely. So the first step here is to deploy everybody on the new Gen Stack. And we are very disciplined and cautious as we deploy it. As you know, we want to make sure that it's a very smooth for the customers. We're well on the way. We'll finish through the year that migration that will enable us to use that AI-enabled IPM platforms in-product messaging. We now have a team working on developing the various models and looking at all of the data sets and how to further refine and cut the different cohorts in smaller size based on behaviors and then be able to have the product, if you want, react based on those LLMs tailored to specific activities. And I think the whole team is super mobilized around enabling that hyper personalization, if you want. Once we're on a full, on a common stock, then everybody has the unified set of data and all of our models can be deployed across either brands or product sets.
Dan Bergstrom: That's exciting. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Hamza Fodderwala with the company, Morgan Stanley. Hamza, your line is now open.
Hamza Fodderwala: All right. Thank you for taking my question. Natalie, just a quick one for you. I was wondering if you could give us a sense of how you're thinking about balancing capital allocation between debt paydown, buyback, given the pending acquisition of MoneyLion. I know there's a bit of a pause there right now, but once you do start to digest that, how should we think about modeling that on a longer-term basis? Thank you.
Natalie Derse: Yes. Hi, Hamza. We will get back to it as soon as we can. We're in a -- we're locked out just because of where we're at on the deal. Once we move past that, you'll see us get right back into the market on both. I would just point you to consistently, I think, we balance -- we do strike the right balance. Especially if you zoom out and you look at the annual numbers we provided earlier today in the script or in the prepared remarks and we'll continue to do that. I think there is value in both. We have demonstrated our value proposition in terms of really understanding at the right time when we go for accelerated debt paydown and opportunistic share buyback. And keep in mind too, we'll be in the refi market, refinancing that unserved note pretty soon as we expressed, we'll be in that market in Q4. So you'll start seeing some more activity from us. As soon as we've got, we're past the close of the deal, and we'll be focused on really delivering additional value through that balanced approach. All to say really nothing has changed in our capital allocation tenants. We've been relatively consistent actually since I got here, but definitely in line with our AID.
Jason Starr: Kayla, we're ready for the next question.
Operator: Absolutely. Our final question comes from Tomer Zilberman with the company Bank of America. Tomer, your line is now open.
Tomer Zilberman: Hey, guys. I actually wanted to go back and touch on ARPU. So you talked about a $0.01 sequential improvement. Currency had a $0.01 negative impact, so call it maybe $0.02 normalized sequential improvement. Are you seeing that kind of more broad-based across your cross-sell and upsell momentum or is there anything specific that you can call out that happened this quarter that helped improve the numbers? I know you talked about an increasing number of mobile customers adopting Norton 360, but anything additional you have would be helpful. Thank you.
Natalie Derse: Yes. Thank you for the question. So of course I'm keeping my eye on the quarterly metrics because like we've indicated, they are key performance indicators to the health and the growth ingredients of our business. But when you really evaluate, I would encourage us to kind of zoom out and look at the year-over-year. That's when you're really going to see the full suite, the full set of cohorted customers really perform. And so when you look at that, we're up a point of retention rate in the overall Cyber Safety retention rate and we're up $0.09 in ARPU. So whether you're looking at it from an annualized perspective or specifically in Q3 against last quarter, the economics and the components of growth, I would say, are very consistent. So cross-sell and upsell is working in the Norton base across all the regions and is really driving success in terms of not only driving ARPU, but we have studied and shown impacts to increased retention. And so we continue to diversify that through new products being introduced. Vincent has talked a couple of times in terms of what we're doing to optimize the membership offering. So that drives the upsell lever and we see that coming customer acquisition as our offerings become even more and more relevant and in demand. It comes through ARPU as we see the ARPU continuously expand as we sell more and more of the additional service and we see the retention rate gains from those two levers because retention rate is just frankly higher. And then as it pertains to our mobile acquisition. They're just different starting points, but the behaviors are very consistent. And that's why we point to just such incredible opportunity. We have very healthy ROI customer acquisition internationally in mobile and then it just allows us cohorts of customers to go after. And really, as they're getting more familiar, we have the opportunity to further educate the needs and then therefore the services that we can provide to these customers. So it's really, really a flywheel effect as to where the customers were diversifying at the very top of the funnel through customer acquisition and we're sending them with a unique experience, a very focused experience in terms of leveraging cross-sell, upsell and all of our CSM retention efforts. And in my opinion, when I look at the customer performance indicators and unpack them at the cohort level, they're trending in the right direction. Hope that helps.
Tomer Zilberman: Yes. That's great color. Thank you very much.
Natalie Derse: Thank you.
Operator: At this time, I'd like to pass the conference back over to Vincent Pilette, the CEO, for closing remarks. Vincent, you may proceed.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you, and thank you, everyone, for joining our call today. As the leader in consumer Cyber Safety, we have a bold vision and provide digital freedom for everyone. Our many investments in new products and technology are paying off as we shared today with the progress we're making with Genie, the new Gen Stack and AI technologies. The pending MoneyLion acquisition will accelerate the next phase of our strategy to empower our customers' financial wellness. Thanks for joining our call today and I look forward to speaking with you in the coming days and weeks.
Operator: That will conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2025 Q2  (2024-10-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for standing by. My name is Victoria, and I will be your conference operator today. This call is being recorded and all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. At this time, for opening remarks, I would like to pass the call over to Jason Starr, Head of Investor Relations.
Jason Starr: Thank you, Victoria, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Gen's second quarter fiscal year 2025 earnings call. Joining me today are Vincent Pilette, CEO; and Natalie Derse, CFO. As a reminder, there will be a replay of this call posted on the Investor Relations website, along with our slides and press release. I'd like to remind everyone that during this call, all references to the financial metrics are non-GAAP and all growth rates are year-over-year, unless otherwise stated. A reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP measures is included in our press release and earnings presentation, both of which are available on our IR website at investor.gendigital.com. We encourage investors to monitor this website as we routinely post investor oriented information such as news and events, and financial filings. Today's call contains statements regarding our business, financial performance and operations, including the impact of our business and industry that may be considered forward-looking statements, and such statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations as of today's date, October 30, 2024. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events. For more information, please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release and the risk factors in our filings with the SEC and in particular, our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q. And now, I'll turn the call over to Vincent.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you, Jason. Q2 was another solid quarter of consistently executing on our strategy, meeting our commitments for profitable growth, while continuing our investment to meet the long-term consumer needs of ever expanding digital lives. We delivered another quarter of mid-single-digit bookings growth, up 5%, our highest growth rate since the Avast acquisition and a double-digit earnings per share growth, up 16%. We also grew our direct paying customers by 400,000 in the quarter, now at a record 39.7 million. Those results are a testament to the solid disciplined and consistent execution of our team. On top of that, it is also a clear reflection of what we have talked about for many quarters. People are being exposed to an accelerating threat environment and their awareness is growing with every new breach and scam, text or email. Those trends are here to stay and are being enhanced by the use or misuse of AI. As consumer awareness grows, we stand ready to empower your digital life with the most innovative and easy to use solutions that secure and protect your identity and your hard earned assets. It is easy to get desensitized to news of yet another breach, but the impact recently is truly staggering. In August, the US National Public Data Breach exposed an estimated 270 million social security numbers, practically two-thirds of all social security numbers ever issued, leaving one out of three Americans at risk of identity attacks. The scale and the frequency of breaches along with the sophistication and volume of phishing emails and scams makes everyone vulnerable. As we shared in our last report around rising election scams, even young adults who are expected to be the savviest online are proving to be susceptible at higher rates. This unfortunate reality is a big part of why our team at Gen is so mission driven. We believe that no matter how good these cyber criminals get, our goal is to give you the tools and the solutions that empower you to live your digital life without worry. Delivering digital freedom and peace of mind is no small task, so every day we are focused on upping our game. Just about a year ago, our threat team and technology detected the growing threat of personalized scams at high volumes and quickly delivered our Genie anti-scam product. Powered by AI, Genie was the first embodiment of the future of digital freedom. Not only does it interact with you in an accessible and intuitive way, it also continually learns and adapts with every interaction. Today, we have over 1.6 million downloads and its overall efficacy is approaching 100%. Genie is a great example of how we continue to put innovative solutions in the hands of consumers, but it is just the start. In the coming quarters, we plan to enhance the product and expand this anti-scam technology into our core offerings. More to come on that front. Protecting consumers from scams is one of the biggest attack vectors, but as I mentioned earlier, breaches pose an entirely different threat and are also on the rise. Breaches put you, your information and your hard earned assets at risk and it generally happens through no fault of your own. Data you provided to your favorite stores, your healthcare provider, your banks and the government is being put on the dark web. And as the breaches proliferate, cyber criminals are stitching together different pieces of information to increase their ability to successfully steal your identity or target you for sophisticated and personalized scams. No one is immune. And if you don't believe me, I challenge you to go out and try our free LifeLock data exposure scan and I'm sure you will be surprised at how much of your information is out there and available. That constant growing threat is why we are continuously investing in and innovating around how we keep your financial assets, your personal information and your reputation safe. No one is better at helping a victim recover from identity theft than LifeLock. We invented the category and we have a world-class restoration team that helps repair the damage. But we want to also be sure that we can stop things earlier. That's why we have alerts algorithm and full spend tracking through financial monitoring features to keep you aware and safe in real time. We recently released Credit Insights to our large block customers as part of our strategy to address the customer needs to keep their finances safe online. This new LifeLock feature provides customers with contextual information to better understand what factors impact their credit score with actionable insights to build or improve their credit rating over time. From spend tracking to helping you better manage your subscription spending or virtual secure credit card, we see an increase in demand for trust based services and will continue to expand what we do for consumers in that area, so they feel empowered to manage their finances confidently, achieve financial freedom and thrive in their digital journeys. We see a long runway of growth with meaningful opportunities to expand in each pillar of our consumer cyber-safety portfolio as we continue to innovate and execute. In Q2, we grew cyber savings bookings over 5% driven by strong momentum in identity where bookings were up 8% year-over-year. We also drove double-digit growth in new customer acquisitions, maintained solid momentum in upselling into identity memberships and continued expanding our partnership network. With so much opportunity in front of us, we will continue to invest to serve the expanding needs of consumer, whether that be adding to our AI capabilities to better match our services to our customers and deliver more intuitive and engaging experiences from them or through innovation into new and existing products or even expanding our reach to new markets for services like identity theft protection. Even with the most comprehensive solutions in the market, we know we cant rest, so expect us to delivering innovation and more engaging experiences to our customers. While we remain focused on the future and innovation, operating with discipline and meeting our commitments are core parts of our Gen DNA. Operating KPIs remain very healthy, supporting yet another quarter of double-digit growth in non-GAAP earnings per share, which includes many of our investments for long-term growth. Since our Investor Day last year, where we laid out our long-term goals of accelerating growth to the mid-single-digits and driving non-GAAP EPS growth of 12% to 15%, we have consistently executed and delivered on our commitments. We are pleased with our Q2 results and excited about what we can deliver in the future. As a result, we strengthened our annual guidance and we are making steady progress towards achieving the three-year financial goals we shared at our Investor Day last November. We are passionate about our mission to empower and protect every aspect of digital life and we're confident that our focus on the customers, our pace of innovation and our disciplined execution will enable us to achieve our goals to drive shareholder value. And with that, let me pass it on to Natalie to review our financial performance in detail.
Natalie Derse: Thank you, Vincent, and hello, everyone. For today's call, I will walk through our fiscal Q2 2025 results followed by our outlook for Q3 and full year fiscal year 2025. I will focus on non-GAAP financials and year-over-year growth rates unless otherwise stated. Q2 was another quarter of solid execution with strong financial results at or above the midpoint of our guidance and reflects our 21st consecutive quarter of growth. Q2 bookings were $964 million, up 5% in constant currency and up 4% in USD. Cyber Safety bookings, which exclude our legacy business lines, also grew 5% year-over-year in constant currency, our highest growth rate since the Avast acquisition. This quarter, there was a surge in consumer awareness, interest and demand for identity theft protection after the national public data breach. This is when our brand awareness and vast LifeLock protection offerings really cut through and we drove stronger customer acquisition and bookings as a result, helping to shore up the higher bookings growth rate in the quarter. Moving to revenue. Total Q2 revenue was $974 million, up 3% in USD and constant currency. Cyber Safety revenue grew 4% year-over-year, driven by broad based growth across our consumer security and identity and privacy business lines. Stable growth in our Security business lines reflects the success of our cross sell program as our Norton 360 security customers continue to add more adjacent offerings and we drive improved monetization. Identity and privacy growth was more pronounced with faster growth in our Norton 360 with LifeLock product as consumers increasingly adopt comprehensive cyber safety membership with identity solutions. Direct revenue was $860 million, up 3%, supported by improvements across our key performance metrics of direct customers, ARPU and retention. Let me share some specifics. A key ingredient to our growth strategy is driving net new customers and in Q2 we expanded our customer base for the fifth consecutive quarter, increasing to 39.7 million, up 389,000 sequentially and up over 1,1 million year-over-year. We continue to leverage our broad range of marketing channels and vast product portfolio, dynamically shifting and increasing marketing investments based on demand, while optimizing our sites to drive improved traffic conversion. This quarter, our net new customer count growth was mostly driven by continued international and mobile expansion efforts and we had the additional opportunity to further drive our identity offerings with the increased market demand. On monetization, our monthly direct ARPU was $7.26 in USD, up $0.03 sequentially and up $0.01 compared to last year's result. Note that FX helped this metric by $0.02 sequentially, but had no impact year-over-year. Operationally, ARPU remains stable to slightly up across our customer cohorts by brand and by market. As we grow our customer base, we have demonstrated the ability to further monetize after their first purchase, whether through cross selling complementary products or upselling to higher tier memberships, both avenues providing additional customer value and enhanced cyber safety protection coverage. Our efforts to better customize and personalize offerings at the right moments of truth are working. And as we add new features and expand our portfolio, we will continue to feed this flywheel. The expanded values and services provided to our customers is also reflected in the retention increases to-date. In Q2, our direct retention rate was 78%, in-line with the prior quarter and improving by a point year-over-year, steadily progressing towards our goal of 80%. While each point of retention will get harder to achieve as we continue to drive new customer growth, our teams are focused on driving gains at the cohort and product level. And as Gen Stack gets rolled-out to more customers, we are driving better targeting and in-product messaging with the goal to create more personalized customer experiences that will in turn drive higher customer loyalty, retention and increased lifetime value. As we look-forward, we will continue to focus on keeping our already high retention rates in our Norton and LifeLock brands stable, and drive increases with our mobile customers and our Avast brands. Turning to our partner business. Partner revenue was $102 million in Q2, up 7% year-over-year as reported and up 8% in constant currency as we grow our identity and privacy offerings. Our employee benefits channel continued to scale, helping over 10,000 companies protect their employees from identity and cyber threats. As consumer awareness of identity theft grows and companies turn to offering more comprehensive benefits to their employees, our pipeline is strengthening. Our telco partnerships are also helping us scale our identity membership offerings internationally, leveraging their partner scale and broad customer base to drive adoption in targeted expansion markets. And as consumers increasingly gravitate towards identity and privacy solutions, our private browsers have also been an accelerator for partner growth as we see strong adoption in our customer base. Across our diverse set of partner channels, we are making steady progress towards $0.5 billion in annual partner revenue over the next years. Rounding out our revenue, our legacy business lines contributed $12 million this quarter, down from $16 million the prior year. As a reminder, we expect our legacy revenue to continue declining double-digits year-over-year and represents approximately 1% of our total revenue. Turning to profitability. Q2 operating income was $567 million, up 4% year-over-year and translating to an operating margin of 58.2%. As I noted earlier, we're making focused investments to capitalize on the growth opportunities we see in the market, and that's reflected in our strong first half booking results. We continued to invest in marketing across all channels with an always-on optimization of existing funds and deployment of incremental funds to expand our customer base and accelerate growth. We're also investing in R&D and our longer-term foundational technology capabilities, while launching new offerings to fortify our comprehensive cyber safety product portfolio and stay ahead of emerging threats. And as we've demonstrated in prior quarters, we will continue to fund these investments through our operating leverage and by operating lean across the G&A organizations now at a record-low of approximately 2% of revenue. Building on the strength of our KPIs, along with our solid execution against expectations in the first half, we will continue to invest in our business with the same disciplined approach as we focus on driving sustainable mid-single-digit growth. Q2 net income was $336 million, up 12% year-over-year. Diluted EPS was $0.54 for the quarter, up 16% year-over-year, in line with our guidance. Interest expense related to our debt was $142 million. Our non-GAAP tax rate remained steady at 22%. And our ending share count was 622 million, down 22 million year-over-year, reflecting the impact of share repurchases. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow. Q2 ending cash balance was $737 million. We are supported by over $2.2 billion of total liquidity, consisting of our ending Q2 cash balance and $1.5 billion of revolver. Q2 operating cash flow was $158 million and free cash flow was $156 million, which included approximately $70 million of cash interest payments this quarter. As a reminder, Q2 is seasonally high, our highest use of cash given the concentration of tax payments that are due in the quarter. And as a result, we did not purchase any stock or pay down additional debt this quarter. Also important to note, due to the timing of our quarter-end being on September '27 this year, our Q2 ending balance does not reflect our $89 million in cash interest and $58 million paid for our maturity schedule on September 30th. As we look-forward, we remain committed to our capital allocation strategy, returning 100% of excess free cash flow to shareholders, maintaining our dividend, and balancing our capital allocation to both debt paydown and opportunistic share buyback. In the quarter, we paid $77 million to shareholders in the form of our regular quarterly dividend of $0.125 per common share. For Q3 fiscal 2025, the Board of Directors approved a quarterly cash dividend of $0.125 per common share to be paid on December 11, 2024 for all shareholders of record as of the close of business on November 18, 2024. Since the start of fiscal year 2023, we have paid down over $2 billion worth of debt and have deployed a total of $1.6 billion of share repurchases over that time period. With our strong cash flow generation, we will continue to deploy our capital to achieve the long-term objectives laid out in our Analyst Day. Now, turning to our Q3 and fiscal '25 outlook. For Q3, we expect non-GAAP revenue in the range of $980 million to $990 million, translating to approximately 4% growth in cyber safety and Q3 non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $0.54 to $0.56. For fiscal year 2025, we are strengthening our prior guidance range and now expect full year revenue in the range of $3.905 billion to $3.930 billion, translating to 3% to 4% growth in cyber safety, expressed in constant currency, supported by expected cyber safety bookings growth of 4% to 5%. We have raised the lower end of our EPS guidance and now expect non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $s2.18 to $2.23 per share, representing an annual increase of 12% to 15% in constant currency and in line with the EPS growth objectives we shared last November. In summary, our Q2 results keep us on-target for our 2025 plan and we remain well positioned to achieve our long-term goals. Our key performance indicators continue to trend in the right direction. We are executing our plan and our strategic growth framework provides us guide points along the journey. As always, thank you for your time today, and I will now turn the call back to the operator to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Nowinski with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Andrew Nowinski: Okay, good afternoon, and thank you for taking the questions and congrats on the strong Q2 results here.
Vincent Pilette: Yeah. Absolutely. Welcome to the coverage.
Andrew Nowinski: Thank you. Thank you very much. I wanted to dig into the net adds this quarter, which I thought were very impressive. I mean, it seems like it's almost a guarantee that every adult in the US now has their personal data on the dark web, thanks to all the breaches we saw this summer, including that National Public Data breach. So do you think the net adds will improve, particularly in the US going forward? Because I think you said it was more influenced by the international growth this quarter?
Vincent Pilette: So, definitely the national data breach helped making people more aware of the risks. But this quarter, we grew our cohorts across all of our brands and across the continents, both Americas and Europe. So we've seen kind of a broad base. Granted, it was a little bit more pronounced in the identity and in the US for that reason. And you're right that today we believe that about one American out of three has enough of their personal data out there on the dark web for any criminals to stitch together a profile and do an identity test. We know -- ideally, we know that everybody should be protected and that the awareness is something that we need to continue to work on to ensure that everyone understands the risk. It's a bit like an insurance service, if you want, you need to have a first catastrophe to never skip a protection.
Andrew Nowinski: Got it. Thank you. And then I wanted to maybe just a clarification. I think last quarter you talked about the Norton cross-sell penetration had increased to 20%. I didn't catch it this quarter if you gave that. But I was really wondering also, did you see an improvement in the LifeLock attach rate or customers upgrading to that higher-end membership that includes LifeLock this quarter, given all the breach activity?
Natalie Derse: Yeah. Thanks for the question. Hey, this is Natalie. So, for sure we saw an increase in our cross-sell penetration. It's been a growth driver for us and with us for several consecutive quarters. We laid that out as one of the five for five levers of what you have to believe for sustainable accelerated growth in the mid-single-digits. And we definitely needed and wanted to show you guys and share with you guys what our starting point was and the milestone achievements that we would need to achieve mid-single-digit rate of growth over the long-term. So it won't be a specific metric that we give you every single quarter, but absolutely consistent performance and driver of our -- not only our bookings growth, but our ARPU coming from cross-sell. And then from a LifeLock attach rate, yes, I mean, you probably heard it more than a handful of times in my script because the LifeLock customers are such high value, highly retaining customers for us. This has been a very healthy quarter for our business. We did see more LifeLock acquisition. We saw more upsell into membership tiers with the LifeLock Identity protection value. And we saw acquisition into higher tiered LifeLock offerings this quarter, especially even more fueled by that NPD breach, and the increased demand in the market.
Andrew Nowinski: Got it. Thank you. Keep up the good work.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your questions. Our next question comes from the line of Saket Kalia with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Ryan Powderly: Hey, team, good evening. This is Ryan Powderly on for Saket tonight. Thanks for taking the question. Congrats on a nice quarter. And, Natalie, maybe first for you. That was some helpful commentary just around the buybacks and de-levering activity this quarter, understanding the cash constrictions. Just going forward as we take a look at the next near and mid-term, can you talk about how you're going to be balancing buybacks and de-levering over the next few quarters?
Natalie Derse: Yeah. I would say it's going to be a consistent approach that we've taken for the last handful of quarters. Of course, we all know what's happening in the debt market and the cost of debt now is very different than the environment than we were in a year ago. But both are very important for us in terms of capital allocation strategy. We'll strike the right balance quarter-in, quarter-out, not a specific percentage because we flex based on the macroeconomic indicators. So, everything from the cost of debt, the timing of the cash, Q2 is our highest use of cash, so we were largely constricted in terms of what else we could do for additional capital allocation, but we also know we're highly, highly cash generators. So the back half of capital allocation would be very, very balanced and very interesting.
Ryan Powderly: Got it. That's super helpful. Maybe for my follow-up. I'd just love to dig into one other part of net adds that was really interesting to see. Can you talk about first year retention and how that's been trending? Because I know we talked about that at Analyst Day, just what do you think is -- are there any improvements there and how has that been trending?
Natalie Derse: Yeah. So our first year retention rate is very consistent to up. And I'd point that to our continuously innovative product roadmap. The range of values and services that we are bringing to market is very, very competitive, very relevant and highly in-demand. And we make sure that we're not only bringing great products and services to market, but that we're competitively priced, and our messaging and our personalization is as cut through to the customers as possible so that they understand what we can be for them in their ever-increasing risk of cyber safety. And so, yes, we see very, very solid results in first year -- in all of our retention rates, which is why we've been able to scale up to 78% overall. But yes, the first year renewal rates are higher than they have been in the past.
Ryan Powderly: Very helpful. Thanks guys.
Natalie Derse: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your questions. Our next question comes from the line of Peter Levine with Evercore. Your line is now open.
Peter Levine: Thank you for taking my questions.
Natalie Derse: Hi, Peter.
Peter Levine: Specifically, first of all, can you talk about Genie AI -- hi, Natalie, how are you? So with -- I think you mentioned, I think it was like 1.6 million, 1.7 million downloads. But Vincent, in your commentary you called out, I think, you said more to come on that front, but will enable or embed AI across your core offerings. Can you maybe just talk a little bit about your kind of what the aspirations are there in terms of putting that across the platform? And then maybe explain to us the monetization opportunities, or if it's more of a tool to just to kind of be more competitive? Just help us kind of balance those out there.
Vincent Pilette: Yeah, it will be all of our lever, but let me explain, right. So definitely we can see a very strong rise in scam, personalized scam and volume personalized scams through the use of AI. And when we came out with Genie, we're singly focused on really developing our LLMs to be able to spot those scams and then help our consumers detect what is a scam and what is not. And we did that also with a conversational interface, you can also decide on what's the next step with the scam. We've had 1.6 million downloads, very strong models and I think we're now ready to move that into our overall portfolio. We'll start first with the Norton 360 membership being the core Genie assistant or the anti-scam assistant in the first three-level of our Norton 360 plan. And then we'll ramp-up in features moving from tech scams to voice scams to call blocks to scam insurance through the different plans, if you want, all the way to Norton 360 with LifeLock. So that's coming now. The first path of monetization is to help our customers to move and upgrade to the next level of plan that not only provides the current features of safety, but extend to all of those I've just mentioned. And there will be a Genie Pro cross-sell, if you want for those who want to stay steam to their old plan and just want to have a standalone anti-scam tool.
Peter Levine: Thanks for that. And maybe the second question or follow-up here is, benefits enrollment, I know this was the quarter and I think most would sign-up for it. So maybe can you just give us an update on how that pipeline kind of closed out for the quarter versus expectations? And then kind of if you think about how this season ended, any changes that you're making to the go-to-market or to your partners to kind of accelerate that for next year? Thanks.
Vincent Pilette: So, we continue to grow our employee benefit channel double-digit. It's both growing on acquiring new account, but also we're working with each account and putting the right marketing and communication engagement materials to have more sign-ups in those accounts. We've seen growth through the last few quarters. We have a very strong funnel. We've always had a very strong funnel. It comes more to another jump in growth if you want when it comes to the enrollment view where we can subscribe more customers if you want within those accounts. We obviously integrate everything we see, the strong funnel and the activity in marketing I have just mentioned into our forecast. And I think we feel very good about the continued development of that channel, in which we've enroll also on new products and go all the way to a full reputation defender service for executives and below.
Peter Levine: If I can actually just ask one more. Are these agreements when you go into a company and offer the benefits, is it an enterprise agreement or how does that get priced versus the consumer model? Just curious in terms of the pricing model versus the consumer model?
Vincent Pilette: Absolutely. So the pricing is kind of an enterprise agreement, but it's on a [proceed] (ph) basis. It either is fully sponsored or partially sponsored by the employer benefit plans, and the pricing is slightly below, but not materially below what you charge from the consumers.
Peter Levine: Thank you for the color. Thank you.
Vincent Pilette: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you for your questions. Our next question comes from the line of Tomer Zilberman with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Tomer Zilberman: Great. Hi guys. I wanted to go back to the direct customer net adds. So when we look at the 389,000, how much of that would you say is coming from the adds of international and mobile versus what you said the better identity sales on the back of the national data breach? And really what I'm trying to ask here is what do you think is the normalized customer growth in the remainder of the year?
Natalie Derse: Hey, this is Natalie. So I'll take that one. The majority of our customer count net adds sequentially has consistently been coming from, as we expand and broaden our solutions available on mobile, as well as our international market expansion. So both of those have been consistent levers and consistent drivers of growth for us in customer acquisition as we expand and get -- and increase the penetration, increase the value proposition that we've got with our mobile users. And that stayed consistent in Q2. And then on top of that, we saw the increased demand coming from the identity offerings. On a go-forward basis, we -- it is very, very critical for us to continuously focus on healthy customer acquisition. We do that on a global basis across all of brands, across all of our platforms. And we will continue to expand internationally as we identify new markets of healthy customer acquisition. And yes, we're just getting started in terms of expanding the value proposition and the engagement that we've got with the ever-growing mobile users and customers in our portfolio. In addition, we will continue to foster all of the brands across our portfolio. All of them are critical and on a go-forward basis we're going to be balancing our investments, whether it's product -- the product roadmap and the technology solutions that we bring, as well as combined with the different marketing channels that we've got to optimize the healthy customer acquisition that feeds our flywheel, feeds our increase in ARPU, feeds our cross-sell, feeds our upsell and therefore feeds our retention and accelerating bookings growth.
Tomer Zilberman: Got it. Excuse me. And maybe as a follow-up, looking at the guidance raise this year. For the full year, I saw in the quarter your negative currency impacts went down to about $1 million from $7 million over the last few quarters. How much of that is driving your guidance raise versus just the better business trends that you're seeing?
Natalie Derse: Yeah, it's immaterial for us. And then when we set our -- when we revise our guide, we just use the current currency rates that we all know as of right now. We don't predict or project any currency fluctuations.
Tomer Zilberman: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your questions. Our next question comes from the line of Hamza Fodderwala with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Hamza Fodderwala: Hey, good evening. Thank you for taking my questions.
Vincent Pilette: Hey.
Hamza Fodderwala: Hey. So I wanted -- it's a solid quarter in terms of top line, really strong sort of record net adds. I wanted to ask a question on the cost side of the equation. The EBIT margin, I think, was slightly higher than it was in recent quarters. I'm just curious on the cost side, what are you seeing in terms of advertising cost? I know in the past that kind of gone up and down, so I'm curious what you're seeing currently?
Natalie Derse: Yeah, it varies across all the brands, quite honestly in all the different channels. And we've got such a diverse set of channels and increasing marketing spend going to those channels. I think you're specifically talking about the gross margin rates. And yes, we do see shifts across our marketing portfolio. We optimize for healthy ROI customer acquisition and we leverage the different channel diversification that we've got. In terms of what's -- there is different accounting treatment depending on what marketing channels there are. So I would encourage you to consider that when you think about the gross margin versus the op margin versus the EBITDA margin. And that's why we're able to hold the operating margin so consistently quarter-over-quarter. It's just P&L profile of where the marketing channel expense for this quarter actually hit.
Hamza Fodderwala: Maybe can I be more specific in the direct-to-consumer side of the business, how would you say advertising costs have been trending in the last few quarters, up or down?
Natalie Derse: Yeah. So overall, I would say it is definitely getting more competitive. Now keep in mind, our CACs by brand and CACs by channel are very, very different. And so overall, it's stable to up in terms of cost of acquisition. But when you think about it side-by-side and when we talk about our business sequentially, when we talk about taking and leveraging the increased market demand for LifeLock, that's obviously going to be a much, much higher absolute dollar CAC to acquire that much higher valued customer than if you were to think about a lower AV security customer add in a new growth market internationally.
Hamza Fodderwala: Got it. So it's higher lifetime value subscriber, but maybe initially might be a little bit higher CAC, does that make sense? Okay. Thank you.
Natalie Derse: Yes.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our final question comes from the line of Dan Bergstrom with RBC. Your line is now open.
Dan Bergstrom: Hey, it's Dan Bergstrom for Matt Hedberg. Thanks for taking our questions. Natalie, you just mentioned accelerated bookings growth in your answer to one of the last questions. That 5% constant currency number, really nice to see, especially following the uptick to 4% last quarter. And then it looks like the key assumptions moved up to 4% to 5% from 3% to 5% last quarter. Maybe just what could that 5% portend for revenue growth over the next year? Should we think of maybe the difference between bookings and revenue growth that's maybe narrowing or maybe solidifying the potential around revenue acceleration? Just any further thoughts around the accelerating bookings growth here.
Natalie Derse: Yeah. A large -- the majority of our portfolio or our book of business is going to be ratable. And so it's about rolling off the balance sheet relatively consistently. We don't have a ton of seasonality in terms of the size of our quarters. And so largely speaking, super-high level, it will roll-off over the next 12 months. We do have our monthly subscribers, which is still a small share of our business, you would see that hitting bookings and revenue in the same period because we have recognized the revenue as we deliver on the service, so monthly. But largely speaking, our portfolio and our book of business is on an annual subscription and we -- the majority of that is ratable over the next four quarters.
Dan Bergstrom: That's helpful. Thanks. And then maybe a little more on any action that you may be undertook following that social security number breach. I mean, did you change marketing, messaging channels? It seems like you had pretty precious timing around the personal data exposure product. Any specifics you may have done to lean into it a little further?
Natalie Derse: Yes. We did a full reallocation in terms of assessing where to put the marketing dollars, a reallocation into the LifeLock business for sure in the brands and services. And with that, we did a healthy balance across the different channels to go where the demand was. There's a lot of demand for identity, obviously, in SEO as well as paid search, and then also the affiliate channels really helped us with referral traffic to bring them to our platform on the LifeLock side.
Dan Bergstrom: That's great. Thank you.
Natalie Derse: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for your questions. That concludes our Q&A session. I would now like to pass the conference to Vincent Pilette, CEO of Gen Digital Inc., for closing remarks.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you. As the leader in consumer cyber safety, we have a bold vision to provide digital freedom for everyone. The threat landscape is more dynamic than ever and our investments in technology, AI and product innovation are key to our success and future opportunities. We have a compelling AI-enabled product roadmap focused on security, financial safety, personal data control and other trust-based solutions. Our go-to-market strategy is effective and we have a long track record of serving our customers. We are well-positioned to expand the adoption of cyber safety globally with our trusted brands and omnichannel expertise. Thank you for your interest and your support.
Operator: That concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2025 Q1  (2024-08-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, everyone, thank you for standing by. My name is Tamia, and I will be your conference operator today. This call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks, I would like to pass the call over to Jason Starr, Head of Investor Relations.
Jason Starr: Thank you, Tamia. Good afternoon. Welcome to Gen's First Quarter Fiscal Year 2025 Earnings Call. Joining me today are Vincent Pilette, CEO; and Natalie Derse, CFO. As a reminder, there will be a replay of this call posted on the Investor Relations website, along with our slides and press release. I'd like to remind everyone that during this call, all references to the financial metrics are non-GAAP, and all growth rates are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. A reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP measures is included in our press release and our earnings presentation, both of which are available on our IR website at investor.gendigital.com. We encourage investors to monitor this website as we routinely post investor-oriented information such as news and events and financial filings. Today's call contains statements regarding our business, financial performance and operations including the impact of our business and industry that may be considered forward-looking statements, and such statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations as of today's date, August 1, 2024. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events. For more information, please refer to the cautionary statements in our press release and the risk factors in our filings with the SEC, and in particular, our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q. And now I'll turn the call over to Vincent.
Vincent Pilette: Thanks, Jason, and welcome, everyone, to our Q1 earnings call. We have started fiscal '25 on a good note with our operating KPIs supporting our long-term aspirations. We grew cyber safety bookings 4% in constant currency and reached a record direct customer count of 39.3 million, up 1.1 million year-over-year. . Additionally, ARPU is up sequentially and year-over-year in constant currency and retention reached 78%, a Gen record supported by record level in LifeLock and Avast. Our consistent focus on execution resulted in another double-digit growth quarter for earnings per share at $0.53 in Q1, up 15% in constant currency. I'm proud of our team for delivering these results and for our continued focus on evolving cyber safety for consumers in a very dynamic threat landscape. Before Natalie walks you through the details of our results, I would like first to remind everyone about our strategic opportunity and the steady progress we are making to achieve our cyber safety mission. Whether it is a biometric payment at the retail store or our personal performance data combined with recommendation algorithm to buy sportswear, it seems like not a day goes by where we don't do something digitally without sharing more personal information. And while these experiences can be convenient, our growing digital life leads to the proliferation of sensitive personal information, which is difficult to properly safeguard as it is increasingly out of our control. We depend on our banks, our government institutions and mobile providers and our retailers to protect our data. And yet, as we can all see by the ever-increasing number of data breaches in all industries, it is tremendously hard for them to do. In just the first half of 2024, we have seen more than 2,000 reported breaches per month across the globe. And those are just the reported breaches, not to mention the many that occur across very small businesses, the local doctor offices, schools and shops that also get access to our sensitive personal data. Recent global breaches highlighted the growing threat of cyber attacks, which are often targeted at exploiting human vulnerabilities. In the aftermath of such events, there is a surge in impersonation scams, suspicious e-mails and text messages designed to trick people into sharing personal information. The rapid development of generative AI has made it easier for criminals to create more personalized and believable scams, including deepfake clones. The potential scope of these threats is broadening, resulting in significant economic and reputational damages. It is clear to anyone paying attention that these threats are creating a dynamic threat landscape making consumers worldwide more vulnerable than ever to real threats to their privacy, identity and financial assets. And even the more careful and vigilant people, we struggle to control where their personal data lives and will have little to no visibility into how governments, companies and small businesses protect their data, identity and reputation, which I believe are amongst the most valuable assets. I strongly believe that it is not a question of if your personal data will be compromised, if it hasn't occurred already yet, but when. And that is why the team at Gen has met protecting new, your data and your digital identity, our lives work. It is our never-ending mission that we deliver through constant innovation. Today, we already have the most comprehensive product portfolio that meets the consumer needs for security, identity, privacy and reputation. Our flagship cyber safety membership offerings, Norton 360, Avast One and Avira Prime continued to gain traction and regularly received industry recognition and awards for the way we protect against the merits of cyber threats. We don't just stop at delivering to consumers industry-leading technology. We know that providing our customers with best-in-class services sets us apart from our competitors. Solution like LifeLock and ReputationDefender deliver personal live service to help protect and restore your identity and reputation in the event you become a victim. By focusing on the customer journeys with us, both products have achieved top ratings with LifeLock recognized as the best identity theft service in the marketplace and ReputationDefender with a near perfect rating for reputation management. As the leader of the industry, we are constantly investing in innovation to still have of potential threats and provide our customers with the best possible cyber safety protection. Yesterday, we launched Norton Ultra VPN, which offers more comprehensive online protection with 3 different plans catering to individuals, couples and families. Not only Ultra VPN provides the best online privacy, dark web monitoring, VPN protocol support and worldwide content access. In addition, it offers protection against scams, viruses, malware and ransomware as well as a password manager and parental control. We believe it is the best and the next generation of VPN solution, offering a modern and personalized approach to cyber safety and adds another entry door into total comprehensive cyber safety. We're so excited to bring Norton Ultra VPN to consumers. Not only is this a great product that meets the customer needs but it also represents the promise of all the hard integration work we put into bringing 2 companies technology together under a new single common architecture. Norton Ultra VPN is built on the new Gen stack, which help us not only with the innovation and the feature we delivered, but also with the speed with which we were able to bring it to market. And in the future, as we take those capabilities and combine them with our ever-expanding AI tools, we currently to see what we can deliver in terms of customer experience and ease of use. Over time, that will result in improved customer loyalty and greater engagement, leading to more value-add cross-sell and upsells. The last point I want to touch on today is that most everyone has heard about cybercrime and cyber security, but most people are not fully aware of the very real risk that they are exposed to and often not adequately protected from. At Gen, we are hard at work every day communicating, educating and earning the trust of consumers around the world. Although we have a host of industry-leading brands that enables us to serve the needs of hundreds of millions of diverse customers across over 150 countries, we feel it is also our responsibility to constantly educate and inform people about cyber risk to their impact to initiatives such as our recent campaign. This campaign uses art and psychology to demonstrate the emotional impact of cybercrime and helps people take the right steps to proactively protect themselves online. This quarter, we also launched our personal data exposure scan by LifeLock, which is a comprehensive scam of millions of data points online, combining with our privacy monitoring and dark web algorithms. By simply entering an e-mail address individuals can obtain a free report card detailing all their supposedly private information that may be actually publicly available. These tools are free to everyone and give consumer visibility to their digital footprint so they can better protect themselves. All this type of cyber safety awareness initiatives are beginning to pay off as we grew cyber safety bookings and revenue by 4% in Q1. We had strong momentum in the identity and privacy business lines with bookings up 6%, supported by double-digit new customer acquisition in that segment and accelerating privacy cross-sell growth. This success reflects the increasing consumer awareness of identity risk from recently reported breaches. Although the identity market remains mostly U.S.-based today, we continue to make steady traction in our efforts to expand identity protection globally, introducing Norton 360 Advance to 8 markets in Europe, providing customers additional identity protection services such as dark web monitoring, social media monitoring, stolen wallet assistant and ID restoration. Now despite the importance of comprehensive cyber safety, most consumers mistakenly believe it won't happen to them or still believe that they digitalize our safe basically choosing to self-insure. And 2/3 of cyber safety customers have only basic security or even just device security. But in today's user-centric cloud-based digital world, information and identity risk transcend personal devices. We believe that comprehensive cyber safety is paramount and yet still massively underpenetrated. And with our technology portfolio, focus on innovation, trusted brands and channel expansion, we are well positioned to drive its adoption. This is a never-ending mission. So in summary, we are pleased with our Q1 results and promising start to fiscal 2025. We are confident that our customer centricity, innovation and disciplined execution will enable us to deliver on our goals for not only this year, but also on our plan to accelerate long-term profitable revenue growth to further increase shareholder value. And with that, let me pass it on to Natalie to review our performance in details.
Natalie Derse: Thank you, Vincent, and hello, everyone. For today's call, I will walk through our fiscal Q1 2025 results followed by our outlook for Q2 and full year fiscal year 2025. I will focus on non-GAAP financials and year-over-year growth rates unless otherwise stated. Before I begin, I want to highlight that -- as disclosed in today's presentation and our recent Form 8-K, we made a revision to our historical practice of when we recognize revenue for certain customers changing from successful bill date to renewal date. The impact of the revision is immaterial however for comparative purposes, we have corrected for this in prior periods reported. Please refer to the supplemental information section of today's slide presentation available on our IR website as well as our Q1 Form 10-Q for more details. Now turning to Q1 results. Q1 was another quarter of solid execution with financial results at the midpoint of our guidance and reflects our 20th consecutive quarter of growth. Q1 bookings were $913 million, up 3% in USD and 4% in constant currency. Cyber Safety bookings, which exclude our legacy business lines, also grew 4% year-over-year in constant currency. Total Q1 revenue was $965 million, up 2% in USD and up 3% in constant currency. Cyber safety revenue grew 4% year-over-year in constant currency, driven by our privacy and identity business lines as well as continued cross-sell penetration into the Norton base. In the U.S., we also grew 4% with expanding demand for privacy and identity protection services, attracting new customers through direct and partner channels and scaling cross-sells with our existing customers. We also continued to further penetrate international markets with varying degrees of market maturity as we continue to seed new acquisitions and expand the reach of our cyber safety services. We will continue to execute on all levers at our disposal to drive broad-based growth in a profitable manner. Direct revenue was $850 million, up 3% in constant currency supported by improvements across our key performance metrics of direct customers, average revenue per consumer and retention rate. Let me share some specifics. A key ingredient to our growth strategy is driving net new customers. And in Q1, we expanded our customer base for the fourth consecutive quarter increasing to $39.3 million, up $192,000 sequentially and up $1.1 million year-over-year. We continue to invest in a broad range of marketing channels to reach new audiences generate more traffic to our sites while optimizing conversion. We are acquiring new customers with healthy ROIs as we further penetrate international markets with our mobile offerings. Leveraging our brand trust and awareness, combined with our highly rated award-winning product portfolio, we will continue to push through with our diverse set of acquisition channels to grow our customer base. On monetization, our monthly direct ARPU was USD 7.23 in, up $0.01 sequentially and down $0.01 compared to last year's result. However, please note, this result absorbed $0.04 of negative FX headwinds year-over-year and $0.02 sequentially. The Operationally, ARPU remained stable to slightly up across our customer cohorts by brand and market. And as we grow our customer base, we have demonstrated the ability to further monetize through cross sells and upsells. With the Norton base, cross-sell penetration has grown from 15% to 20% over the past year. We have leveraged at best practices to offer the most suitable complementary products during the right moments of truth that will further protect customers and their growing digital needs. We also continue to refine our upsell playbook to guide our customers toward higher tier memberships with more comprehensive protection and exciting opportunity for growth as we look to the next few years. The expanded value proposition provided to our customers is also reflected in the retention increases to date. In Q1, our direct retention rate was nearly 78% improving year-over-year and progressing towards our goal of 80%. As we move through the Gen stack simplification, we see more opportunities to drive higher customer loyalty and increase lifetime value leveraging better targeting capabilities to create more personalized customer experiences through their journey, in turn, activating the growth flywheel as we've previously shared. Turning to our partner business. Partner revenue was $101 million in Q1, up 4% year-over-year as reported and up 6% in constant currency. Our employee benefits channel pipeline is robust as organizations increasingly recognize the importance of protecting their workers from the identity and cyber risks they face. We continue to strengthen strategic partnerships with telcos, financial services and insurance providers to expand our identity offerings and we are also driving higher penetration of our private browsers and search partnerships. Scaling our partner business to $0.5 billion in annual revenue is a key component to achieving our overall growth plan. and we are confident in the progress we're making. Rounding out our revenue, our legacy business lines contributed $14 million this quarter, down from $17 million in the prior year. As a reminder, we expect our legacy revenues to continue declining double digits year-over-year and represent less than 2% of our revenue. Turning to profitability. Q1 operating income was $564 million, up 4% year-over-year and up 5% in constant currency, translating to an operating margin of 58.4%. We continue to make disciplined investments in targeted growth opportunities to reach new customers through full funnel marketing efforts and expand our international presence. We're also solidifying our technology capabilities, including the new Gen Stack simplification to quickly adapt to ever-changing cyber threats and drive innovation through new offerings such as Norton Ultra VPN to add to our comprehensive cyber safety product portfolio. Within our core, we will continue to drive efficiencies and productivity that can be reinvested into additional growth levers. Q1 net income was $335 million, up 11% year-over-year. Diluted EPS was $0.53 for the quarter, up 13% year-over-year and up 15% in constant currency. Interest expense related to our debt was $146 million. Our non-GAAP tax rate remains steady at 22%, and our ending share count was $627 million down $16 million year-over-year, reflecting the impact of share repurchases. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow. Q1 ending cash balance was $644 million. We are supported by over $2 billion of total liquidity, consisting of our ending Q1 cash balance and a $1.5 billion revolver. Q1 operating cash flow was $264 million and free cash flow was $262 million, which included approximately $187 million of cash interest payments this quarter. As a reminder, earlier in Q1, we successfully repriced our existing Term Loan B, removing Removing the credit spread adjustment and lowering the credit spread associated with it from 200 basis points over SOFR to 175 basis points. And as we see every year, we expect Q2 to be the lowest quarter of the year for operating cash flow given the concentration of tax payments that are due. Turning to capital allocation. We remain balanced with our capital deployment and are committed to returning 100% of excess free cash flow to shareholders. We voluntarily repaid $30 million of our term loan B as well as $58 million for our maturity schedule and are now 3.5x net levered. We also deployed $272 million for share repurchases this quarter, the equivalent of 11 million shares as part of the expanded $3 billion buyback program approved by the Board in May of 2024. Since the start of fiscal year '23, we have remained committed to a balanced capital allocation strategy, paying down $2 billion worth of debt and deploying a total of $1.6 billion of share repurchases over that time period. We paid $82 million to shareholders in the form of our regular quarterly dividend of $0.125 per common share. For Q2 fiscal 2025, the Board of Directors approved a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.125 per common share to be paid on September 11, 2024, for all shareholders of record as of the close of business on August 19, 2024. With our strong cash flow generation, we will continue to balance debt paydown and opportunistic share buyback deployment to help achieve our goals of delivering EPS growth of 12% to 15% and driving net leverage below 3x EBITDA by fiscal year 2027. Now turning to our Q2 and fiscal '25 outlook. For Q2, we expect non-GAAP revenue in the range of $965 million to $975 million, translating to 3% to 4% growth in cyber safety and Q2 non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $0.53 to $0.55, up 13% to 17%. For fiscal year 2025, we are reaffirming our prior guidance. We expect full year revenue in the range of $3.89 billion to $3.93 billion, translating to 3% to 4% growth in cyber safety expressed in constant currency supported by expected cyber safety bookings growth of 3% to 5%. We expect non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $2.17 to $2.23 per share representing an annual increase of 12% to 15% in constant currency. Please note that we expect continued FX headwinds to impact our reported revenue primarily from the Japanese yen which is depreciated over the last year. In summary, our Q1 results keep us on target for our 2025 plan, and we remain well positioned to achieve our longer-term goals. Our key performance indicators continue to trend in the right direction. We are executing our plan and our strategic growth framework provides us guide points along the journey. We look forward to reporting on our progress over the year. As always, thank you for your time today. And I will now turn the call back to the operator to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Dan Bergstrom with RBC.
Dan Bergstrom: It's Dan Bergstrom for Matt Hedberg. It was nice to see the uptick in retention this quarter. I guess what are some initiatives there that are working well for you from a retention perspective? And then is there maybe a good way to think about retention in the sense of -- was there some low-hanging fruit following the merger and incremental gains from here, maybe a little more challenging? Or is it more of a steady march to that 80% target?
Vincent Pilette: Yes. Thanks for your question. This is Vincent. And I'll take that answer. Just as a context for those who were not here 18 months ago, when we merged with Avast, our retention rate on an aggregated basis for all the brands and the new gen company was around 75%. And we identified about 5 points overall improvement that would drive all the way to our target 80% retention rate for Jen. A big portion of that improvement was for Aavas itself was around 65% retention, and we told we could bring that business to a 75% retention rate overall. And so initially, yes, we had a few low-hanging food, as you know, or as you remember, Norton LifeLock combined was at a retention rate closer to 85%. And we had a lot of good practices around the whole customer journey, breaking it down by the different experiences that a customer would have in trying to get the best optimal output for those. We apply those expertise and practices to the entire portfolio and improve for first 2 points from 75% to 77%. And then we said that the remaining will be over the next few quarters, maybe next couple of years as we really roll out the new gen stack. So this quarter, we reached 78% with actually an Avast record retention rate of 72% and but also improve a LifeLock retention rate to a record level as well. And I think you see here 2 -- the benefit of 2 dynamics. The first 1 is the rollout of the new Gen stack, which is much more aligned to a suite with high engagement in-app communications -- and that engagement and the ability to demonstrate the value to the customers has led to improved retention rate. And then the second component to this is the work we've done and the work we are doing in breaking down the journey of the customers through our cyber safety cycles and really providing the right value at the right time using some of the AI and data analytics that we have built, and we're going to continue to roll those 2, the new Gen stack migration towards a suite approach on 1 side and then the buildup of new features and AI-enabled communications into that suite.
Dan Bergstrom: That's very impressive. And then you called out cross-sell a number of times in the prepared remarks, and it is 1 of those 5 or 5 drivers through Investor Day. How should we think about cross-sell in the context of maybe what you've accomplished so far using, let's say, a vast as a template this time? And then what could still be done here on Norton and LifeLock from a cross-sell perspective?
Vincent Pilette: Yes. So as we discussed 6, 8 months ago now, and that is there, right, we say 1 of the 5 drivers was to increase the cross-sell and basically behind that. it basically means moving customers that have entered cyber safety from a point product to a broader comprehensive cyber safety privacy and some of the identity features have been a very strong cross-sell this quarter. Before that, it was really about taking the products from the Avast portfolio that was more point products specifically and cross-selling into the Norton base and using their practice of cross-selling, if you want, again, at the right time and using as much as we can, data scientists to deliver the right message at the right time. I think we've seen a trend of moving more and more towards that either total comprehensive cyber safety or towards more that privacy identity angle -- and we'll see -- you'll see us continue to develop that. We have more room into Norton where we've made progress, but it will be a 3-year road map, as you know. And then we still have a lot of room in what you did mention, which is the upsell, which is the migration towards the overall suite. Today, we're slightly above 40% in the total portfolio. And I think we have an opportunity to go to where we had brought the Northern LifeLock portfolio, which was 60%. So both cross-sell and upsell have made progress identity and privacy where essentially the focus and cross-sell plus upsell is the big opportunity moving forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Peter Levine with Evercore.
Peter Levine: Natalie, just the first 1 for you is as you think about the guidance for the remainder year what assumptions are baked into that? And then how do you think about the health of the consumer? Any color that you can give us around kind of what you're seeing from your pipeline in terms of just the overall health of the consumer into fiscal '25 versus where you were, call it, 6 to 12 months last year.
Natalie Derse: Yes. Thanks for the question. So the guide is very much in line with the plans that we've articulated for you guys. It's -- the 5 for 5 is the structural growth framework and not that every 1 of those levers hit the same order of magnitude at the same quarters in the same years. But that is our strategic growth framework, and we've got the business aligned to that. In terms of Yes, the team is focused on gross acquisition. Very, very important to get the health at the top of the funnel. We've spent a lot of time and focus on figuring out all the different cohorts that we've got in our customer base and how we retain them at the highest rates possible. And then ARPU, right? We've got to make sure that we continuously stay focused on having the most robust product road map that can fuel our growth opportunities in both cross-sell as well as upsell and again, continuously communicate with our customers that we have the most relevant, most comprehensive cyber safety protection in the market. And so all of those things coming together as we navigate through the year is what helps us shore up not only the Q2 guide, but our reiteration of the full year guide. And then in terms of the health of the consumer, look, there's been a lot of movement and a lot of things in the news in the last couple of days. But what I can tell you is what I can see within our business. And so we are growing customers, both from a gross adds perspective, we've just seen our highest Q1 that we've seen in 4 years. From a cancellation perspective, we've seen the lowest number of cancels we've seen in the last 3 years. So whether that's the health of the customer or that's the awareness of the ever-increasing cyber safety threats that we've got combined with our trusted brands, from a customer count perspective, we see health and we see growth. And then combine that with the other 2 legs of the stool, as I speak about it in terms of what is happening in ARPU. Affects aside, we are growing ARPU consistently quarter-over-quarter, and we have seen increases in the last year across our brands in retention rate. And so from the measures of our customer in those 3 key performance indicators, I see a lot of help in our customer base.
Peter Levine: And then if I can jump to the product side. I think last quarter, we talked and we touched the least on the ask. I think it was asked on silver the membership offering, and you talked about the newer Gen Stack initiative. Can you maybe just give us an update on how that's trending?
Vincent Pilette: Yes. So on the rollout of the new Gen stack, we started at the end of the fiscal year. We just have a couple of small countries in the Asia region to test. We had very good positive results. Since then, we've expanded to a few more countries. We rolled out our first new cohorts because we're doing by customer cohort in the U.S. We're very cautious monitoring, monitoring the first -- the NPS after first rollout, measuring the engagement, comparing that to prior. And we said it will take the full year to roll out the new stock -- and I think we're on track to that, and we're not changing that time line. We're pleased by what we see so far. There's up and down. Obviously, we roll out new adjustments and as we get customer feedback, but overall, pretty positive.
Operator: The following comes from Tomer Zilberman with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Tomer Zilberman: Maybe just two quick questions for me. So this quarter, your sequential direct customer adds came in pretty strong, and you also talked about cross-sell penetration now nearing the with your guidance -- or excuse me, with your performance falling in line with your guidance, my question is, how did the difference between existing customers and new customers play in per your expectation or versus your expectations? Three months ago, was it in line? Or did you see 1 of the 2 performing better than expected?
Natalie Derse: Yes, I would say it's a balance across the metrics, and we've got different teams aligned to different segments of that 5 to 5 strategic growth framework. In terms of how the customers performed, we are honestly working extremely, really hard from a disciplined fashion to free up as much capacity for investment for growth as we can. And so we've made a commitment, and we stand behind that commitment in operation and execution to continue to invest in marketing. That marketing goes to the top of the funnel. So we are not surprised by the growth in customer count on a sequential basis. And so from a gross adds perspective, like I said, it's the highest gross adds we've seen in several years. And then from a retention perspective and ARPU perspective, the levers of cross-sell. We are just getting started, quite honestly. We're very, very proud of the performance that our teams have driven in cross-sell penetration of the Norton base moving from 15% to 20% in the last year. But we are at 20%, and we feel like we have a ways to go, especially because we're not dealing or we're not selling into a stagnant customer base with a stagnant product portfolio, both are growing. And so we will continuously invest in product and technology enhance our value proposition. We will continuously work to cut through the message with our trusted brand and services to our customers, and we'll continue to focus on retention to make sure that the customers that we've got want to stay with us, and they're getting world-class customer service and protected by a product and technology value creation that is ever increasing.
Tomer Zilberman: Got it. So maybe as a follow-up, moving to ARPU and some of the FX headwinds. What sort of hedging activities are you putting in place to protect against the weakening yen.
Natalie Derse: I don't hedge against the yen from currency rate perspective. We fix a rate at the beginning, and that's why we report USD versus constant currency. .
Operator: The next question comes from Saket Kalia with Barclays.
Saket Kalia: Vincent, Natalie I joined late, so apologies -- so apologies if some of these have been asked, but Vincent, maybe just to start with you on just another part of the business. I think we get into the benefits enrollment season next quarter. And I know that last year, there was a little bit of lumpiness there. And can you just talk a little bit about how that pipeline looks? And maybe anything that you think about doing differently this time versus last year?
Vincent Pilette: Yes, absolutely, Saket. And no worries about joining late. The good news is we're recording the call, and we gave a lot of good information on where we stand with our business overall. We feel pretty good. You may have heard or we may have already joined our partner this quarter partner business, which is 10% of our overall business, it grew 6% in constant currency. As you know, it's made of categories, and I'm summarizing the context to give everybody context to your question. And it's about telcos selling 2 telcos solutions, our employee benefit strategic relationships and then retail. Both telcos and EB will continue to grow double digit within that partnership revenue. And what you refer to is the fact that we signed a new -- a set of new accounts and then ahead of the enrollment time for employee benefit which start normally around October, October to February time zone, we may or may not close bigger deals into new accounts. So we've continued to invest into building up our overall coverage of the entire set of companies working through brokers. We have a very healthy funnel. And I think not different than last year, we will try to, as aggressively as we can close as many deals as we can. Now obviously, when it comes to estimating which deal force into the full annual guidance, we feel we definitely have a very healthy funnel to cover the forecast for the year.
Saket Kalia: Got it. Got it. That's very helpful. Natalie, maybe for my follow-up for you. Listen, the operating margin also speaks for itself. My question was just maybe on the gross margin. Last couple of quarters, it's just, I don't know, maybe like 100 basis points lower than it's been from the prior few quarters. So maybe the question is, can you talk to just any investments that are going into cost of sales? Or anything that we should continue there that should anything we should think about as we model growth, the difference between gross margin and OpEx going forward?
Natalie Derse: Saket, thanks for the question. Yes, I think it is definitely appropriate to call out just what high margins we operate the business from both the gross margin and the operating margin. Operating margin has improved 7 points over the last 3 years, up 5 points over the last 2 years. So I think that is the real measure of how we operate. It's a disciplined approach. It is one of very, very high margin, and we are committed to that. However, we also said as we navigate the business forward, although we're going to operate the core at those very high margins that we've been increasing to, we also reserve the right to invest in areas of growth that we believe are healthy and that will lead us to supporting the 5 to 5 growth strategy because everyone wants to see an accelerating rate of growth on the top line. And so although you see 86.3% gross margin this quarter, that's flat quarter-over-quarter, down year-over-year, yes, but I would ask that you just zoom out a bit further. Gross margin is relatively stable. If you look back at 22%, you look back at 23%, it's incredibly stable. I would say the only pop that I would say that we've seen is honestly just P&L geography of our investments. We will continue to put firepower behind profitable, healthy ROI marketing investment to drive the top of the funnel and that's all you're seeing with the gross margin variability. I would say, zoom out, look at the overall 86% to 87% range on gross margin and look to the operating margin health and stability that we've delivered over the last few years.
Operator: The final question comes from Hamza Fodderwala with Morgan Stanley.
Unidentified Analyst: This is John on for Hamza. And great results in a very tough environment. Vincent, just for you, can you just talk about how -- you mentioned Gen AI in the prepared remarks, but -- can you just touch a little deeper into kind of what's driving growth there in terms of maybe brand awareness across different geos? And just what the opportunity overall there looks like?
Vincent Pilette: Yes. Definitely, we've seen -- first of all, on the upstream, we've seen definitely a very strong double-digit growth increase on data breaches and data getting into the hands of the overall hacking community. We've seen a surge of increased scams, and other things using some of those social engineering techniques to combine data breached with other private information that may sit in the -- on the web and making the scans more and more relatable personable -- and with that, obviously, increasing the risks for consumers. As you know, we've decided to use AI to combat AI, and we had launched Nortan Genie to detect those scams more and more. We have now well over 1 million users or download of that Norton Genie app and emerging for the second half, we're migrating that to integrate a basic anti-scam AI-supported features into multiple product sets. So you'll see more and more shift towards using AI to detect AI-generated scam today.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. That's very helpful. And just for my follow-up for Natalie. So net adds were obviously very strong again this quarter. Can you just talk a little bit about the contribution across different geographies? And maybe any color on how you're thinking about net adds tracking throughout the year if you have any visibility?
Natalie Derse: Sure. I would say it's pretty broad-based. We look at it both online as well as mobile. We look at it by geography. We look at it across brands. And I would say when we look at the multiyear trending, we are headed in the right direction. And so I would say it's broad-based. We have called out the -- as we expand in the global expansion portion of our 5 for 5 and focus on acquisition not only direct into, I would say, low penetrated markets or underdeveloped markets as well as through our partner channels, we know that the customers that we are able to acquire come in all shapes and sizes, so to speak. And so we've got to figure out a way to balance those through our model -- but what we really focus on is the acquisition coming through with economics that we like and that point to health and sustainability. And the answer is yes, no matter which pivots that you look at, whether it's geography, whether it's brand or whether it's the way that consumers engage with us. And so that's great. And then in terms of where we're going, I don't guide customer count quarter in, quarter out. But what I would really point you to is our commitment to continue to create the capacity to invest for growth. We are here to accelerate the rate of growth of this business, and there's no way we can do that if we don't really focus that fair share at the top of the funnel with net new acquisition. Gross adds, yes, but also net customer adds as we continue to focus on delighting our customers and therefore, increasing the retention rate of our existing customers. Both are so, so critically important for our business model, and we will continue to invest in growing the top of the funnel and then servicing our customers all the way through their journey to make sure that they retain at the highest rate possible.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back to Vincent Pilette for closing remarks.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you, operator. As the leading company in consumer cyber safety, we have a bold vision to provide digital freedom for everyone. The threat landscape is more dynamic than ever, and our investments in technology, AI and product innovation are key to our success and future opportunities. . We have a compelling AI-enabled product road map focused on security, financial safety, personal data control and verification. Our go-to-market strategy is effective, and we have a long track record of serving our customers. we are well positioned to expand the adoption of cyber safety globally with our trusted brands and omnichannel expertise. Thank you for your interest and your support.
Operator: This concludes the conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-05-09 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for standing by. My name is Joel, and I will be your conference operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to Gen's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2024 Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded and all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be question-and-answer session. At this time, for opening remarks, I would like to pass the call over to Jason Starr, Head of Investor Relations. You may proceed.
Jason Starr: Thank you, Joel. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Gen's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2024 Earnings Call. Joining me today are Vincent Pilette, CEO; and Natalie Derse, CFO. As a reminder, there will be a replay of this call posted on the Investor Relations website, along with our slides and press release. I'd like to remind everyone that during this call, all references to the financial metrics are non-GAAP, and all growth rates are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. A reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP measures is included in our press release and earnings presentation, both of which are available on our website at investor.gendigital.com. We encourage investors to monitor this website as we routinely post investor-oriented information such as news and events and financial filings. Today's call contains statements regarding our business, financial performance and operations, including the impact of our business and industry that may be considered forward-looking statements and such statements of risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations as of today's date, May 9, 2024. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events. For more information, please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release and the risk factors in our filings with the SEC, and in particular, our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q. And now I'll turn the call over to Vincent.
Vincent Pilette: Thanks, Jason. Good afternoon, and thank you all for joining our Q4 and fiscal year 2014 earnings call. Fiscal 2024 was our first full year at Gen and what a transformational year it was. We finished the year with strong operating results across the board and deliberative year of organic growth with revenue -- with record revenue, profitability and cash flow. Our Q4 and full year results reinforce our confidence in the tremendous opportunity in consumer cyber safety and put us right on track to meet our long-term aspirations. Natalie will take you through the details of our quarterly and annual financial performance, but I would like to take a moment to talk more about the opportunity in consumer cybersafety and why we are so well positioned to win. You have heard me say it many times, Gen Digital is now just live, but the risks it creates are different. They're bigger, they're more pervasive and are getting more and more sophisticated as quickly as our lives move online, the cyber risk dynamically follow. Everywhere you look nowadays, you hear about data being from telecom providers, health care companies, banks, leading our makers and even government organizations. And those are just from these first few months of 2024. Cyber risk are here to stay, but we know that Gen can bring comprehensive cybersafety protection to everyone in a way no one else can. In an always-on world, bad actors have completed to threaten new privacy, identity and financial assets. We have seen a significant increase in scans delivered through malvertising and malicious browser notifications, the majority of which were social engineered attacks with massive growth in bidding scans, up tenfold year-over-year. The increasing sophistication and entity of fishing campaigns up 40% year-over-year, targeted spearfishing attacks like PII on the dark web and the emerging use of generative AI technologies by threat actors are all accelerating the shift in focus from device to user-centric security. And as this threat landscape continues to rapidly evolve, so do the Cyber Safety needs of consumers, providing a compelling and dynamic market opportunity. Many others will try to convince consumers that their safety is important to them, but most have other substantial interest in delivering their core services or even monetizing your data. At Gen, Cyber Safety is not something on the side that can be at odds with another business model, it is our mission and the most important we do. Unlike many other players, we have teams dedicated to uncovering researching and stopping new threats in their tracks. In fiscal year 2024, we blocked over 12 billion attacks using threat telemetry data from those to update our models 500 times a day and train them on data sets that are 6 petabytes large. In our labs, our researchers and AI scientists are catching up with anomalies and patterns to deliver insights to consumers and our product teams so we can keep up with dynamic threats. The combination of those, people plus our technology, results in us having developed and deployed on all major platforms and devices, an engine and technology stack that is second to none. And when you add in our AI capabilities in consumer Cyber Safety, alongside with our market-leading visibility across the entire ecosystem, we expect to continue to lead the way with the strongest most relevant protection that delivers value and peace of mind for millions of loyal customers. Our people and technology are the foundation of the most complete and comprehensive product portfolio in the industry. We have our customers covered on all fronts that they are facing a threat to the online security, privacy, identity or reputation. And just as important as all those features that we deliver, we also demand that our engineers, product managers, designers, and other specialists find ways to make our offering fit the real-world needs of consumers. We were the first to come up with the all-in-one Cyber Safety membership because we believed it was what consumers wanted and needed, and we were right. So the over 40% of our customers have adopted the Cyber Safety membership, and we continue to see that grow as we expanded the membership value through offering identity and privacy features internationally and into the Avast offering, along with the launch of Avast Identity and the release of new Avast One membership tiers, enabling customers to tailor their security, privacy or performance coverage based on their own needs, preferences, or risk profile. While we strongly believe in the need for and the value delivered with our member tiers, we also know that not everyone leaves their digital life in the same way or that each person understand all the cyber threats at the same level. Still today, many customers are only looking for spec solution, and we are hard at work on delivering innovation in our point products to meet the needs of those consumers. In January, we launched our first AI-driven anti-scam app called Norton Genie. With these thee anti-scam assistant in your pocket, customer can determine if a text or social media post is a scam featuring conversational UI for additional insights. At the end of April, we crossed one million downloads in just 100 days and customer satisfaction was high with Norton Genie rated 4.7 stars. It's a good start if you ask me. And the great thing is that the more it is used, the better it gets. Another innovation that we are proud of is Total Radius, which we fully launched in January 2024, Total Radius is a 360-degree repetition defender tool that fully and automatically analyzes your online information to help you quickly take actions on content to protect your digital reputation. Our consumer-centric approach combines key consumer trends with deep insight about the threat landscape and emerging technologies. We want to simplify your digital life, protect your ever-growing number of online transactions, bring new visibility to the privacy risks and do it seamlessly and in real time through the deployment of generative AI consumer use cases. No one can bring these things together like Gen. And now with our new Gen Stack, which I will talk more about later, we will be able to adapt to and more quickly needs, the needs of our customers. Its truly has been a transformational year for Gen, and I can't tell you how proud I am of what this team has accomplished. Some things were out of our control that definitely changed the world in our business. Conflicts in multiple regions, volatile macroeconomic contents with spiking interest rates, and dramatic currency fluctuations. Despite those very real challenges this team delivered. For the full fiscal year and for the last three consecutive quarters, turning to our customer accounts to grow. We now have in total over 65 million paid customers, 39 million of which are direct and hundreds of millions of users. More importantly, our customers are showing greater engagement and satisfaction across all of our brands. With respect to the commitments we made when we acquired Avast, we delivered on those as well despite the very material change to the cost of our debt. In terms of cost synergies, we beat and raise on that front, and we did it faster than expected. On top of that, we didn't just reduce cost. We worked together the best assets of NortonLifeLock and Avast. We laid the foundation to tackle cybersafety by tightly integrating the fabric of two industry leaders to create things like our integrated technology stack, which delivers the full suite of our capabilities to our customers in a more modern and accessible way. We call it the Gen Stack. And over the last 18 months, our engineers, designers and product managers have tirelessly to consolidate our tech portfolio into a single, scalable and modular platform. This quarter, we released Norton 360 for Windows and Mac on the new stack in selected countries with the majority of our customers to experience our new platform in a phased approach as we move through this new fiscal year. With our new Gen Stack, we are marching towards a vision of increased personalization and empowerment through natural, tailored, contextual communication this kind of AI enhancements and innovation will lead to a better customer experience, and we believe improve loyalty and value-add cross-sell and upsell. AI has been and will only become more pivotal for us. We will continue to enhance our portfolio to address new threats. We'll also keep investing in AI to expand the types of new solutions and the way we bring them to our customers. We know that as we keep addressing this growing set of needs, our growth will accelerate over time. Our AI infused road map, which addresses security, financial safety, personal data control and verification, combined insight into the threat landscape and II technology enables us to deliver on a mission of protecting and empowering people's digital lives, and we're just getting started. Before I pass it to Natalie, I do want to thank the team and our loyal customers for another strong year. We delivered a fifth organic growth and adoption of our offering with almost 1 million net direct customer add and establish the identity and mission-driven culture of Gen in our first full year together. We are confident that our reach, customer centricity, innovation and, of course, disciplined execution will enable us to deliver on our strategy to accelerate long-term and profitable revenue growth and increase shareholder value. I could not be prouder of what we have accomplished together and more excited about our prospects. Finally, I would be remiss if I didn't thank Andre Walcheck for his contributions in putting Gen on this track. Three years ago, Andre and I dreamt about bringing two industry leaders together to transform consumer cybersafety. Three years have now passed along with the successful integration and Andre has decided to step down as President. Andre will still be a big part of Gen's future, as I know he will remain a trusted sounding board and supporter of our leadership team. And of course, he will continue to help shape the strategy from his seat on our Board of Directors. And with that, let me pass it to Natalie to review our performance in greater detail and our guidance for the next fiscal year and quarter.
Natalie Derse: Thank you, Vincent, and hello, everyone. For today's call, I will walk through our full year fiscal 2024, followed by our Q4 results and wrap up with our outlook for Q1 and full year fiscal 2025. I will focus on non-GAAP financials and year-over-year growth rates, unless otherwise stated. Please recall that our acquisition of Avast closed in September fiscal 2023 near the end of our second quarter and therefore, I will break out select financial metrics for relevant annual comparisons throughout today's call. Fiscal year 2024 was a pivotal year for Gen as we integrated Avast, returned our direct customer base to growth and delivered our fifth straight year of organic growth. We finished the year with over $3.8 billion in total revenue, growing 14% in USD and 15% in content currency. When including Avast historical results, cybersafety revenue and bookings increased 3% year-over-year in constant currency with broad-based growth across our and across geographic regions. We delivered nearly $300 million of annual cost synergies within 18 months of the Avast acquisition, $20 million more than our original plan, and we used less cash than previously planned to achieve this. As a result, fiscal 2024 operating income was over $2.2 billion, with full year operating margin of 58% and exiting the year at 59%. This represents seven full points of margin expansion since the close of the transaction, net of partial reinvestment. Driving continued top line growth, our operating discipline and our strong capital allocation strategy enabled us to deliver $1.96 in full year EPS, in line with our guidance and up 8% from the prior year and up 11% in constant currency. We've also made significant progress reducing our net leverage to 3.4 times, down from 3.9 times at the time of the merger. Now with the integration largely behind us, we look forward to the next chapter driving our strategic priorities into fiscal 2025. Turning to Q4 performance. Q4 reflects our 19th consecutive quarter of growth with financial results in line with our guidance. Q4 bookings were a record $1.044 billion, exceeding $1 billion for the second consecutive quarter, growing 2% in USD, and 3% in constant currency. Cyber safety bookings also grew 3% year-over-year in constant currency. Total Q4 revenue was $967 million, up 2% in USD and up 3% in constant currency. Cybersafety revenue was also increased 3% year-over-year in constant currency. Our revenue growth is driven primarily by the US market, up 3% as we scale the adoption of our privacy and performance offerings through cross-sell and increased our membership revenue. particularly in our higher-tier Norton 360 with LifeLock memberships. In our more developed international markets, growth was mid- to high single digits in constant currency as we expanded our identity partnerships. And we continue to drive double-digit growth in our emerging markets as we capitalize on the growing safety awareness for a mobile-first population. With varying degrees of market maturity, the growth levers will be different, and we will continue to execute on all levers at our disposal to drive broad-based growth in a profitable manner. Direct revenue was $847 million, up 3% in constant currency. We are making progress across our key performance metrics. Our installed base is healthier compared to prior year, growing in both scale and in value as we execute all components of our growth strategy. Let me share some specifics. A key ingredient to our growth strategy is driving new customer acquisition. And in Q4, we have expanded our customer base for the third consecutive quarter, increasing to $39.1 million up over 230,000 customers sequentially and over $900,000 year-over-year. To help drive this growth, we continue to invest in diverse mix of market then to reach new audiences, generate more traffic to our sites while dynamically optimizing the channel performance. We are acquiring positive new adds at healthy ROIs across all brands, fueling our renewable base. And our growth is coming through our diverse set of acquisition channels, particularly international growth markets and mobile devices. On monetization, our monthly direct ARPU was US$7.24, up $0.03 versus last quarter and in line with last year's results. But note, as reported, this result absorbed $0.06 of negative FX headwinds given the dollars rise over the year, particularly against the Japanese yen, and we expect these headwinds to continue impacting reported ARPU comparisons through the next fiscal year. With that said, let me provide additional commentary on the operational drivers of our expanding ARPU. In Q4, the ARPU of our online customers, which is the vast majority of our customer base is up on a year-over-year and a quarter-over-quarter basis across Norton, LifeLock and Avast brands. This growth reflects the synergistic efforts and learnings from the Avast cross-sell model brought into the Norton and LifeLock go-to-market efforts, with cross-sell penetration nearing 20%, up approximately 5 points over the past two quarters. In addition, the ARPU on mobile customers was stable on both a year-over-year and a quarter-over-quarter basis with measured healthy ROI, another proof point of our ability to balance customer acquisition costs, ARPU, and retention rate across the channels. Demand for our increased cyber is growing as threats evolve and we are well-positioned with a broad portfolio of cross-sell products. Across our customer cohorts, we will continue to drive expansion through their journey, increasing value through additional product offerings suited for their Cyber Safety needs or upselling to a higher tier membership, offering more comprehensive protection for their growing digital footprint. This increase in engagement drives retention. In Q4, our overall customer retention rate increased to over 77%, improving by over 1 point year-over-year and improving by 2.5 points since the merger. A key component to our 5 for 5 growth strategy is driving retention rates to 80% over the next few years, and we have made progress towards that target in our first year operating as Gen with every brand in our portfolio, increasing retention rates year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter. As we look forward, we expect to drive additional uplift leveraging our strong trusted brands, while creating more personalized customer experiences through their journey. And although we already have industry-leading retention rates today, we have many opportunities to drive higher customer loyalty and increase lifetime value through simplification, optimization, and personalization. And we have the expertise across our team and the technology to ensure we are providing the experience our customers want. Turning to our partner business. Partner revenue was $105 million in Q4, up 5% year-over-year. We have a record pipeline and employee benefits. We continue to build strategic partnerships with financial services and insurance providers, and we have seen strong traction already in our newly launched Norton Private Browser. Scaling our partner business to $0.5 billion in annual revenue is a key component to achieving our overall growth plan. We are proud of the traction we're making across multiple partner channels and we look forward to sharing more progress in the coming quarters. Rounding out our revenue, our legacy business lines contributed $15 million in the quarter, down from $17 million in prior year. As a reminder, we expect our legacy revenue to continue to decline double-digits year-over-year, and represent less than 2% of our total revenue. Turning to profitability, Q4 operating income was $569 million, up 5% year-over-year, translating to an operating margin of 59%. Since the close of the merger, we have reduced our overall operating expense profile from 30% to 27.5% of revenue, while maintaining gross margins above 86%. We've right-sized our organization to under 3,400 full-time employees, down from approximately 4,500 at the time of the merger, representing productivity of over $1 million of revenue per employee. You will see us continue to invest in marketing as well as product and technology to reach new and existing customers, to bolster our product portfolio with differentiated solutions, to amplify our international presence, especially in identity and privacy, and expand into trust-based adjacencies that will touch more parts of the consumers' digital life. These investments feel progress in each of our growth levers and strengthen our position to accelerate revenue growth to mid single digits over the next three years. We will continue to operate our G&A functions at approximately 3% of revenue, reinvesting any further productivity into levers for growth. Q4 net income was $336 million, up 14% year-over-year. Diluted EPS was $0.53 for the quarter, up 15% year-over-year and up 16% in constant currency. Interest expense related to our debt was approximately $154 million in Q4. Our non-GAAP tax rate remained steady at 22%, and our ending share count was 637 million, down 7 million year-over-year, reflecting the impact of share repurchases. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow. Q4 ending cash balance was $846 million. We are supported by over $2.3 billion of total liquidity, consisting of our ending Q4 cash balance and $1.5 billion revolver. Q4 operating cash flow was $1.398 billion, and free cash flow was $1.395 billion, which included the $900 million tax refund received in January and approximately $114 million of cash interest payments this quarter. Turning to capital allocation. We remain intentional and balanced with our capital deployment and are committed to returning 100% of excess free cash flow to shareholders. We voluntarily paid down $600 million of our TLB during the fourth quarter, with an additional $58 million repaid per our maturity schedule. We are now at 3.4 times net levered, down from 3.9 times at the time of merger with $1.2 billion in repayments in fiscal year 2024. We also deployed $300 million for share repurchases this quarter, the equivalent to 14 million shares. Since the start of fiscal year 2023, we have deployed a total of $1.3 billion of share repurchases and we're pleased to announce the Board has recently expanded our current buyback program to $3 billion with no expiration date to support our future capital allocation strategy. We paid $78 million to shareholders in the form of a regular quarterly dividend of $0.125 per common share. For Q1 fiscal 2025, the Board of Directors approved a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.125 per common share to be paid on June 12, 2024, for all shareholders of record as of the close of business on May 20, 2024. With our strong cash flow generation now nearing $2 billion unlevered excluding onetime items, and our disciplined capital deployment, we will continue to pay down debt and deploy opportunistic share buybacks to help achieve our goals of delivering EPS growth of 12% to 15% and driving net leverage below three times EBITDA by fiscal year 2025. In summary, fiscal year 2024 was about bringing two large companies together as one operating business. Starting to tail our revenue synergies by returning our customer base to growth and increasing our retention rate, while driving improvements in our cost structure and executing our integration commitments. We have accomplished a lot since the merger. Now looking forward, our margins are world-class with room to make disciplined investments into our organic growth initiatives, outlined in the 5 for 5 structure we shared at our Analyst Day in order to accelerate growth to mid single digits. Turning to our Q1 and fiscal year outlook. For fiscal year 2025, we expect full year revenue in the range of $3.89 billion to $3.93 billion, translating to 3% to 4% growth in Cyber Safety expressed in constant currency and supported by expected Cyber Safety bookings growth of 3% to 5%. We expect non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $2.17 to $2.23 per share, representing an annual increase of 12% to 15% in constant currency. Please note that we expect continued FX headwinds impacting our reported revenue primarily from the Japanese yen, which has depreciated over the past year and is now at multi-decade lows. For Q1, we expect non-GAAP revenue in the range of $960 million to $970 million translating to approximately 3% growth in Cyber Safety. And Q1 non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $0.52 to $0.54, up 12% to 16% in constant currency. As we kick off our new fiscal year, we are in line with the expectations we set out at Analyst Day back in November 2023. We remain steadfast in driving our long-term growth plan. We are focused on delivering our commitments always in a disciplined and balanced manner. Our key performance indicators are trending in the right direction. Our strategy is working. And our financial model is resilient. We're committed to investing in our business to drive sustainable and profitable mid-single-digit growth and create shareholder value over the long term. We look forward to reporting on our progress in the quarters ahead. As always, thank you for your time today, and I will now turn the call back to the operator to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We will now open the line for the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] The first question is from the line of Peter Levine with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Vincent Pilette: Hi Peter.
Peter Levine: Great. Thank you for taking my question. Natalie, I think one comment that actually stuck out you said was kind of moving into kind of new truck-based adjacencies. Can you maybe just provide a little color there outside of what you already provide?
Vincent Pilette: Hey Peter, I'll take that one. So, I would refer to the AI-infused roadmap that we shared that at AIB, right? We've started with a very strong membership structure, which we upgraded on the VA side and now deploying Norton 360 on the New Gen stack. And so we're warning that out that enable a very strong modularity, scalability, and a much more flexible usage from a customer perspective to which we'll be able to add a lot of different value. We already, over the last two years, have added like reputation management and other services will move Norton Genie into the membership and again going to grow into discover of deep fakes, protecting your financial transactions and progress. So, over the next few years, you'll see us to launch more features into these areas.
Peter Levine: So, if I think about Norton Genie, 1 million downloads to-date, what's the monetization -- what's the trajectory in terms of monetization for that product? What do you think customers are willing to pay? And how do you think that kind of baked into your model longer term?
Vincent Pilette: Yes. And today, we don't have anything in our model. That's not how we see it. We first wanted to develop our air models using the vast data that we have building this new generative AI interface for people to interact with their security officer in the pocket, if you want and we continue to develop the model. The goal was really grow the adoption first and foremost, and that's our strategy. The second aspect is to add new features. So moving from text, e-mail, scans to voice and others and progressing towards the value add. The third item is to move that feature as part of the membership. Remember, 545 from Natalie is of course, to acquire new customers, retain them with great features, cross-sell where you can, but mainly moving up into the membership, full protection. So at some level of our membership level, it will be integrated into the price. And as you know, we price for value. And then only -- and only then, will then come up with the Gene Pro, which is our project name, which would be a monetized version. But it's down the line and not in our model today.
Peter Levine: And last one more quick. Natalie is for you. Obviously, the rate environment, I don't think anyone can predict at this point. But given what we've seen on the macro front these past three, three weeks, does that change your appetite in terms of capital deployment, debt repayment or focused more on debt repayment versus buybacks, I'm curious to know if the environment today -- and then while rate cuts potentially go over the next, call it, 12 months to 24 months. Does that change your appetite here in the near term?
Natalie Derse: I don't think we've seen too much change in terms of what people -- what the external community rates. I mean we've talked about number of cuts, et cetera. Of course, I don't know what's going to happen, but we're tracking right along with the latest and greatest in the news. And from our business model and the way we choose to allocate our capital, the beauty of it is we've got a lot of cash flow generation, which frees up a lot of deployment opportunity. And every time we deploy our capital, we're looking at the most competitive option, the most profitable thing that creates the most shareholder value. And so you're going to see us continue to strike the right balance across share buyback our share repurchases and accelerated debt paydown. But we've made notable progress in fiscal year 2024 on both fronts. And I would encourage you to expect the same disciplined approach that cash flow generation and turning that into the most advantageous capital deployment for our business.
Peter Levine: Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you, Peter. The next question is from the line of Dan Bergstrom with RBC. Your line is now open.
Dan Bergstrom: Hey, It's Dan Bergstrom on for Matt Hedberg. Thanks for taking our questions. Say the launch of Gen Stack, obviously, exciting congratulations on that. Vincent, you talked to a phased approach there, maybe more thoughts around Labana, you plan to go about the rollout?
Vincent Pilette: Yes. We won't share the full road map, obviously, but we're super excited, right? Part of the opportunity in this merger was to be able to write a client and a full stack that can use AI for more personalization that can have a better user experience, as you know, the product in security were built a couple of decades ago with the idea that it would run in the back end. And then over the years, it evolved to become much more of a partner in new security and becoming front end. So the user experience also is tremendously improved the way we communicate in that, which is contextual and personalized is all opportunities. And then it's fully scalable. So we don't have to a new app or something else we can roll up new features. And based on your membership or price level you sign up for, you will have or can activate different future. We will take full fiscal year 2025 to deploy it. Obviously, you want to be very cautious if it goes smoothly, we may accelerate that. But so far, we have three countries testing it -- and it's early, we have April under our belt and very positive signs. So we'll progress that. We'll move into a little bit more global countries. Some countries open here at the end of the quarter. And then we'll move as fast as we can depending on what we see.
Dan Bergstrom: Thanks. And then you mentioned consumers kind of choosing their own features. You also had some comments in the prepared remarks around making offerings fit real world needs of consumers. I noticed a slide of a vast one in the deck realizing it's still kind of early there, but what's been the reception around that modular approach and letting users really kind of tailor their coverage to their needs and upgrade what they want where they want it.
Vincent Pilette: Yes, absolutely. And as part of the new tax structure and deployment coming with the Avast 1 free concept and deploying it's part of it. So for the Avast installed base, it's still vast majority is on contract -- and as we migrate to the new stock, we'll for the opportunity to upgrade. So we have the same way that 2.5, three years ago, we moved Norton 360 and reach 60% in the Northern installed base. We have progress to make on that side. But we have no doubt that's where it's coming or going, especially with an agile stack that can really mimic a single product, if you pay only for a single feature or benefit from the value of the full stack. It's that flexibility of scalability, if you want, that we're super excited about.
Dan Bergstrom: Thank you.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you, Dan.
Operator: Our final question comes from Saket Kalia with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Saket Kalia: Hey, great. Hey, Vincent and hey, Natalie. Thanks for taking my questions. You have nice progress of the year.
Vincent Pilette: Yes. Thanks, Saket.
Saket Kalia: Hey, Natalie, maybe -- absolutely. Natalie, maybe just to start with you, I think the guide for fiscal 2025, we said 3% to 5% bookings growth, great to see. I think that implies a little bit of a pickup in bookings growth compared to fiscal 2024. So do you just maybe have a general rule of thumb on how much of that can be driven by subscribers or ARPUs? Is a mix of growth? How do you sort of think about that growth formula for next year?
Natalie Derse: Hi, Saket, good to hear from you. Yes, the bookings of 3% to 5% as we look into 2025, we're super excited about. But nothing's really changed from what we talked to you guys about back in November at AID. It's going to be a mix of our 5 for 5 growth strategy. And those levers are going to be all equally important, but scaling it to a different magnitude as we kick off 2025 and continue down that three-year journey. I'll just give you a bit of color. So we're committed to driving the acquisition of new customers in a healthy ROI way. We'll continue to stay committed to that. Of course, our aspiration is to drive new customer acquisition growth. Quarter in, quarter out, the absolute number of customer acquisition will vary, but we definitely stay steadfast and committed to investing our marketing dollars doing that in a healthy way and doing that very, very diverse geographically and across brands. And then the other levers that are going to drive the installed base and both in scale and quantity, as well as scale and value is cross-sell and upsell. Cross-sell, I mean being able to close the year in fiscal year 2024 and approaching 20% penetration of cross-sell is something that we're very, very proud of and is significant progress even over the last two quarters. So you guys should look at those as real, real proof points, measured proof points that we will continue to successfully drive cross-sell and therefore, increase the engagement with our existing customers. Now Pepper-in [ph], our prioritized growth lever in upsell. And what we mean by that is getting more and more of our customers, both new and existing in higher-tiered, higher-valued Norton 360 membership offerings. And so the mix of those two, of course, is going to drive our bookings. It's going to, therefore, drive our revenue growth in a scaling manner. And then will, in turn, drive higher rates of retention across the brands. Higher engaged customers, we see notable higher retention rates. And so at the end of the day, I would say the combination of all those things are what we call the flywheel. And let's not forget the partner business. The partner business drives broader awareness. It's our competitive differentiator, and it's a diversification of our acquisition in a scaling revenue contributor, way, and so we will continue to invest behind the diversification of our partner channels with our world-class sales teams and really have all five of those levers come together, you're going to start to see those all come through in fiscal year 2025. Yes, at varying pace and magnitude throughout the year, and we will build throughout the year. As you can assume when we talk about retention rates, it's the annual retention rate of the customers. So as we bring in more and more cross-sells and when we increase our coverage of our membership tier offerings, those are all going to scale throughout the year, which is why you should expect the bookings to scale throughout the year as well.
Saket Kalia: Got it, got it. That's super helpful. And maybe that's a good segue into the follow-up for you, Vincent. I think you said we expanded retention rates on the Avast customer base by more than two points since the deal, which has been great to see. How are you may be thinking about that retention rate for next year? And maybe relatedly, is it the same blocking and tackling that's going to just continue to lift that retention rate, higher as the years go on? Or are there other parts to the playbook around improving that retention rate for Avast.
Vincent Pilette: Yeah. Let me take that one on. So just to ride out a few numbers to put everybody on the same page. When we closed the merger 18 months ago, our aggregated retention rates for the full portfolio was around 75% as we mentioned. You remember at the NortonLifeLock combined business were around 84% and Avast was around 65%, 66%. First, as we discussed, centralized our operations around the center of expertise for process management, same techniques, same set of operations as we drive these retention activities that really start on day one when the customer onboard for the first time all the way to the day 365 when they renew -- and we closed Q4 here after 18 months on an aggregated basis, at 77.5% retention, 2.5 points improvements in the merger. But Avast itself closed at a record retention rate of over 70%, with close to 5 points improvement in 18 months, while Norton and LifeLock combined stayed somewhat flat. All of the brands slightly trending up on customer satisfaction and improving on retention, even though NortonLifeLock combined, it was immaterially perceptible. So I call it flat. We still have a good in my opinion. As you remember, we had said, maybe Avast he 20-point delta we can improve half of it operationally. So we've done half in 18 months will now over the next 18 months, drive the other half, at least that's how we linearly are projecting it. And now the approach is not different. We're shifting from having centralized the operations, standardize the operations to working on three areas. The first one is defining the customer journeys within the customer life cycle. Life cycle is you onboard for the first time all the way to when you try to leave, it could be a multiyear view and then you have many different steps in your cybersafety journey, and you have different journeys. We've done a lot of work and beefed up our team and our for to buy a very integrated part of the journey into our product. The second one is really what the new Gen stack will enable a will enable us to use a vast amount of data and use our data scientist and AI modeling to improve this, what I call contextual communications, personalized communications. And the second one is really being able to offer a better path between the cross-sell, upsell and the membership side. So all of which leads to better retention on those three access, the whole company that touches the customer journey is mobilized behind that, and we know it's a very, very important aspect of our plan moving forward.
Saket Kalia: Thanks, guys. Appreciate the time.
Vincent Pilette: Absolutely, Saket.
Operator: Thank you, Saket. That concludes our Q&A session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Vincent Pilette, CEO of Gen.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you, operator, and of course, thank you all for joining our call. I started this call by saying that fiscal year 2024 was a transformational and pivotal year for Gen. In fiscal year 2025, we're putting the company in a position to reap the benefits of the hard work we put in. As the leader in consumer cybersafety market, we are well positioned to succeed in transforming the industry. We have a strategy to accelerate growth. And while it is not always a smooth journey, it is working. We have a long and proven track record of investing in technology and innovation to best serve our customers, and we will continue to do so. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-02-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for standing by. My name is Victoria, and I will be your conference operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the Gen's Fiscal Year 2024 Third Quarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded, and all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. At this time, for opening remarks, I would like to pass the call over to Jason Starr, Head of Investor Relations.
Jason Starr: Thank you, Victoria, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Gen's third quarter fiscal year 2024 earnings call. Joining me today are Vincent Pilette, CEO, and Natalie Derse, CFO. As a reminder, there'll be a replay of this call posted on the Investor Relations website along with our slides and press release. I'd like to remind everyone that during this call, all references to financial metrics are non-GAAP, and all growth rates are year-over-year, unless otherwise stated. A reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP measures is included in our press release and earnings presentation, both of which are available on the IR website at investors.gendigital.com. We encourage investors to monitor this website as we routinely post investor-oriented information such as news and events and financial filings. Today's call contains statements regarding our business, financial performance, and operations, including the impact on our business and industry that may be considered forward-looking statements, and such statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions, and expectations as of today's date, February 1, 2024. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events. For more information, please refer to the cautionary statements in our press release, and the risk factors in our filings with the SEC, and in particular, our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q. And now, I'll turn the call over to Vincent.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you, Jason. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our earnings call. Only a few months ago, we celebrated Gen's one-year anniversary and held our first Investor Day as Gen. We were excited to share our strategy and our plans to expand our customer reach and our product roadmap. We know that we will capture the tremendous opportunity we have in consumer Cyber Safety over the next several years. In Q3, we delivered another consistent quarter of execution towards that goal. We grew Cyber Safety bookings to $1 billion, up 4%, Cyber Safety revenue up 3%, and delivered our 18th consecutive quarter of growth. We drove net subscriber count higher again this quarter, up 330,000 sequentially, with total direct customer finishing the quarter at a record 38.9 million. While we remain focused on accelerating our growth, we continue to demonstrate our ability to operate with strong fiscal discipline, increasing our operating margin by another 80 basis points sequentially, up nearly 7 full points since the Avast merger. And finally, we expanded our earnings power, growing EPS 10%. At our last Investor Day, we shared long-term goals that included accelerating revenue to mid-single digits, growing EPS by 12% to 15%, and reducing our leverage to less than 3x EBITDA by 2027. As we discussed, our growth plan is underpinned by accelerating our subscriber growth, especially internationally and through partnerships, increasing value to our customers with cross-sell and upsell, and driving Gen's overall retention rate to 80%. We're already making progress here, particularly in our investments to increase Gen's customer base, entering new markets and driving international growth. In Q3, our direct acquisition channels grew double digits in all three regions, leading to a broad-based performance. Our mobile solutions continued to see strong traction internationally, capitalizing on growing Internet connectivity in emerging markets. Our solutions are resonating with customers in these markets, and we have an integration roadmap that will enable us to drive more value over the lifecycle. We will continue to invest in these higher-growth markets and channels, as we look to expand our reach. We are also making consistent headway in delivering added-value to our current customers as they expand their digital footprint. In Q3, we delivered another strong quarter in cross-sell/upsell activities with ARPU for these customers growing both year-over-year and sequentially in key markets, even though our overall reported ARPU slightly declined sequentially due to shifting mix of customer cohorts in mobile and emerging markets. Of course, progress is not linear and uniform across all of our levers. Overall, Q3 retention was stable sequentially at 77% with continued progress across key brands, but partially offset by mix and other integration-related activities. While slightly behind our aspirations this quarter, we remain on track and confident in our long-term target of 80%. In partner, the timing of a few large deals and the rollout of our solutions into our indirect customer employee base impacted the in-quarter revenue. Overall, the partner channel continues to show strong engagement with a robust and growing pipeline, and a competitive set of partner solutions, which is a key tenet of our strategy. To support our growth plan, we are leveraging our trusted brands and customer-centric approach. Our Cyber Safety capabilities continue to be recognized by leading third parties, and, most importantly, our customers. Recently, Norton and Avast were each named to PC Magazine's list of Best Tech Brands for 2024, and LifeLock Net Promoter Score, with 67 exiting Q3, an all-time high, driven by our relentless focus on our customers and listening to their feedback. Gen continues to be a leader in the industry and trusted by consumers around the world. Ultimately, we are recognized, trusted because of our technology and our ability to innovate and protect people from their ever-changing and increasing sophisticated threats they face every day. Last quarter, Avast blocked over 1 billion unique attacks per month, a stunning increase of 50% compared to a year ago, and over 10 billion for all of calendar year 2023. As we have pointed out many times, these threats are not focusing on targeting you PC or you phone, but you as an individual as you live your digital life. Threat actors are not missing a beat and have increasingly moved to web-based threats, such as social engineering and malvertising, as well as ongoing phishing attacks and AI-powered targeted email scams. Our customers are relying on us to out-innovate the threat actors and remain focused on increasing the pace at which we enhance and expand our product portfolio. Q3 was no different. We continued our focus on helping customers live their digital life safely, privately, and confidently. We offered consumers better protection from phishing and email scams, bolstering Norton AntiTrack with private email and adding a new safe email standalone product. We gave our customers a trusted way to navigate the web securely and privately with the launch of Norton private browser, and in identity we expanded our reach into new countries, in all three regions, and added new features in existing markets. As we mentioned in November, our AI technology has been and remains a key tenet of our strategy. Not only this powerful AI and deep learning technology power our core security engines, but we are now bringing AI to the forefront to make our products more interactive and intuitive. In December, as part of our ReputationDefender business, we launched Total Radius. This new innovative product, powered by AI, provides a fully-automated analysis of all available information online to help customers quickly identify and protect themselves. To start, we are offering this product through our employee benefit channel. In early-January, we also fully launched Norton Genie, our AI-powered scam detection app. Both Norton Genie and Total Radius are excellent examples of how people can leverage the power of Gen's AI and cutting-edge technology to more easily protect themselves and their loved ones from online threats. I'll conclude by saying that we have a great opportunity ahead and are very confident in achieving our long-term targets we laid out at our Investor Day. The threat landscape is more perilous than ever, and Gen's trusted brands offer the best solutions to consumer to protect and empower their digital lives. We will continue to execute our strategy in a disciplined way to accelerate growth, drive further margin expansion and create long-term value for all stakeholders. And with that, let me pass it to Natalie to review our quarterly performance in greater detail and our guidance for the next quarter.
Natalie Derse: Thank you, Vincent, and hello, everyone. For today's call, I will walk through our fiscal Q3 2024 results, followed by our outlook for Q4. I will focus on non-GAAP financials and year-over-year growth rates, unless otherwise stated. Also, please note, this is our first fiscal quarter that includes full financial results from Avast in both periods as we have now passed the anniversary of the closure of the deal. Q3 was another quarter of consistent execution. Q3 revenue was $951 million, up 2% in USD and up 3% in Cyber Safety, excluding legacy business lines. Cyber Safety bookings grew 4% in constant currency, supported by continued growth in cross-sells and our direct acquisition channels. Direct revenue was $837 million, up 3% in constant currency. Our direct customer base expanded for the second consecutive quarter, increasing to 38.9 million, up 330,000 customers sequentially, and adding 0.5 million customers year-over-year. Driving new customer acquisition remains a priority for us and is growing double-digits year-over-year. Leading with our expanded product offerings and broadening our geographic efforts, we have deployed incremental marketing spend to capture structural demand growth for Cyber Safety, especially in channels like mobile and international markets. As we move forward, our robust product roadmap will continue to extend our reach into new markets and cohorts, as well as continue to support our retention efforts over the long-term across all of our cohorts. On the monetization front, monthly direct ARPU was $7.21 in USD, an increase of $0.12 year-over-year and a decrease of $0.07 sequentially. As previously shared, ARPU is impacted by many factors, including new customer growth, cross-sell adoption, geographic and channel mix. With a stronger growth in our new customer acquisition and traction in mobile in emerging markets, we are seeing the mix impacts on blended ARPU. While lower than the ARPU average, the cohort of customers we are acquiring in these new markets and channels are accretive to our installed base, and we able to acquire these new cohorts at a lower acquisition cost, proving out to be healthy ROI on our performance marketing dollars. These cohorts will also blend into our flywheel and offer opportunities for further expansion into our portfolio of products and services, in essence, feeding our cross-sell and upsell opportunity funnel. Within our more mature cohorts, ARPU continues to scale as we drive cross-sell adoption, and this expansion reflects our customers' demand for increased coverage in the ever-changing cyber safety landscape. Turning to retention, our overall customer retention rate remained steady at 77%. As we've shared previously, we made significant progress in our retention rate in the first year as a combined company, yet still have many opportunities to improve retention across cohorts and across brands as we make progress towards our 80% retention rate target over the next few years. Currently, we are focused on driving retention rates up by improving user engagement, introducing new products and features, and clearly demonstrating value to our customers with our best-in-class comprehensive cyber protection offerings and services. And as we move forward, we expect to drive additional uplift by continuing to execute on our product migration plans, and even more importantly, by creating hyper-personalized AI-powered customer experiences and incorporating them into our differentiated products and omni-channel go-to-market strategies. Turning to our partner business. Scaling our partner business is a key component to achieving our overall growth plan. Partner revenue was $99 million in Q3, up 4% year-over-year. We continue to drive growth in this channel through employee benefits, with a record pipeline and additional expansion plans to accelerate further. Given the long nature of partner sales cycles, the progress will be non-linear, and we will remain competitive with our offerings to capitalize on partner readiness across multiple channels. Driving our partners business to $0.5 billion remains the longer-term objective, and we are excited to share more progress in the coming quarters. Rounding out our revenue, our legacy business lines contributed $15 million this quarter, down from $23 million in prior year. As a reminder, we expect legacy to continue declining double digits year-over-year and accounts for less than 2% of our overall total revenue. Turning to profitability. Q3 operating income was $558 million, up 6% year-over-year. We increased operating margin to 59% as we work towards our 60% margin goal we outlined in our long-term model. Every point of operating margin expansion is harder to achieve than the last, but this expanding operating leverage enables us to redirect some of the efficiency gains back into our growth investment framework. You will see us continue to invest in performance marketing to reach new and existing customers, to bolster our product portfolio with differentiated solutions, to amplify our international presence, especially in identity and privacy, and expand into trust base adjacencies that will touch more parts of the consumers' digital life. These investments help fuel progress in each of our growth levers, and strengthen our position to accelerate revenue growth to mid-single digits over the next three years. Q3 net income was $317 million, up 9% year-over-year. Diluted EPS was $0.49 for the quarter, up 10% year-over-year, and up 11% in constant-currency. Interest expense related to our debt was approximately $158 million in Q3, and EPS impact of $0.19. Our non-GAAP tax rate remained steady at 22% and our ending share count was 645 million, down 6 million year-over-year, reflecting the impact of share repurchases. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow. Q3 ending cash balance was $490 million. We are supported by $2 billion of total liquidity, consisting of our ending Q3 cash balance and a $1.5 billion revolver, and we have no near-term maturities due until April 2025. Q3 operating cash flow was $315 million, and free cash flow was $307 million, which includes approximately $201 million of cash interest payments this quarter. Turning to capital allocation. We remain intentional and balanced with our capital deployment, and are committed to returning 100% of excess free cash flow to shareholders. In Q3, we paid down $250 million of our Term Loan B, and are now 3.9 times net levered. We also deployed $100 million for opportunistic share repurchases, the equivalent of almost 5 million shares. We have approximately $730 million remaining in our current share buyback program. Finally, we have paid $81 million to shareholders in the form of our regular quarterly dividend of $0.125 per common share. For Q4 fiscal 2024, the Board of Directors approved a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.125 per common share to be paid on March 13, 2024 for all shareholders of record as of the close of business on February 19, 2024. Please note that the Q3 balance sheet and cash metrics above do not include a $900 million tax refund we received at the end of January, associated with tax capital losses disclosed in our fiscal year '23 10-K. This domestic cash payment increases our liquidity. It's available for debt prepayments, and/or share repurchase, and reduces our net leverage by 0.4 points to approximately 3.5 times net. With our strong cash flow generation and disciplined capital deployment, we will continue to use a balanced approach in paying down debt and opportunistic share buybacks, to help achieve our goals of delivering EPS growth of 12% to 15%, and driving net leverage below 3 times. Now, turning to our Q4 fiscal '24 outlook. For Q4, we expect non-GAAP revenue in the range of $960 million to $970 million. We expect Q4 non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $0.52 to $0.54. This translates to fiscal year 2024 non-GAAP revenue in the range of $3.805 billion to $3.815 billion and non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $1.95 to $1.97. While this guidance is within the full year range we provided in November at our Investor Day, we recognize it's at the low end as a result of some of the factors mentioned earlier. Yet, we remain steadfast in driving our long-term growth plan. We are focused on operational excellence and delivering on our commitments, always in a disciplined and balanced manner. Our key performance indicators are trending in the right direction. Our strategy is working, and our financial model is resilient. We're committed to reinvest in our business to drive sustainable and profitable mid-single-digit growth, and create shareholder value over the long term. We look forward to reporting on our progress in the quarters ahead. As always, thank you for your time today, and I will now turn the call back to the operator to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Of course. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Saket Kalia with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Vincent Pilette: Hey, Saket.
Saket Kalia: Hey, Vincent. Hey, Natalie. Thanks for taking my questions here. Hey, how are you?
Natalie Derse: Hi.
Vincent Pilette: Yeah, good.
Saket Kalia: Natalie, maybe I'll start with you. Maybe my first question is, the bookings growth of 4% was really good to see. The revenue growth of 2% was a little bit below. I was just wondering if you could help us bridge those two metrics a little bit, and when you think those two growth rates maybe start to converge?
Natalie Derse: Yeah, sure. Thanks for the question. So first, if I look at it, look, we're proud to be growing bookings for the second quarter in the row in mid-single digits, up 4%. As we spoke to this quarter and last quarter, that growth is driven by the acceleration and the success of cross-sell into a broader portfolio. It's driven by a reacceleration of DTC and customer acquisition, stable retention across the brands, the strength really coming through, not only across broad based, but identity and privacy products that we've introduced. And then, when you look at revenue, keep in mind that that revenue on an as-reported basis, that, first of all, includes legacy business lines and, obviously, is on as-reported basis in USD. When you take that out, and you really look at the Cyber Safety revenue, excluding legacy, excluding the FX headwinds, we grew 3%. So, not that far off of the bookings rate of growth. And then, as we continue to scale, and as we continue to quarter-after-quarter deliver on that bookings growth, that will eventually feed and really converge with revenue rate of growth over time.
Saket Kalia: Got it. That makes sense. Vincent, maybe for my follow-up for you, what's in the highlight for me was the better net-adds. I mean 330,000 was great to see. It feels like the ARPU profile though for some of the gross adds are -- for some of the newer adds are changing. So, maybe it's early to talk about this, but as you think about the growth formula in Cyber Safety, do you think that we should think about different mixes of sort of what comes from the installed base versus what comes from ARPU? How do you think about that sort of conceptually?
Vincent Pilette: Yeah. And just to bridge first back to your first question at Natalie, I think the two leading indicators we have for this business, that will then flow back into the P&L is the booking growth rate, and Natalie mentioned, our 4%, and then the second one is the customer count growth that we discussed, whether it's indirect or direct. You're right, so we grew sequential or sequentially our direct customer count for the second quarter in a row. We actually achieved a record, right? So, when you take Avast plus NortonLifeLock together at the time of the merger, we are now at a record 38.9 million, and that has been definitely a very strong sign of the quarter. We did discuss at the ID back in November that we'll drive with discipline. Every one of our channels is managed economically positive over the lifecycle of the customers, right? So, the CLV over CAC by all the channel is very important, and rebalancing our marketing investment across all of the channel, and if we have a bit more momentum in certain, then we're going to capture quickly that presence in that channel. For the last two quarter internationally, emerging market, and maybe closer to the security line, which is identity privacy, has been the traction. We also shared at the time that in developed and emerging country, ARPU is $35 on average in emerging markets. As you move into more developed, it's $70. And then, when you get fully mature, ARPU is $135. Now, we feel good, because we know we have very strong capability of cross-selling and upselling. And as we continue to mature new channels or enter new channels and mature, then there is space there, we have a chance to expose our customers to a broader protection of their digital lives, and that has been our strategy. So, that's how we're doing it. So, the aggregated metric for total Gen on ARPU, if you want, has to consider that mix and we're looking at the ARPU across all the channels and then driving the cross-sell/upsell in each one of those.
Saket Kalia: Got it. That makes sense. I'll get back in queue to ask my next one. Thanks very much.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. The next question comes from the line of Hamza Fodderwala with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Vincent Pilette: Hey, Hamza.
Hamza Fodderwala: Hey, good evening. Thank you -- hey, how's it going? Thank you for taking my question.
Vincent Pilette: Good.
Hamza Fodderwala: Vincent, understand that progress is not always linear across every metric, but clearly the ARPU did come in below your expectation. I'm wondering if it's just a function of just the higher mix of incremental international mobile subs, or did the churn rate for your, let's say, higher-paying subscribers, the NortonLifeLock subscriber, if you will, did that come down more than you would have expected or didn't improve as much as you'd expected?
Vincent Pilette: Yeah. So, let me address both and they combine, obviously, in the dynamic. Definitely, the ARPU is still growing year-over-year, but it's sequentially down, it's driven by mix. We are not discounting more in each one of the channels. We didn't see any anything outside of the normal business dynamic that we had seen in prior quarters. And to be honest with you, we love all of our channels, and where we see momentum, we're going to allocate some of the marketing dollars. In this case, this quarter was maybe a little more allocated towards lower ARPU channels, but very economically positive in the long term. So, we feel good about that. So that's the entire ARPU dynamic mix shift. When you talk about retention, we were stable quarter-over-quarter. We're actually improving in key areas, but we are slightly below our plan, and we were doing real-time allocation of our resources. We're also preparing to move now to common platform this year is the big rollout of our new product set and merging the different campaigns, understanding the different things, had to be some trade-offs with the day-to day drive of the activity. So, we did not improve as much as we had in our brand, if you want. But we feel really good, and I think as we continue to progress quarter-on-quarter, now, it may not be exactly linear, but feel very good that we will get to our 80%, Hamza.
Hamza Fodderwala: Got it. And just on the topic, I know the main driver for you is to continue to deliver value through upsell and cross-sell. But If I'm -- unless I'm mistaking, I don't think you've taken really any price over the last couple of years, despite what has been record-high inflation and some of your peers are raising prices. So, I'm just curious how you're thinking about maybe perhaps taking more price for the value that you're delivering going forward?
Vincent Pilette: So, pricing is very strategic to us, right, and we really are pricing for value. So, we constantly innovate, add new features, and then keep our price constant with markets. And when you say we didn't take price increase, that's not true. We always price for the value we deliver into the market, adding new features. And I think the growth rate you mentioned, cross-sell/upsell, definitely the cross-sell, meaning, adding more to Cyber Safety, or the upsell towards that membership, it's two of our five key levers for growth, right? We also, obviously, want to continue to expand. Very pleased to have new customer coming in in last quarter and this quarter. We want to expand and continue to expand with partners to provide Cyber Safety solutions. And we're looking at the overall, if you want, as a balanced approach, delivering and pricing for them.
Hamza Fodderwala: All right. Okay. I'll hop back in the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. The next question comes from the line of Peter Levine with Evercore. Your line is now open.
Vincent Pilette: Hey, Peter.
Peter Levine: Thank you for -- hi, how are you, guys? Thank you for taking my question. Maybe just to piggyback off of the first two is, since we last met in November, kind of when did you see these dynamics starts to kind of pop-up? Was it mid-quarter, towards the end of the quarter? Just curious to know when you kind of started to see the mix shift within the channel. And then, what are your assumptions into Q4 into next year as you kind of think about what's happening today?
Vincent Pilette: Yeah. So, as we reported, Q2, first quarter of sequential growth. As you know, we said we're finishing strongly in September with good momentum outside of the US and international and new emerging markets. That's what at Analyst Day we indicated, kind of the profile of customer by those markets, so we can model them. Obviously, they carried into Q3 at a stronger pace than we anticipated. We told you it would slowdown, we didn't know it was sustainable. We saw it was sustainable and continue to put marketing dollars into those trends. And I think going into Q4, we now have two quarters sequential experience with it, if you want, we plan to continue into Q4. We'll give more indications when we give the annual guidance of '25 in May. Plenty of things can happen between now and then, especially making the progress in retention. In term of retentions, we -- actually as I mentioned, we made good progress across the brands. So, I see nothing changing from a fundamental progress and you know that we have the aspiration to bring the Avast brands to closer to where the Norton is, and we're making good progress there in term of trading off certain initiatives for platform integrations that were more day-to-day through the quarter as we were preparing for integration.
Peter Levine: Thanks. I think one of the comments you made was interesting, that caught my eye was, the record pipeline, I think, for the employee benefit channel. Maybe just if you can double down there and kind of let us know how that cohort of customers vary versus your traditional channel? Maybe talk about what the ARPU effect for those, like the churn for those customers. Just curious anything that you can share when that becomes more meaningful to you guys. Thank you.
Vincent Pilette: Definitely. In partner, we have multiple channels, right? So, employee benefit is one of them. We have the telcos, we have some of the retail, we have strategic partners as well, and they all behave slightly differently. They also have a different relationship between your bookings and your revenue compared to the normal DTC business, which is 90% of our business as you know. In term of the employee benefit channel, we continue to grow the pipeline. We've been growing double digits, maybe we're a bit overoptimistic in term of closing certain of these deals that would then carry immediate impact here during sign-up times, and those will be delayed and carry going into fiscal '25, they're not lost deals, but it takes time to deploy. We're also deploying into those installed base higher value proposition, which may be started initially as basic identity protection, adding all the way to the full membership structure with ReputationDefender, a new product, and those taking a little bit more time. Each channel may have different ARPU of their employee base is very close to LifeLock, maybe 20%, 25% lower than the average, but very close to it.
Peter Levine: Great. Thank you for the color.
Operator: Thank you for your question. The next question comes from the line of Matt Hedberg with RBC. Your line is now open.
Matt Hedberg: Hi, guys.
Vincent Pilette: Hey, Matt.
Matt Hedberg: Hey, guys. Hope you guys are well. Thanks for the time. Maybe just -- my questions are kind of similar to the first couple of ones that have been asked, but I guess specifically on the ARPU piece, you've answered the question a couple of times. I guess, specifically, you guys don't guide to net adds and ARPU, but sort of embedded in your Q4 guide, is it sort of continued mix pressure? Is that something that we should kind of expect in kind of the shorter term? Obviously, there's a long-term, probably, upward bias to ARPU, but just sort of wondering if you could give us a little bit more clarity on some of the Q4 assumptions.
Natalie Derse: Yeah. I think from -- like you heard Vincent talk about, when we -- now we see two quarters of the momentum that we see, and look, we like what we see. I don't want that to be lost in the overarching metric with ARPU sequentially down and now two quarters of sequential customer adds. I think it's important to understand as much as we can and explain to you guys what's happening at the cohort level. So, let's just talk about ARPU for a second first. If you break that down and we really see the core online business, we see expansion in ARPU, and we've seen that for many, many, many quarters in a row, especially as we continue to drive in a successful manner more and more adoption of cross-sell, that has been a growth driver and lever for us in the recent quarters. And as you heard in back in November, it will continue to be one of our main levers as we drive forward, not only with the different cohorts that come in as we expand internationally, but as we, again, have a robust product portfolio and continue to bring new products to market. And then, when you look at the economics of the other cohorts, they're very healthy. We've said and we've been very explicit that we will continue to invest in marketing to drive growth and drive expansion and diversify, but we don't burn money in the parking lot. So, even as the cohorts mix together, and at the top-level metric, on a blended basis, it looks down quarter-over-quarter -- it is down quarter-over quarter, within the cohorts, they're very healthy. And so, as we look forward in that metric, or we look forward as to where the customer acquisition is going to come, and we achieved compared to as they come through the funnel what products and solutions are they choosing at which time, it's definitely all about diversification, and it's all about growth, and we don't pick and choose or prioritize one channel, market, et cetera, over the other. What we're looking for is sustainable and profitable growth. And as we look at the performance of the performance marketing dollars, we put the fuel behind the most fruitful opportunities that we can in a balanced approach. Now, how that all that math comes together quarter in, quarter out, I think that's going to look different, and it's going to flex as we make those decisions. And what we've got to make sure that we lay out for you guys is that it is a balanced and disciplined approach, and that the diversity that we are driving is a healthy one for Gen.
Matt Hedberg: Got it. Super helpful. Thanks, Natalie. And then, there was an earlier question too on the employee benefit revenue. We often thought that's a huge opportunity for you all. It sounds to me like -- I just want to clarify, you said the revenue that slipped out of 3Q, we shouldn't expect that in 4Q, that's more of a fiscal '25 timing issue. Is that kind of the right way to think about the deals that didn't close this quarter?
Vincent Pilette: Yeah, definitely a few key deals slipped into fiscal year '25, and we did not put them into our Q4 forecast.
Natalie Derse: That's another one where I want to make sure that we...
Matt Hedberg: [indiscernible].
Natalie Derse: Yeah, that's another message I want to make sure that we reiterate, and are super clear, like the EB funnel is just incredibly robust, it's never been stronger. The team there is really driving diversification expansion, and really increasing the quality. So, we've got deals in the hopper of all size and scale, and we're just really having a disciplined approach. There's an operational excellence component to that. That team is doing really, really well. And I look at it as, when we manage these deals, we're just being great partners. We're bring great partners to our partners, for lack of a better way to say it, but the customers and the EB deals, those integrations can be -- as we look at different size and scales of the deals, they can be pretty complicated. And so, we're making sure that we are absolutely delivering on our commitment to them, and then as they integrate and really work through the integration on their side, there are eventually, at times, just timing components to it. So that's how I would encourage you guys to look at it. Again, the EB funnel has never been stronger.
Matt Hedberg: Thanks a lot, Natalie. Thanks a lot, Vincent.
Natalie Derse: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for your question. The next question comes from the line of Jonathan Eisenson with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Jonathan Eisenson: Hey. Thanks for taking my question. I just have two.
Natalie Derse: Hi, Jonathan.
Jonathan Eisenson: So the first is, can you just touch on -- hey, thank you. Can you just first touch on deal linearity throughout the quarter? And then, my second question is, any color you can give on how aggressive you plan to be on buybacks given the injection of cash?
Natalie Derse: Yes. So, the deal linearity, we just -- our partner channels are so diverse. I know you attended the Investor Day, but for everybody else in the call, like, we've talked about how many different channels are in partner, and quarter in, quarter out the timing of those deals and the diversity of those channels, and how they come together, they won't be linear. What I would reiterate is that what we talked about at our Investor Day, and I would reiterate here is the partner channel is very, very critical for us. We laid out a growth plan over the long term to add about $100 million of incremental partner revenue. And so, the teams are aligned to that, driving towards that, and we'll stay focused on that goal and give you guys progress updates along the way. And then, in terms of the share buyback, in terms of -- I don't really want to comment on conservative or aggressive, but we definitely will have a balanced capital allocation. We had already had -- prior to the receipt of that $900 million, we had earmarked a balanced approach across share buyback and accelerated debt pay down for Q4. Again, as we laid out for you guys in November. We'll continue that balanced approach. And then, like we said, the $900 million is now available for us to deploy. We already have that in, and ready to go in terms of how we're going to deploy that in Q4.
Jonathan Eisenson: Got it. Thank you.
Natalie Derse: Sure.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question is a follow-up from Saket Kalia with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Saket Kalia: Hey, guys, thanks for fitting me back in. Maybe just one follow-up, if I could. Natalie, maybe for you, so the pipeline in the employee benefits and sort of the partner -- that partner business sounds great. Just given some of the deal dynamics that didn't necessarily benefit here in Q3, and what we are now assuming in Q4, I was just wondering if you could put a finer point on what the revenue impact was here in Q3. I mean, clearly there's some ARPU impacts right that we've talked about quite a bit. But I'm curious how much of that partner business maybe contributed to some of the revenue delta in the quarter.
Natalie Derse: Yeah, I would say, look -- let's look at the top-level number. I think based on the performance that we delivered in Q3 versus what the midpoint of the guide, let's just face into that, that's about $5 million versus midpoint. And so, nothing's going to be material. There's a handful of things that go into that, approximately $5 million miss to the midpoint, us delivering on the low end. And so, the partner deals are a contributor. The fact that when we talk about our growth levers coming through, and we talk about the mix of the customers coming through the funnel, et cetera, that had some. There's a little bit of FX, et cetera. So all in, nothing on an individual line item basis is material, all tallying up to about a $5 million delta.
Saket Kalia: Got it. Very helpful. Thanks.
Natalie Derse: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our final question comes from the line of Hamza Fodderwala. Your line is now open.
Hamza Fodderwala: Thank you. Just for my final, I wanted to sneak in a product question here for Vincent. Just given that the sort of threat environment that we're seeing with the rise of ransomware, AI deepfakes, just the elections that are happening globally around the world, it seems like cyber security is as much of a problem for organizations as it is for consumers. And I'm curious, what are you doing with your partners, with your customers to really educate them on having proper cyber hygiene. And specifically, on the sort of AI deepfake issue, are there any sort of products on the road map that could that could potentially deal with that going forward?
Vincent Pilette: Yeah, absolutely. And we have a lot of activities with partner, that's why partner is so strategic. As we embedded into security and security concerns into solutions that the consumer buy, and then directly with the consumer, we have a full set of activities in term of educating, reminding them. It's also part of our customer success journey that we drive directly with all of our customers. Hygiene, as you know, in cyber security is a big component of that. We definitely are using more and more AI as Ondrej mentioned at the ID using AI to combat AI, if you want. The shift towards a personalized, interactive, intuitive cyber safety companion, if you want, is absolutely essential. We launched Norton Genie as an example of early on what we can do to try to identify some of those fake scams that will become more and more sophisticated. And with that our product will become more and more powerful as it really can scam the entire spectrum of digital threat. So, you will see the evolution of cyber safety for consumer becoming more and more embedded and personalized to you or your behaviors.
Hamza Fodderwala: Thank you.
Jason Starr: Great. Yeah, thanks, Hamza. This concludes our conference call today. Thanks for joining.

===== 2024 Q1  (2023-08-04 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for standing by. My name is Hannah and I will be your conference operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to Gen Fiscal Year 2024 First Quarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded and all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. At this time for opening remarks, I would like to pass the call over to Ms. Mary Lai, Head of Investor Relations. Miss, you may begin.
Mary Lai: Thank you, Hannah, and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to the Gen First Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 Earnings Call. Joining me today to review our Q1 results are Vincent Pilette, CEO; and Natalie Derse, CFO. As a reminder, there will be a replay of this call posted on the IR website along with our slides and press release. I'd like to remind everyone that during this call, all references to the financial metrics are non-GAAP and all growth rates are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. A recon of non-GAAP to GAAP measures is included in our press release which is available on our IR website at investor.gendigital.com. Today's call contains statements regarding our business, financial performance and operations including the impact of our business and industry that may be considered forward-looking statements and such statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations and speak only as of the current date. For more information please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release and the risk factors in our filings and the SEC and in particular our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q. And now, I will turn the call over to our CEO. Vincent?
Vincent Pilette: Thank you, Mary. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to our earnings call. Our fiscal year is off to a great start. This quarter is what many of you have come to expect from us; strong execution, consistent operating discipline and solid results. This quarter marks our 16th consecutive quarter of growth with Q1 cybersafety bookings and revenue both up low single-digits in constant currency when including Avast historical results in the base. We continue to make progress with our direct customer count, reducing our gap between acquisition and churn in the post-COVID environment and on our way to breakeven. With operational integration essentially complete, we expanded our operating margin by another 50 basis points sequentially and six points since the Avast merger which only started nine months ago. We expanded our earnings power growing EPS 5% in US dollars and 9% in constant currency. Our consistency can be easily taken for granted. But make no mistakes, these sustained results speak to the talent and commitment the Gen team shows every day. Our team is second to none. As you can tell I'm proud of what we have accomplished, but what really excites me is when I look ahead, we are well positioned to drive innovation and leadership in cybersafety protecting people against the growing threats facing our expanding digital lives. And we really have only just gotten started. As the footprint of our digital lives continues to expand, people everywhere need easy-to-use solutions that help protect them and enable all the digital world has to offer. When Andre and I first talked about bringing NortonLifeLock and Avast together two years ago delivering this type of protection to more people in more geographies with a comprehensive product portfolio was the fundamental vision for bringing the companies together. And if you go back and look at the road map we shared with our stakeholders you can not only see our progress on each dimension, but more importantly, I believe you can clearly see that Gen is delivering on our mission to empower and protect people everywhere. One of the key elements for Andre and I was that our combination would create unmatched reach and scale. Today, Gen touches hundreds of millions of people with our free services and 65 million subscribers direct and indirect with our premium offerings. We serve consumers in over 150 countries. And at the end of Q1, 60% of the people we serve were outside the US versus 40% two years ago. While we continue to believe in growth in all countries, we have tremendous opportunities internationally to serve more people and over time grow the value we deliver to them. In fact, our customer acquisition success in Latin America is a showcase of this global expansion. In Q1, we reached new customers through new channels, new countries and new products all three dimensions in that region. Our Q1 international growth was supported by positive customer count and expanding ARPU for longer tenure customers which we view as a strong proxy for those customers adding value over time. With our global reach, we bring to market the broadest and most comprehensive portfolio in consumer cybersafety. Norton and LifeLock's leadership in security and identity coupled with Avast strength in security technology and privacy are also unmatched. Not only do we have the breadth of offerings. We have many trusted industry-leading brands. Our portfolio of brands allows us to best serve the different needs of our diverse customers, whether that be from regional or local needs, different life stages or levels of tech awareness with Norton, Avast, LifeLock, Avira, and AVG amongst others we can meet consumers where they are and with what they need. With Avast and Avira we can reach less mature markets with freemium offerings. With Norton, we can offer comprehensive suite that delivered tremendous all-in-one value with higher entry price points. And with LifeLock, we offer unmatched identity theft protection plans including award-winning restoration services. The portfolio and our family of trusted brands are great enablers for us to deliver the right value to consumers in the US and abroad and grow that as they need to evolve. This quarter we delivered our third quarter of sequential improvement in ARPU and retention, driven by double-digit growth in cross-sell and adoption of our comprehensive integrated suite. Today almost 40% of our direct paid customer base has adopted Norton 360 or Avast One. Most importantly, Gen's investment in technology and innovation are really the engines that power our current and future success. In this first year as Gen, we launched several new products and features expanding the portfolio offering to provide our customers more protection and control in the digital world. Products like Avast Identity, AntiTrack on Android, Norton Secure Browser and Executive Protection in Employee Benefits all come from the combination of our complementary portfolios and expand the protection and digital empowerment we offer to consumers. We promised accelerated innovation when we brought Avast and NortonLifeLock together. And now with the integration essentially complete and the strong progress we've made in our next-generation modular cyber safety platform, we are beginning to double down on our innovation efforts and revenue synergies. It is still early days, but just last week we introduced early access program to our latest innovation called Norton Genie. Norton Genie is an AI-powered tool that is designed to help consumers quickly identify whether a text, an e-mail, social media message or web link is a scam or fraud. With a few clicks or taps, Genie will provide real-time guidance and advice on what to do next. Because it's built on AI technology, it learns as it goes and will constantly get better. It is an exciting innovation, that's built on our decades of experiencing data and advanced technology in consumer cybersafety. But just as important as the tech is, Genie takes our customer-centric approach to another level. We created Genie for everyone. It's free. It's interactive, engaging and is right at your fingertips so you can be sure that your daily digitalized is not being compromised by sophisticated and creative scammers. Genie is just a glimpse, of how we plan to innovate and reimagine how people can stay cybersafe and there is so much more we can and will do with Genie platform. Now, innovation is hard, and it's hardly free. So we remain committed to investing in it. We are on a mission to make cybersafety, something people won't want to live without. That's why we focused on delivering and frankly exceeding on our promised synergies while reinvesting a portion for innovation and future growth. We originally promised $280 million in cost synergies, which we later raised to over $300 million. In record time, we fully integrated our sales, marketing and overall infrastructure processes. The day we operate out of a unified go-to-market structure a single ERP system and code to cash framework and with a committed workforce of under, 3,500 down from over 4,500. Halfway through our 18 months timeline, we've already achieved 80% of the cost synergies enabling us to reach almost 58% operating margin in Q1. The remainder will come from our phased product integration work which we are careful with so as to not disrupt the service and experience of our subscribers. Rest assured, of course that these are all planned out and will rollout our progress in the coming quarters. As part of the combination, we also see revenue synergies which we size at around $200 million. A big portion of this revenue opportunity is largely dependent on our next-generation platform which will enable us to offer more value in a more personalized and targeted way across our brands. While the teams are hard at work bringing that to life, we are already leveraging one of our centers of excellence to increase the Avast customer retention rate another pillar of revenue synergies. In Q1, Avast retention was up over two points since the close of the merger. We believe that investing in innovation and growth is a must, but we are already disciplined about funding those investments responsibly, through efficient and streamlined operations. We've made tremendous progress in the integration and our overall operations, which we know will directly support our long-term growth. The 16th quarter of growth and the capabilities we have built coming together with Avast demonstrate that our strategy is working. Two years ago at our last Investor Day, we showcased our strategic playbook and transformation. Today no one is better positioned than Gen, to bring cybersafety to everyone. And the big aspiration goals we set then are more relevant than ever to achieve our vision. As a reminder, we committed to consistently delight our customers doubling our NPS score to above 70. We're committed to protect and empower people with cybersafety doubling our user base and we committed to accelerate our growth while maintaining our operating discipline, doubling our EPS to $3. We've made solid progress as we executed on the merger plan and created Gen providing customers with a great experience is our number one metric. We will continue to make our solutions easy to use and bring added value to their digital lives. In Q1 LifeLock reached an all-time high NPS of 60, giving us the blueprint to leverage, the operational learnings across our entire portfolio. Our user base moved from about 80 million as NortonLifeLock to hundreds of millions of users as Gen and our direct customer moved from 23 million to over 38 million. And also we have been managing through a challenging post-COVID environment including our cost of debt that is much higher than two years ago costing us over an incremental $0.50 in EPS. We remain fully committed to accelerating our long-term growth and delivering our $3 EPS commitment. With our first full year as Gen almost behind us, we look forward to sharing more about our vision and our growth opportunities at our next Investor Day planned for the fall. So stay tuned for the exact date. Natalie will now review our quarterly performance and with the merger and integration essentially behind us, she will also share our full year guidance. On the low end, our guidance is based on the current trends growing low single-digits. On the high end growth accelerates to a mid-single-digit rate towards the end of the year supported by initiatives and investments in key strategic areas, such as international expansion, partnership above and beyond security and our product innovation road map. On direct customer account, we expect to continue to drive improvement over time and exit the fiscal year 2024 on a very positive trend. And with that let me pass it to you Natalie. 
Natalie Derse: Thank you, Vincent and hello, everyone. For today's call I will walk through our first quarter fiscal 2024 results followed by our outlook for Q2 and full year fiscal 2024. I will focus on non-GAAP financials and year-over-year growth rates unless otherwise stated. Q1 was our 16th consecutive quarter of growth reflecting another quarter of solid execution. We came in above the midpoint of revenue and at the high end of EPS guidance. Q1 non-GAAP revenue was $946 million, up 34% in USD and 35% in constant currency. When including Avast historical results, cybersafety revenue and bookings both grew 2% year-over-year in constant currency with broad-based growth across brands and across regions. We continue to execute on our committed cost synergies in an accelerated fashion, which helped expand our operating margin to 58%, up 50 basis points sequentially and up 6 points since the merger. Direct revenue was $832 million, up 33% in USD and up 2% when including Avast historical results. We continue to make progress across our key performance metrics with consistent retention rate improvement and ARPU expansion, which represents our customers' resiliency and loyalty and the strong demand that our product innovation drives. Our quarter-over-quarter direct customer count growth is approaching breakeven. Ending Q1 direct customer count was $38.2 million, a decline of only 29,000 customers quarter-over-quarter, a trend we have worked hard to improve. During the COVID period, customer acquisition was at an all-time high, as the step function change in our digital lives pushed people to find solutions to protect themselves and their families as we were forced to live more of our lives at home and online. And over the last year as the world mobilized back to a normal life with more employees back in office and students back in school, we've seen the levels of customer acquisition normalize in line with that shift. Throughout this period as the elevated number of customers cycled through the life cycle, even though our retention rate remained strong, the units of churn were not in line with our current state of customer acquisition and therefore resulted in five quarters of net quarter-over-quarter customer count decline. It's worth noting however, that when you normalize for the COVID periods of acquisition, in Q1 this year our gross adds grew high single-digits when comparing to pre-COVID periods, representing a low to mid-single-digit CAGR over a three-year period. We are proud of that level of acquisition, driven by our high innovation rate and marketing efficiency, especially given the current market conditions. With our newly expanded Gen product offerings and broader geographic expansion efforts, we see growing demand in mobile and higher acquisition in international markets. Always operating with speed and intent, we have deployed marketing spend to capture growth as we evaluate the long-term sustainability of these green shoots. In our more mature channels, we remain focused on improving the conversion of our direct-to-consumer traffic, leveraging our strong brand presence and engaging our customers with our additional product offerings to ensure they are fully protected against the ever-changing cyber threats. Customer count remains a priority for us and we are making continued progress. We expect to return to sequential customer count growth in this fiscal year as we stay steadfast in our go-to-market expansion, our marketing investments, continue to offer the broadest and strongest product portfolio and drive growth in our green shoots. Turning to retention rate. Since we became a standalone consumer company in fiscal year 2020, our total direct customer base of 20 million grew to over 23 million by fiscal year 2023, a 5% CAGR over three years. Over that period of time, we had stable retention of 85% and even improved it slightly above 85%.  Fast forward to now post-merger, our combined customer retention rate continues to increase sequentially now over 76% with 150 basis points of improvement since the merger. When we unpack this further, we have improved Avast retention rate by over two points in line with our revenue synergy plans and the industry-leading Norton and LifeLock retention rates remain stable with more tenured identity cohorts at 90% plus retention rate. We know we still have opportunities to improve churn across cohorts. We see a strong correlation between retention rate and increased adoption of our cybersafety membership suites now closer to 40% of our direct customer base after the merger. We are focused on driving higher retention through higher engagement continuously bringing new products to market and demonstrated value to the customer with comprehensive protection and world-class service. On the monetization front monthly direct ARPU was US$7.26, an increase of $0.28 since the merger. The growth in our revenue per user is primarily driven by engaging our customers and demonstrating increased value through additional products and services we provide. When we closed the deal one of the exciting opportunities we shared was the cross-pollination of our operational know-how between both companies. Avast had built a $900 million-plus top-line from free-to-paid conversions and cross-sells forging a strong operational expertise in driving high first purchase and conversions with the right moments of truth messaging and product offerings. Meanwhile, Norton and LifeLock had industry-leading retention rates of 85% plus with a strong emphasis on elevating membership value and customer service. As we've leveraged the strength of both companies, we are now driving higher conversion and penetration across multiple customer cohorts, product lines and geographies as well as improving retention on cross-sell products. As we progress through the fiscal year, we are excited to continue scaling this arm of the business with future product introductions. Our partners business remains an important distribution channel for us and is a growing contributor to our paid customer base. Partner revenue was $97 million in Q1 up 35% year-over-year as reported in USD and up 3% when including Avast's historical financials. With the secular tailwinds from the growing pervasiveness of breaches the need and demand for consumer identity protection is increasing not only for consumers, but also businesses and state agencies. More institutions are now turning to our solutions to protect their employees and residents. Although, there is a longer sales cycle, we expect the partner business to continue benefiting from a growing pipeline in the coming quarters and we will continue our investments in diversified channels. Rounding out our revenue our legacy business lines contributed $17 million this quarter and continue to make up less than 2% of our total revenue. We expect legacy to continue declining double-digits year-over-year. Turning to profitability. Q1 operating income was $545 million up 43% year-over-year. We expanded operating margin to 58% as we continue to make strong inroads to the 60% plus margin framework we've outlined in our long-term model. In Q1, our operating expense profile was 30% of revenue moving within our target of 28% to 30% and down from approximately 35% at the time of the merger a testament to the progress we've made on cost synergies. The speed of execution enables us to redirect some of the efficiency gains back into our growth investment framework. You will see us continue to invest to bolster our product portfolio with differentiated solutions, amplify our international presence, especially, in identity and privacy and expand into trust-based adjacencies that will touch more parts of the consumers' digital life. These investments along with the revenue synergies enabled by our remaining product integration will strengthen our mid single-digit rate of growth assumption built in our long-term model. Q1 net income was $305 million up 15% year-over-year. Diluted EPS was $0.47 for the quarter up 5% year-over-year and up 9% in constant currency including $0.02 of currency headwind. Interest expense related to our debt was approximately $164 million in Q1, an EPS impact of $0.20 and a $0.16 headwind compared to last year. Our non-GAAP tax rate lowered to 22% following our legal entity integration and our ending share count was 643 million down one million shares quarter-over-quarter reflecting the weighted impact of share repurchases in the quarter. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow. Q1 ending cash balance is $623 million. We are supported by a total liquidity of over $2.1 billion, consisting of our cash balance and $1.5 billion revolver and we have no near-term maturities due in the next two years. Q1 operating cash flow was $226 million and free cash flow was $222 million, which includes approximately $152 million of cash interest payments this quarter. Despite the increase in interest payments year-over-year, our EBITDA to interest coverage ratio is 3.4 times, a testament to our strong earnings power. Since the Avast merger nine months ago we've generated $850 million in free cash flow and over $1.3 billion in unlevered free cash flow, approximately one times EBITDA as our business consumes very little CapEx. This also includes $55 million of restructuring cash payments since the merger. Please keep in mind that in Q2 every year, we have seasonal cash tax payments that will impact free cash flow next quarter. Turning to capital allocation. We remain intentional and balanced with our capital deployment. In the last nine months since the merger, we've returned $1 billion of capital to shareholders with nearly $650 million of share buybacks and the rest in the form of our regular quarterly dividends. In addition, we've paid over $500 million in debt repayments in the same time period. In Q1, we paid $83 million to shareholders in the form of our regular quarterly dividend of $0.125 per share. For the next quarter Q2 fiscal 2024, the Board of Directors approved a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.125 per common share to be paid on September 13, 2023 for all shareholders of record as of the close of business on August 21, 2023. With our strong cash flow generation and disciplined capital deployment, we will continue to utilize our capital to deliver EPS expansion. Our net leverage is 3.9 times and we remain committed to the target of approximately three times over the long-term. We will maintain a balanced approach, commit to regular dividends, pay down debt and deploy opportunistic share buyback. Now turning to our Q2 fiscal 2024 outlook. For Q2, we expect non-GAAP revenue in the range of $940 million to $950 million, translating to a single-digit growth in cybersafety expressed in constant currency. We expect Q2 non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $0.46 to $0.48 per share as cost synergies are partially offset by near-term increased interest expense based on current SOFR forward curves. Now that we are largely complete with our operational integration, we are reintroducing guidance for the full year fiscal 2024. We expect full year non-GAAP revenue in the range of $3.8 billion to $3.85 billion translating to single-digit growth in cybersafety expressed in constant currency. We expect full year non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $1.95 to $2.02 per share. We're off to a great start in fiscal 2024. We are relentlessly focused on executing on our plan and delivering on our commitments always in a disciplined and balanced manner. Our key performance indicators are trending in the right direction and our financial model is resilient. As we look to the future, we're committed to reinvest into our business to drive sustainable growth and create shareholder value in the long-term. Our future is very bright and I look forward to the opportunity to share more details with you at our Analyst and Investor Day in the fall. As always, thank you for your time today and I will now turn the call back to the operator to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Peter Levine with Evercore. You may proceed.
Vincent Pilette: Hi, Peter.
Peter Levine: Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on a good quarter, sort of, fiscal year. Vincent, maybe one for you and then a follow-up for Natalie. You mentioned doubling down on innovation. You mentioned Genie new AI power tool that you're offering for free. But maybe can you maybe dive into it and explain I mean is this an opportunity to down the road charge have an up charge customers, or are you viewing this more as a retention tool? And then as you think about I think expanding out in your commentary touching upon other areas of consumer security life. What other areas do you think are attractive I think longer term to start thinking about now?
Vincent Pilette: For sure. And, obviously, the topic of innovation and the future development is a huge important framework discussion that's difficult to address in a very fix time frame here. So, we'll share more at our Analyst Day, about that specifically where do we want to invest, how we use technology and the new capabilities we've built to address the next Gen of cybersafety and more. And when it comes to genie, it's both a future acquisition tool if you want, we actually acquired Avast as capabilities with freemium. Today the number one priority is adoption. And then we're going to continue to add values into the tool and turn a freemium into a premium. And at the same time, it's also a retention rate because it's adding functionalities and value to the current members. So, that's that. It's more than that, because the AI new developments if you want have impacted both for us the threat landscape on one side. So, it's changing what the threat looks like and from the past device security and protecting new data to personification, scams and frauds becoming a big topic. AI is accelerating that in ways that are multiple and we'll share more at the Analyst Day. And at the same time, it's also an opportunity for us to continue and improve our platform. The value we bring, not only against a lack of protection, but also an empowerment tool for you to help understand in the AI safety how algorithm and other machine learning and AI models can influence what you're looking at in the digital world, and how you use it. So we see the whole technology as a transformational strength here both on the threat and on the protection side that give us plenty of opportunity. We started currently with a very simple easy-to-use anti-scam tool, that you can download and very quickly check whether it's a scam or not, gives you advice on what to do and how to address it and then we'll continue to expand today, in early access and you'll hear more over the next few weeks months and quarters, how it goes. And then at Analyst Day, we'll share more about how we envision the Genie platform, to be part of our next-gen cybersafety. 
Peter Levine: Thank you for your color there. And then Natalie, you talked about seeing positive customer growth this year. Maybe one is just what gives you the confidence of, what are you seeing today that you're going to hit that inflection point? And then second, you talked about operating -- impressive to see the Avast churn improve I think you mentioned, there was operating efficiencies to go beyond further that you're working on this year. Can you maybe dive into that and kind of tell us, what you're doing today to kind of get that number even higher to where the Norton number is? 
Natalie Derse: Sure. So, we've been on a path of diversification on our go-to-market. Even if you date back two years when we did our Analyst Day, we said we were going to expand internationally from a go-to-market perspective diversified through partners really extend our reach. And I would say, what I see coming through in the gross adds is that coming to fruition. So, we're really seeing a lot of the seeds that we've been planting over the last couple of years, especially in terms of international expansion really take hold. And so that's going to be a continued feeder into our gross adds, as we move forward. as we continue to put investment behind that, as we continue to diversify our marketing and really leverage the go-to-market sales reps that we've got across many different channels. In addition to that, what we're really seeing is customers come through the mobile platform. And so -- and I would say, that is what -- we see that happening across the globe in conjunction with NortonLifeLock with in Avast, we see the mobile channel being one, that we're going to put a lot of dry powder behind in terms of being able to access our products and service anywhere you are in your digital life. And then as it pertains to the Avast retention rate, we've seen nice gains since the merger, we're not surprised. We expressed that through our revenue synergy modeling and commitment. And so the teams just really worked strongly together and got out of the gate relatively strong on, any best practices that could be shared both ways from NortonLifeLock to Avast, Avast to NortonLifeLock. And we see a couple low-hanging fruit wins, so to speak since the merger. And we've continued to build on those learnings. And as the teams just become one Gen team, really having the best practice sharing really pushing the envelope as to what you can believe, and how we can reimagine how we go to market in a collective fashion is really -- has really been beneficial to us and we see that not only in the retention rate, we see that in ARPU as we strengthen and continue to scale the cross-sell upsell muscle, across all the brands. And as we continue to just have the robust product portfolio and the innovation come to come to fruition or come to market, it's just really all things combined has really helped us make some sequential progress there. 
Peter Levine: Thats pretty color. Congrats, on a very good quarter. 
Natalie Derse: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you Mr. Levine. Our next question is from the line of at Saket Kalia with Barclays. You may proceed.
Natalie Derse: Hi Saket.
Saket Kalia: Okay, great. Hey Vincent, hey guys how are you doing? Thanks for taking my questions here. Hey Vincent maybe just for you just on the back of that last question. Great to see the gross adds kind of get back to more historical levels and really hear that those investments are starting to bear fruit. Vincent maybe for you could you just dig into international a little bit? I thought that was really interesting. What geos or countries are maybe surprising you to the upside. And what's the profile of those subscribers? Are they more security? Are they more identity or are they both a little bit maybe just one level deeper just on that part of the investment that seems to be starting to pay off. 
Vincent Pilette: Yes. So, absolutely right. We -- first of all, yes, it's nice to see the direct customer count pressure we've seen for the last five quarters continuously being reduced on the path to breakeven and returning to growth. And if you look at the really, really post-COVID effect where I think we lost 400,000 customers that quarter. We've been reducing that gap all the way to almost breakeven here in Q1. We for the first time talk about those gross adds because many of you investors or analysts had the impression that maybe we're facing like a headwind that we were not controlling and it's really about flushing through the post-COVID impact that Natalie described I won't reiterate it. But when you look at the gross adds and where we are here in Q1 and it's up high single-digits over the last two and a half, three years low single-digit CAGR, it's actually right in line to what we had said three years ago which we will grow balancing all of our drivers including low single-digit growth rate on customer count and normalizing for COVID that's where we're getting to. Now, that is coupled with now having merged with Avast built Gen that has accelerated capabilities and the capabilities as we had mentioned was the breadth of the portfolio the capabilities whether it's renewal cross-sell or technology and then the channel and international expansion. You talked about the expansion internationally. And I'll give you one example because we actually -- internationally we feel pretty good about almost all areas. But Latin America was particularly strong and when you decompose the last three quarters' strength we've seen there it's really coming down together with our capabilities. NortonLifeLock was almost inexistent Avast already had a lot of presence. Then we brought into that region the portfolio of brands introduced products under Norton as well as we continue to then beef up the portfolio in introducing the first identity offering if you want -- so expanding the brand, expanding the cross-sell, and then expanding the channel, not just direct, but also indirect and having a combined view. Basically leveraging the strength of Gen as we came together with LifeLock -- NortonLifeLock and Avast. Basically the capabilities are coming together and over the next two years you should see us managing the macro level environment but really driving on our revenue synergies and accelerated our growth to that mid-single digits. 
Saket Kalia: That's awesome. That's really great to hear. I want to come back to net adds in a second. But Natalie maybe just over to you. I think that one highlight here actually just zooming out from the quarter. is that we now have an annual guide out there, right? Like I think we were kind of going quarter-to-quarter after Avast -- for a lot of good reasons, right? But I'm wondering what's changed in your view that gives you more visibility or confidence to start giving that slightly longer term view that was a little bit tougher to do before?
Natalie Derse: Hi Saket, so thanks for the question. I would say from my perspective it's not things that are new or that have changed. I would say what we really wanted to do was focus on the close and the integration of the deal we'll get the businesses collectively running as Gen and really get through the lion's share of the integration. It was important for us to focus on achieving the cost synergies which as you've heard we're about 80% achieved. We're in an accelerated timeframe. So, this is just the right time for us to reintroduce a full year guide and really lay out for everyone what our expectations are for the performance. So from a topline perspective bookings revenue a range of outcomes in low to mid-single-digit rate of growth isn't new or isn't changed. We're just putting the marker down. We expect our growth to continue and to continue to build upon all of the actions that we're taking that are built into our operating plan. With that we should see the rate of growth on bookings and revenue build throughout the year not new but we will continue the cost discipline that we've expressed and that you know we're known for. And we are building throughout this year as we build towards the financial framework of a 60% plus margin business we'll continue to do that. And then as the growth continues to scale throughout the year we're going to take the opportunity to put some investment and solidify that rate of growth further accelerate that rate of growth and really put the support behind any productive green shoots that we're seeing albeit still within the margin structure that we've clearly laid out for everyone. What's new, I would say, if anything, or what's constantly changing is the interest rate environment. And so you saw what happened just as recent as last week with the cost of debt and the interest rate market. And so that will -- every single rate hike, just -- it creates another hurdle for us and our cost structure to overcome. Now we've been very disciplined and very quick to iterate, as we see those headwinds, which is why we're continuously recommitting to our profit structure. But if there's anything that's changed, I would say, it would be what's out of our control, which is one example is the cost of debt.
Vincent Pilette: Hey, Saket, if I can add also my perspective on this one for as good as operator as we believe we are, and for as far as we wanted to integrate these two leaders together into Gen, the reality is it takes time. It takes time to build the best team in today. We have the best team in consumer cybersafety. It takes time to integrate the processes that now have center of expertise all renewals, across all brands are from one team that has all the expertise, same with cross-sell, et cetera. And it takes -- it just takes time. And now we have at least after Q1, a full quarter operating as an integrated company. And so the confidence to redirect is improving. The second aspect would be for me is we have the ambition to trend -- to change the current trend. We had to flush through the post-COVID effect we're almost at the end of that and you've seen it in the reduction of the customer count gap and it's getting there if you trend it. And we've seen early signs of success from our early investment and/or cross revenue synergies that we feel confident we now can guide the business in the longer-term.
Saket Kalia : Absolutely. Vincent if I could fit one more in just on that point around sort of flushing through some of the post-COVID hangover if you will, I think some of your comments on the call talked about maybe a positive trend sort of exiting the year. I know we don't guide to net adds, but how do you sort of think about that, right? Do we get back -- do we get to breakeven by the end of this year? Do we get back to something more positive? Any finer point, or any color you want to provide just on how that trend looks throughout this year?
Vincent Pilette: Yes. Well, I would say, negative is negative, breakeven is breakeven, and positive is positive. So I would expect that we breakeven through the year and finish the year, as I said, on a positive note, which means on the positive direct customer count growth. And I'll stop short of quantify, because we have multiple levers, we'll have priorities as we go and we'll see trends. It's not linear day in day out, week in week out, everything comes into move, but we have so many levers to go and drive the over long-term value that we feel confident enough that the trend you've seen in direct customer count over the last five quarters, are you reducing that gap almost I could call this quarter breakeven. We still call it minus 29,000 is going to breakeven and then return to growth. 
Saket Kalia : Very helpful guys. Thanks so much.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you.
Operator: Our last question is from the line of Angie Song with Morgan Stanley. Please go proceed.
Angie Song : Hi. Thank you so much for taking my question. So I think over the last several quarters it seemed like cost of acquisition had generally trended up. Could you just touch on some of the trends that you've been seeing as it relates to CAC this quarter? And maybe just explain how this dynamic may translate to top line growth as you look to realize cost synergies and drive down overall expenses? Thank you so much.
Vincent Pilette: We'll partner with Natalie, but I'll take the first crack at it. We can take offline on how you think that CAC is increasing depending on what is in the marketing line. But our cost of direct customer acquisition has been within a small range pretty stable for the last few quarters. Now we continue to invest in that. We now have a system that we feel is working. We have for our entire marketing spend by cohort and by investment, the CLV, the return on investment and the long-term value. And based on our very structured and data-driven framework, we continue to invest more in marketing as we see the growth. So as long as you see positive trend going you'll see us continue to invest in that. And we have not seen marketing rate change over the last short term, I would say, last few months. Natalie I don't know if you want to add anything to that? Okay. Okay. If there is no more question then let me quickly go to some closing comments. I want to mention that on Monday, we published our 2023 social impact report. As the new company Gen, we took the opportunity to reimagine what impact you want to make and reshape our global social impact strategy with our family of trusted consumer brands. Our dual head cores and more importantly our mission in mind. So, today, we're well positioned as a clear leader in consumer cybersafety and we're building a company that drives a real impact around the world. I'm very proud of the team and what we have accomplished so far. This is a reflection of our team so intensively mission-driven, focused on executing and creating value for all of our stakeholders. And while we have already achieved a lot since becoming solely dedicated to consumer cybersafety the truth is that we feel that we're really just getting started. So, thank you for joining the call today and I look forward to talking to you soon. 
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now close your lines.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-05-11 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for standing by. My name is Lauren and I will be your conference operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to Gen's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded and all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. At this time for opening remarks, I would like to pass the call over to Ms. Mary Lai, Head of Investor Relations. Ms. you may begin.
Mary Lai: Thank you, Lauren and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to Gen's fourth quarter fiscal 2023 earnings call. Joining me today to review our Q4 and full year results are Vincent Pilette, CEO; and Natalie Derse, CFO. As a reminder, there will be a replay of this call posted on the IR website along with our slides and press release. I'd like to remind everyone that during this call, all references to the financial metrics are non-GAAP and all growth rates are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. A recon of non-GAAP to GAAP measures is included in our press release which is available on the IR website. Today's call contains statements regarding our business, financial performance, and operations including the impact of our business industry that may be considered forward-looking statements and such statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Those statements are based on current beliefs assumptions and expectations and speak only as of the current date. For more information, please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release and the risk factors in our filings in the SEC and in particular, our most recent reports on Form 10-K and 10-Q. And now, I will turn the call over to our CEO. Vincent? 
Vincent Pilette: Thank you, Mary. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to our earnings call. As I reflect on the year, I'm proud of all that we have accomplished and I'm excited about the tremendous long-term opportunity in front of us. Three years ago we strategically set out singularly focused on and redefine cyber safety for the billions of individuals connected to the digital world. We believe then as we do now that the complexity of our digital lives call out for someone to help protect people from the myriads of threats with innovative and easy-to-use technology that could seamlessly stitch together solutions across security identity and privacy and then reaching to adjacent trust-based solutions. Well, that someone is us, Gen. We are confident that our reach, innovation capability, and disciplined execution can deliver on that strategy and will sustainably deliver long-term profitable growth and increasing shareholder value. Let me quickly recap our year. For fiscal year 2023, we delivered another year of organic growth our fourth consecutive year of growth in consumer cyber safety. We delivered mid-single-digit growth in cyber safety bookings and revenue and exited the year on a $3.7 billion revenue run rate up from $2.4 billion three years ago. During that period, we considerably expanded our scope across our cyber safety pillars security identity and privacy and became truly global with 60% of our customers now from outside the US. We also expanded our reach with our vast capabilities in freemium and free user base in the hundreds of millions. Gen with its trusted brands, omnichannel expertise, and rigorous execution is well-positioned to expand the adoption of cyber safety across the globe. We have over 38 million direct paid customers as we exit fiscal year 2023, up from 20 million three years ago. Despite the pressure on our direct customer count in a post-COVID environment, which saw a sequential decline of 180,000 in Q4, our direct business actually grew low single-digit in Q4 and fiscal year 2023. Our direct customer retention rate ended the year at 76% and our annual ARPU was nearly $87 as we exited fiscal year 2023. In two quarters since the close of the Avast acquisition, we have increased our overall annual ARPU by $3 and our overall retention rate by one point, a testament of the increased value we are providing our customers with our expanded product portfolio offerings, the membership adoption, and the increased loyalty. Both metrics, ARPU and retention rates, improved sequentially in this last quarter and our confirmation of the value creation thesis at the core of our merger with Avast. In addition to 38 million direct paid customers, we also protect over 26 million indirect customers with solutions sold through partners. In fiscal year 2023, indirect customers grew over 1.5 million with about 400,000 sequentially added in Q4. Our partner revenue delivered its third consecutive year of double-digit growth for fiscal year 2023 and we continue to see tremendous opportunities to reach more consumers via diversified channels in our partner business. Our employee benefits channel again grew double digits accelerating in growth as employers recognize the growing demand from the employees. Identity protection is becoming a stable offering in benefits packages just like health care and life insurance. We also continue to scale our telco relationships in key international markets, working closely with our partners to expand their offerings and provide comprehensive cyber safety protection to millions of customers. Our strategy to diversify the distribution channels and grow the value of the offering with these partners is actually working. On the innovation front, we maintained a strong pace throughout fiscal year 2023. We introduced more than 10 new products and features including international privacy monitoring assistance Norton AntiTrack, Norton Identity Advisor, Avast email Advisor, Avast Identity Solution with Avast Secure Identity and Avast One Platinum, Norton Executive Benefit Program for the C-suite with reputation management features, utility account alerts for US LifeLock and Norton 360 numbers. Each of these is a step forward in our strategic efforts to rapidly expand capabilities, protection and geographic reach in privacy and identity. We have accomplished a lot in the business this year, but I would be remiss to not mention the tremendous job the team has done in bringing together Avast and NortonLifeLock. Within six months of growth, our sales, G&A and overall infrastructure processes have been fully integrated. Our single ERP, integrated code cash processes, unified go-to-market structure and functional organizational structures are all in place. We've already realized two-thirds of the cost synergies as we exited fiscal year 2023. This was no small feat given the size scale and complexity of the two businesses. Overall, we have accelerated the integration process and we are on track to achieve the $300 million plus annual cost savings exiting fiscal year 2024. Our integration efforts helped us deliver another point of sequential operating margin improvement in Q4, reaching 57%. In fiscal year 2023, we scaled operating profit to $1.8 billion, up 24% year-over-year and more than doubled compared to three years ago. This profit margin and the resulting unlevered free cash flow, gives us great confidence that we can navigate to the short-term volatility and uncertainties of the global economy. Product integration broadly defined is what remains in front of us and is well underway. We see it as an opportunity to accelerate our march towards our vision of cyber safety, that is digital life-centered, tailored to your needs and easy to use. This requires a unified and simplified product architecture. Progress on this front will allow us to extend our reach to more people giving them exactly what they need while better enabling us to educate them on additional protection and value that we can offer. This is a key enabler of our revenue synergies in fiscal year 2024 and 2025. We still have work to do here. But with our comprehensive set of products, we believe these changes unlock not only those mid-term opportunities but also position us perfectly for the long-term in cyber safety and in trust-based adjacencies. You've heard me talk time and time again about all of our opportunities but let me sum it up briefly. [Technical Difficulty] cyber safety much more accessible engaging and easy to use for everyone. That will undoubtedly continue to grow our customer appeal and loyalty. To start and in particular within the Avast business, we can improve the customer experience and fully integrate our customer journey. Avast retention improved two points in the last six months and we believe the potential is at least 10 points improvement as we incorporate user-focused changes. Secondly, customers always focus on value and we have a tremendous opportunity to show them the value of our cyber safety offering and to continually add to it as the needs evolve and the threats increase. The move towards protection of identity privacy and the protection of your full digital footprint will continue. We have increased monthly ARPU $0.26 or 4% in the last six months. And our long-term objective is to move above $8 where we were with NortonLifeLock adjusted for a new geographical mix. Finally, we know that customer count is a critical metric for our long-term success. In addition to continued growth in indirect customers, where a portion of the market is moving to, we know that in the long-term we will grow our customer materially. And we believe that our initiatives in mobile emerging markets and optimizing marketing spend amongst a few, will help us stabilize the trend in direct customer count and ultimately return it to growth. And with that, let me pass the floor to Natalie, who will talk about our detailed performance.
Natalie Derse: Thank you, Vincent and hello, everyone. For today's call, I will walk through our full year fiscal 2023 performance followed by our Q4 results and wrap up with our outlook for Q1 fiscal year 2024. I will focus on non-GAAP financials and year-over-year growth rates unless otherwise stated. Fiscal year 2023 was another year of progress towards achieving our long-term $3 EPS target and was our fourth straight year of organic growth as a pure-play consumer cyber safety company. As we successfully closed our merger with Avast and integrated as one Gen company, we finished fiscal year 2023 with over $3.3 billion in total revenue, growth of 19% in USD and 23% growth in constant currency. When including Avast's historical financials, cyber safety revenue grew 4% year-over-year in constant currency amidst the dynamic macro environment. We challenged ourselves to accelerate the execution of our committed cost synergies and remain disciplined in our investments, which enabled us to expand full year operating margin to 55% up 220 basis points year-over-year. This growth and discipline led us to deliver $1.81 in EPS, up 4% from the prior year and up 10% in constant currency after incurring a significantly higher amount of debt cost than anticipated at the time of the deal announcement. Our customer base is resilient with over 38 million direct cyber safety customers. Across our Gen business, we have a strong and increasing customer retention rate of 76% and a growing direct monthly average revenue per user or ARPU of $7.24, as we scale our cross-selling and upselling efforts providing increased value to our direct customer base with new security, identity and privacy offerings. Our business with partners continues to grow and we've expanded together to a total paid customer base of approximately $65 million. We are enabling growth with the continued evolution of our product portfolio, and introduced over 10 new products and features this year to provide best-in-class protection and unlock new capabilities for our customers. Turning to Q4 performance. Q4 was our 15th consecutive quarter of growth and our results reflect another quarter of consistent execution. We exceeded our revenue guidance and came in at the high end of our EPS guide. We also crossed $1 billion in bookings for the first time with Q4 bookings up 29% in USD, and up 32% in constant currency. When including Avast's historical financials, cyber safety bookings grew 2% year-over-year in constant currency. Q4 non-GAAP revenue was $948 million, up 32% in USD, and up 35% in constant currency. This also includes an unfavorable FX headwind of $21 million year-over-year or three points of growth. When including Avast's historical results, cyber safety revenue grew 3% year-over-year in constant currency. Direct revenue was $831 million, up 32% in USD, and up 3% when including Avast historicals. We continue to drive higher value and loyalty with our existing customers, as both ARPU and retention improve. As I referenced above monthly direct ARPU is US$7.24, an expansion of $0.15 quarter-over-quarter driven by our cross-sell and upsell efforts and as our identity and privacy offerings grew double digits in the quarter. Ending direct customer count was 38.2 million, a decline of 183,000 customers quarter-over-quarter, a trend we are working hard to reverse. Lower web traffic demand continues to impact the customer acquisition funnel, despite improvements in conversion. We continue to invest in a diverse mix of marketing spend to reach new audiences, drive more traffic to our sites, while dynamically optimizing the channel and geographic mix to drive the highest returns. It is imperative that we continue to focus on improving retention in our existing customer base. Our aggregate direct retention rate improved one point quarter-over-quarter to 76%, which is a strong indication that our efforts to increase customer engagement are working. Offering the best customer experience remains at the core of our values and we are pleased with the progress made this quarter. Before I move off the direct business, I want to give a quick update on revenue synergies. As I shared six months ago, we expect traction with revenue synergies to be measured directly through ARPU and retention improvements over the coming quarters to support our bookings and top line growth expectations. Two quarters later we have expanded monthly ARPU by over $0.25, translating to $3 of increased annual ARPU. We have improved Avast retention making progress to narrow the prior 20-point retention differential between NLock and Avast observed at the time of close. You will continue to see us expand our ARPU and retention rate over the coming quarters. Moving on to partners. Partner revenue was $100 million in Q4, delivering 35% growth year-over-year as reported in USD and 9% growth when including Avast historical results. This was our third consecutive year of double-digit revenue growth in our partner business, as we continue to scale our identity offerings through key channels like employee benefits, telcos and breach protection. With our broad reach and omni-channel strategy, we will continue growing our pipeline, scale and nurture existing partnerships, and build further growth momentum. Rounding out our revenue, our legacy business lines contributed $17 million this quarter, and now make up less than 2% of our revenue. We expect legacy to continue its decline at a similar pace as Q4. Turning to profitability. Q4 operating income was $541 million, up 38% year-over-year. We expanded operating margin to 57%, as we continue to make strong inroads to the 60-plus margin framework, we've outlined in our long-term model. In Q4, we reduced our overall operating expense profile from 31% to 29% of revenue sequentially, while maintaining gross margins above 86%. Since the close of the merger, we've rightsized our organization structure to under 3,700 from approximately 4,500. Our hybrid workforce strategy has also enabled us to further rationalize our real estate and data center footprint driving structural reductions in our operating model. Exiting Q4, we achieved approximately two-thirds of the annual cost synergy target from a run rate perspective with the remaining integration efforts focused on product and engineering. We remain well on track to achieve cost synergies of over $300 million as we exit fiscal year 2024. Ultimately, our accelerated pace and track record of strong execution will unlock more operating leverage enabling us to selectively reinvest back into growth and innovation in fiscal year 2024 and beyond. Q4 net income was $296 million, up 9% year-over-year. Diluted EPS was $0.46 for the quarter, stable year-over-year and up 4% in constant currency including $0.02 of currency headwind. Interest expense related to our debt was approximately $160 million in Q4 and EPS impact of $0.19 and a $0.16 headwind compared to last year. Our non-GAAP tax rate remains at 23%. And our ending share count was 644 million, down $7 million quarter-over-quarter reflecting the weighted impact of last quarter's share repurchases. Turning to our cash flow and balance sheet. Q4 operating cash flow was $324 million. And free cash flow was $323 million which includes approximately $177 million of cash interest payment this quarter. This brings our total fiscal year 2023 free cash flow to over $750 million which includes $381 million of interest paid -- interest expense paid approximately $120 million of costs related to the Avast merger and $43 million of cash restructuring expenses. Our ending cash balance is $750 million. Turning to capital allocation. We remain intentional and balanced with our capital deployment. In fiscal year 2023, we returned over $1.2 billion of capital to shareholders with approximately $900 million share buybacks and the rest in the form of our regular quarterly dividends. In Q4, we paid $80 million to shareholders in the form of our regular quarterly dividend of $0.125 per common share. For the next quarter, Q1 fiscal 2024 the Board of Directors approved a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.125 per common share to be paid on June 14, 2023 for all shareholders of record as of the close of business on May 22, 2023. In addition, since we closed the Avast merger, we have deployed approximately $460 million towards debt paydown when you include the April voluntary payment. We continue to be supported by strong total liquidity of over $2.2 billion and we have no near-term maturities due in the next two years. With our strong cash flow generation and disciplined capital deployment we will continue to utilize our capital to deliver EPS expansion with expected net leverage of approximately 3.9x within 12 months post Avast deal close and remain committed to the target of approximately 3x over the long-term. We will maintain a balanced approach, commit to our regular dividends, pay down debt and deploy opportunistic share buyback. Now turning to our fiscal Q1 2024 outlook. For Q1, we expect non-GAAP revenue in the range of $940 million to $950 million translating to low single-digit growth in cyber safety expressed in constant currency. We expect Q1 non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $0.45 to $0.47 per share, as cost synergies are partially offset by near-term increased interest expense based on current SOFR forward curves. For the full fiscal year 2024, we expect bookings growth in low to mid single-digits, scaling through the year as we make progress on our key metrics. We remain focused on driving our long-term objectives and are still targeting to exit fiscal year 2025 on a $3 annualized EPS with the following underlying key assumptions: cyber safety business to grow mid single-digits, post-synergy structure of 60-plus percent operating margin, free cash flow deployed towards debt paydown and share buyback, SOFR for curve trends indicate rates below 3% exiting fiscal year 2025. Diluted share count expected to be around pre-Avast merger levels. In summary, we were closing out this fiscal year with a strong sense of accomplishment. We have successfully introduced Gen to the world and are excited to scale as the leader in global cyber safety protection. Our financial model remains resilient powered by our best-in-class products and technologies and a loyal customer base. As we look forward to fiscal year 2024 and an evolving macroeconomic environment, we will remain very disciplined in how we operate focusing on executing our plan and will be strategic and intentional in where we invest to maximize long-term shareholder value. As always thank you for your time today. And I will now turn the call back to the operator to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Saket Kalia from Barclays. Saket, please go ahead.
Saket Kalia: Okay. Great. Hey, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking for my questions here.
Vincent Pilette: Hey, Saket.
Saket Kalia: Vincent maybe first for you. Great to see the improvement in retention, I think you said it was one point for the company overall quarter-over-quarter. Great to see that. Can you just maybe talk us through what's driving that in your view? And maybe as part of that just touch on what's happening within the Avast base from a retention perspective?
Vincent Pilette: Absolutely. And as you know we don't like to share our operational know-how with everyone in the world and like to nurture that is our own process IP, if you want. But let me give everyone here a few examples of what we've been doing. So as you mentioned overall company retention improvement 76% plus one point. It's driven by two things. One is continued stable retention in Norton and LifeLock brands and then an improvement of two points of the Avast retention. I do mention the stabilization of our retention in the brands of NortonLifeLock, which as you know are industry-leading retention rates because it's no small feat. This does not happen by itself we're really working and developing all of our values for the customers there. So, on the Avast side just as a reminder I know you know but for those on the call Avast retention rate was about 20 points lower than the Norton and LifeLock business around 65%, which is 85% for NortonLifeLock. And we had already acquired -- before the acquisition of Avast experienced in retention with freemium business model such as Avira, which was also driven slightly above 80%. And so we had a plan to identify the operational opportunities. We identified about half of the gap to be operationally driven about 10 points. And the other half and the other 10 points to be driven by more structural changes such as the geographical mix, the business models the value of the products et cetera. And so we decided to first tackle the first bucket of 10 points. We made a bunch of operational changes. I'll give you a few. We combined our renewal team for all of the brands as one team. We separated the renewal activities with the customer journey activities, with customer journey focused on education and understanding the communication and touch points value-adds to the customers versus the more transactional renewal activities, centralized marketing operations for renewal only across all of the brands worked with our e-commerce third-party partner to share our own e-commerce experience. As you know NortonLifeLock has an in-house engine Avast was outsourced. And so we're starting to share best practices and making sure, we can apply the quick wins we had identified. Those are the operational work if you want in progress. It will take a few quarters as we continue to evolve. Overall, once the operational buckets, if you want is being tackled and fully digested consciously increasing the value to the customer moving them to high value full portfolio of cyber safety moving them to the platform view, using the customer journey team to drive the usage and engagement of the functionalities to make sure they understand the full potential of the protection that the customer has bought. All of those are activities that create value. And we are cautiously optimistic that, that improvement will continue over the next few quarters. 
Saket Kalia: Got it. Got it. That's super helpful. Natalie, maybe for my follow-up for you. I thought it was great to see the delevering in the quarter. I think it was about $300 million. You correct me there if I'm wrong. But can you just maybe talk through how you're thinking about debt paydown this year? And maybe related to that, how you're thinking about interest expense even just broad brush?
Natalie Derse: Yeah sure. Hi, Saket. Just for a reminder for everybody else on the phone so we did -- since the funding of the deal we did $460 million of debt repay down -- repayment. $400 million of that, including the April voluntary payment $400 million was voluntary. Yes with $7 billion of debt at an increasing in volatile SOFR with Q4 SOFR up to 5% it's a meaningful challenge for us to overcome. If you just extrapolate the Q4 interest expense that's $600 million to $700 million on an annualized basis of interest expense. That's $0.75 to $0.80 of EPS. So yes, it's a huge headwind/challenge to overcome. And if you looked at that in isolation combine that with our stated targets on leverage over the long term, the cost the expense and the level of debt that we've got that would point you to deploy as much capital as you possibly could to get that paid down. But we know, we have multiple levers in our business. We know that, we have expressed a balanced capital allocation. And if you look at the $17 stock price that we've got and you look at our strategy and vision on where we're going over the long term, I personally believe that we're massively undervalued. And so that makes the share buyback capital deployment very, very important. And so when we talk to you guys about a balanced approach on our capital allocation, it's exactly that. Both of them are challengers of each other, but both of them are incredibly viable and critical to drive our business and to achieve our long-term objectives. So what you'll see us do on a go-forward basis whether you specifically call it Q1 2024 or over the long-term is strike that right balance looking at all of the dynamics that we've got in our business.
Saket Kalia: Got it. Super helpful. Ill get back in queue. That was very helpful. Thanks guys.
Natalie Derse: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Angie Song from Morgan Stanley. Angie, please go ahead.
Angie Song: Hi. Thank you guys so much for taking my question today. I'm speaking on behalf of Hamza Fodderwala from Morgan Stanley. So just had a quick question on net adds. The last quarter you mentioned that adds for NortonLifeLock lines a little bit more under pressure compared to a vast net add. So could you just talk a little bit more about the dynamic of net adds for NortonLifeLock versus Avast for this quarter? And how should we think about this dynamic as we model out fiscal year 2024? Thank you.
Vincent Pilette: Yeah. Hey, Angie, thanks for your question. So as you mentioned right so, Q4 sequential decline in the direct customers is about 180,000, the lowest of the year. So we see the trend stabilizing. And we're working very actively, our plan to as we said first stabilizing and then returning customer -- direct customer counts to growth. We continue to grow or we grew -- continue to grow our indirect customer counts. On the direct piece, last quarter it was a little more pressure on the NortonLifeLock side on a ratio basis if you want then Avast. And I think it was two-thirds, one-third of the decline. The quarter before it was the reverse. So we also said quarter-on-quarter just be careful not to drive trends within the brands. We see the overall tensions to be about the same across the globe, but being more focused on the security side versus the identity side, so slightly more focused on security. And then I would say Avast because we improved retention two points, of course, continue to reduce the gap if you want. And we're very confident that we'll return them to growth once we fully bridge the 10-point retention of Avast versus Norton. So that should give you some color of the dynamic.
Angie Song: Great. Thank you. And just one more if I may. So on the long-term target, I know that the Avast acquisition definitely brought some complexity into the equation. And given the recent macro backdrop that caused even more uncertainty, could you just remind us what your confidence level is now as we have a little bit more visibility into fiscal year 2024 in achieving your $3 EPS target exiting fiscal year 2025? Thank you so much.
Vincent Pilette: Yeah, absolutely Angie. And I'll pass it to Natalie on the confidence, so you'll hear directly from the CFO. But what I can tell you is that when you talk about Avast bringing complexity, in one sense, it's right. It's merging multibillion dollars companies together. But it's a similar business model with very complementary strengths, so we're very focused every day on the opportunities that Avast is bringing. And we talked about the complementary of the product portfolio. They're bringing more strength on the privacy side. Combined with our identity that now allow us to offer across 65 million paid customers and hundreds of millions of free user, full cyber safety and we gave you some proof points of us being on track to that. We said we can -- going to bolster our technology with Avast and you'll hear more about our pace of innovation now for the combined R&D. We said that now being more global, cyber safety has no borders as you know. And threats are across the globe and people are moving virtually in the world. Being truly global is a real asset for us. We also said that we have some revenue synergies and the Avast retention rate is the beginning of that. You'll see more of that in 2024 and 2025 as we return to growth using those revenue synergies. And then the cost synergies where we delivered only two-thirds of the $300 million plus promises. Now where is the complexity coming from that you may have mentioned? Yes, we did not anticipate the cost of the debt. Frankly when the time we signed the deal, it was a SOFR being 0% and today is 5%. Natalie mentioned that, but we will deliver quickly with our cash flow. And if I follow you guys, investors community predicting SOFR at 3% by exiting fiscal year 2025 by then you will see the full realization of those synergies. So our focus is really on the opportunities that this acquisition is bringing to us. And I'll pass it to Natalie for the confidence in the bridge and the different levers.
Natalie Derse: Yeah. I think you heard about the majority. I would just summarize it into -- from a growth perspective, we really look at it from a value, reach and loyalty perspective. Value is where the innovation is coming from or coming into play where we will constantly innovate, bring great products and services to market in a very competitive way. Reach is our intent and our priority to expand our reach globally, really focusing on international and bringing different products and services, different vectors to new global markets. And then loyalty is about looking at how we can best service our customers, focus on NPS, but also increase the engagement of our existing user base through cross-sell/upsell and really focusing on our retention metrics. Combine that with the expressed discipline that we've got in our cost structure, driving the company to a 60%-plus margin structure that is going to be incredibly a strong feeder into the $3 EPS. We also said, don't forget, back when we came out with our Analyst Day, we said M&A could be also considered as an accelerator, as we continue to generate very, very strong cash flow and as we look at other products and services other  as cyber safety protection continues to expand and evolve. And so all of that in really what you have to believe we just laid out some of the assumptions that we've got with the $3 EPS. When you ladder all that up from a whiteboard perspective or just the back of the envelope, it's not hard to see how you get to the $3 EPS target over the time frame we've provided.
Angie Song: Thank you so much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our final question is a follow-up question from Saket Kalia from Barclays. Saket please go ahead.
Saket Kalia: Okay. Great. Hey, guys. Me again. Sorry, I just had a couple more follow-ups. Natalie, maybe for you. I know it was great to see the ARPU expansion quarter-over-quarter. Maybe a question for you. Where do you think that can go over time? And sort of how do you think about that? 
Natalie Derse: Yes I think we're just getting started honestly. I think with the expanded portfolio that we now have as Gen and with the express desire and strategy and commitment to invest in more and more innovation, I'm confident that we're going to continue to bring great products and services to market that honestly, I think will be easy sell to our customer base. And so where specifically ARPU will go, I'm not sure. It's going to be a balanced or a dynamic approach depending on markets, customer cohorts, the source of those customers, et cetera. But if you even look at the progress we've made already with the equivalent of a $3 ARPU expansion, just start applying that to more and more and more of our customer base, in my opinion we're just getting started. We have a ton of space to increase our ARPU, as we expand and really bring to market that innovation but then also expand our reach across our existing 38 million. And as we bring in new customers as well just be able to expand there as well.
Saket Kalia: Got it. Got it. Maybe for my follow-up for you Vincent. Listen, I mean we're clearly trying to control what we can with margins and operational improvements in retention. Of course, the other part of the net add equation is new customer acquisition. And so maybe the question is for you Vincent. What can you do on the new customer side to sort of continue the stabilization of net adds that we've seen but then maybe turn that corner and reverse the trend? 
Vincent Pilette: Yes. And if you allow me to think slightly differently, where you compare margin and what we control versus customer acquisition, I would say, you can take a stable stake that the operational commitment of running lean and really redirecting every dollars to either innovation or sales is what we do. This is what is in our DNA and in our culture and we'll continue to do that very, very well. The value we drive and the price we're able to charge, representing that value, coupled with operational discipline is what drives the margin. As you know, it's a very high-margin business. When it comes to the growth and how we grow our business, we really for us have the three buckets. Natalie mentioned the ARPU and supported with innovation, how much more do we add to the value of the portfolio. And Natalie is right that in some way it's not like a daily focus. I told you the first proof point we can go to is where we were with NortonLifeLock, above $8 adjusted for the mix between the geographies and the portfolio. And over the next eight quarters to this time frame we gave you we believe we'll cross $8 at the same cohort. So that's number one. Can we later on get to $10 per month or more? Absolutely, but it will come from added value new adjacent services, the ability for you to manage your digital reputations that are services above and beyond to what your core cyber safety membership brings. The second one of course is the retention, right, as the second bucket for the growth. The more retain, the more we satisfy you as the customers, the more value we'll be able to drive for the business. And there you've seen some of the progress. I talked about the operational view. Our whole focus here is, around customer journey giving them peace of mind, in this hacking world that continue to evolve and is actually pretty scary. And then the third one is about, bringing new people to cyber safety, which is the acquisition side and it will be a real trade-off, between those three activities depending, if you get faster progress on one of those three buckets, you may have pressure on the other metric. But overall, the value towards our long-term mission will continue to progress. On the net path, right? The first one is, you retain more and then you try to acquire new customers. We now have a full set of capabilities from freemium, to product sales, to membership sales to all the countries we can go after. But we know, that we're not perfect in every one of them, and we still have more opportunities. We're doubling down into mobile. Everything we do needs to be mobile. It's where the digital life is first touch points, today. Even though you still use your desktop and all of that, you may want to act and interact through mobile. Mobile is a big channel for us, in terms of growth. We know that some customers would want their cyber safety to be part of other solutions, financial solutions or employee benefit that they get. And so partnering with others to continue to get more customers, touch to cyber safety, is an important one. Once we have them, the cross between indirect customer and direct customers, which we're trying to do here, which really should be viewed as more direct interaction with our customers, is another set of activities that we're driving. With Avast, a strong footprint in emerging markets and now bring a full cyber safety to emerging markets, would be another one where we can add new customers and back to my comment, would have a little bit more pressure on ARPU, because the price per month in emerging market is lower than in the western world, but it's a healthy balance, that we're trying to achieve. And then another one, I can mention and we have a lot of activities is the balance of our marketing spend activities, across all channels including accelerating the freemium in stores, the freemium to the paid conversion and value demonstration. All of that is in full swing. I'd rather not give you a precise quarter of customer count. We're confident we'll return that metric to growth. We're working -- you've seen the reduction of the gap. I would say, in Q1, you plan with similarly -- similar trends that you've seen in the last two quarters, but we continue to improve. And by the end of fiscal year 2025, when we give you that model, we're assuming that we will be returning in a balanced way, on growth, on all three of the buckets I've just mentioned. 
Saket Kalia: Very helpful, guys. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, as there are no more questions, I will turn the call back to Vincent Pilette, CEO for closing remarks.
Vincent Pilette: Excellent. Thanks, Lauren. And I want to thank each Gen employee for their hard work, and for embracing and directly managing through so much change. Our entire team is driven to protect and advocate for our customers, and we do not take for granted the millions of people around the world, who trust us to help them safely navigate the complex digital world. We have a strong culture of innovation and execution. We have a winning strategy, and we will continue to execute to drive profitable growth, and create long-term value for all our stakeholders. So thank you for joining our call today, and I look forward to talking to you soon. 
Operator: This concludes the conference call.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-02-02 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for standing by. My name is Francis and Ill be your conference operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to Gens Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Call. Todays call is being recorded and all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. At this time for opening remarks I would like to pass the call over to Ms. Mary Lai, Head of Investor Relations. Miss, you may begin
Mary Lai: Thank you, Francis. And good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Gens fiscal 2023 third quarter earnings call. Joining me today to review our Q3 results are Vincent Pilette, CEO, and Natalie Derse, CFO. As a reminder, there will be a replay of this call posted on the IR website along with our slides and press release. Id like to remind everyone that during this call all references to the financial measures are non-GAAP and all growth rates are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. A reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP measures is included in our press release which is available on the IR website, at investor.gendigital.com. Todays call contains statements regarding our business, financial performance and operations including the impact of our business industry, that may be considered forward-looking statements and such statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations and speak only as of the current date. For more information, please refer to the Cautionary Statement in our press release and the Risk Factors in our filings with the SEC, and in particular, our most recent report on Form 10-K and 10-Q. And now I will turn the call over to our CEO, Vincent.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you, Mary. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our Q3 earnings call. To start, I want to first thank each Gen employee for their contributions in 2022. Merging two companies is never easy, and I'm proud of their dedication and the tremendous progress we have made. Quickly getting the integration done right, creates the foundation for Gen to keep empowering millions to live their digital lives safely. We are at the intersection of a digital transformation that touches all aspects of our lives and an ever-evolving threat landscape that threatens our digital security, identity and privacy. Although malware is still one of the biggest threat vectors, hackers and scammers continue to shift to attacking individuals and their data, not just the device anymore. The shift to the individual means that your information needs to be protected in all the digital places where it leads. In today's world, protecting the device for malware is often not enough. Information as a usage, [ph] discovery or manipulation is more damaging financially and to reputation that malware has ever been. The threat volume landscape and sophistication have grown, not reduced, whether it is test identity, fraud, privacy or fake news, people's financials, their reputation and overall digital safety are under threat. We are committed to fulfilling consumers' immediate needs and giving every person connected to the digital world, a path towards total cyber safety. Gen brings together trusted brands such as Norton, Avast, LifeLock and combines many capabilities. Our combination of technology, products, marketing and sales channels, creates a strong foundation for Gen's long-term growth plan. It strengthens our product innovation efforts, diversify our business, increases global scale, and opens new go-to-market opportunities. We set a strategy to be the best cyber safety platform for consumers and we have the growth levers to get us there. As we shared on the last call, the growth levers are extending global reach by leveraging our omnichannel strategy, increasing value for customers expanding to identity and privacy solutions, and growing loyalty from customers by improving user experience and retention. Before I highlight our Q3 results and pass it to Natalie, let me share the progress made on the integration. As you would expect, we've hit the ground running fast. In the first three months, we've integrated our back-end systems and processes and deployed a unified go-to-market structure, enabling us to optimize our investments across all brands. We identified and eliminated about 700 duplicative jobs or activities. We are in the process of deploying our new location strategy, leading to facility reductions. And this week, we're integrating our code-to-cash processes. Product integration will be the long pole where we are striving to not only maintain but accelerate our pace of innovation, which supports our revenue synergies and broader growth objectives. In this case, we are strategically driving the integration of our technology and engineering teams to ensure that we continue delivering innovative products that address the dynamic threats people face every day. Overall, you can see our progress in the expanding operating margin. We are on track to achieve the $300 million plus annual cost savings exiting fiscal year 2024. Our integrated teams are now coming together across continents, sharing knowledge and adopting best practices and technological know-how with a focus on driving customer loyalty, platform adoption, cross-selling activities which are at the core of our revenue synergy plans for the next two years. Let's turn to Q3 results. The market trends we saw in Q3 were consistent with what we have been seeing in the last few quarters, persistent pressure on global e-commerce traffic and lackluster overall consumer demand and inflationary pressures. We believe that consumers have taken a more cautious approach to their spending in this challenging environment. Despite the macro factors, we delivered our 14th consecutive quarter of growth and when we look at our direct and partner business combined, which we call now cyber safety, our Q3 bookings and revenue were both up 4% in constant currency when including a vast historical results in the base. Growth was spread across regions, brands, and product lines. We expanded our operating margin by three points year-over-year and four points sequentially. EPS grew 2% with the negative impact of currency and interest expense, masking the strong execution and operational strength of our business. Our direct business grew 3%, similar to last quarter's growth rate. In this soft environment, we continue to strategically deploy our marketing spend to achieve the highest returns and efficiency, prioritizing higher ARPU and customer retention but not taking our eyes off the ball on the top of the funnel. Growth was supported by strong cross-sell, especially with double-digit growth in our privacy offerings and slight sequential improvement in Avast retention, while our direct cyber safety customer count declined by slightly over $200,000 quarter-over-quarter. On the partner business side, we continue to make strong traction with our diversified and omnichannel approach, delivering another double-digit growth quarter or this quarter was primarily driven by wallet share gains from existing partners as we continue to demonstrate our value proposition. As you've heard me say many times, the core of Gen success is product innovation. And the integration of the two companies will only accelerate our combined capabilities. In Q3, we introduced several new products. We launched Norton Executive Benefits program, which is a product that includes both LifeLock and reputation defender solutions and is designed for employers that want personalized, concierge support for their C-suite executives and other high-profile individuals. We continued to expand our Identity business internationally with the launch of credit monitoring features in the UK market. In the US, we launched two new products. Avast Identity Secure was launched in December, which includes identity test protection, alerts assistance and loss reimbursement. Additionally, LifeLock added an industry-first feature called Utility Alerts, which monitors new utility or telco accounts that are opened in customers' names. In privacy, we have launched a mobile app for our Norton anti-truck product to extend our reach. And we've also expanded our global reach with the launch of Norton Privacy Monitor Assistant to Canada for the very first time. Our strategy in the short and mid-term is to expand the value offered to our current customers through new product launches and an improved user experience that comes within our platform that we've developed. We believe these focuses will grow loyalty and retention. Innovation is a top priority, and we will continue to invest to have the strongest portfolio that keeps our customer fiber sales. Let me wrap up my comments here by saying that our growth strategy remains intact. We will continue to execute to drive profitable growth in this challenging environment and create long-term value for all stakeholders. And now let me turn the call over to Natalie to cover our results in detail. Natalie?
Natalie Derse: Thank you, Vincent, and hello, everyone. For today's call, I will walk through our Q3 results, give an update on synergies and wrap up with our outlook for Q4, who will focus on non-GAAP financials and year-over-year growth rates unless otherwise stated. Our Q3 results reflect another solid quarter of performance and consistent execution. We came in above the midpoint of our revenue guidance and at the high end of our EPS guidance. We drove our 14th consecutive quarter of bookings growth, supported by a resilient customer base and expanding product portfolio and our channel and geographic diversification efforts. We grew Q3 bookings 29% in USD and 35% growth in constant currency. When including Avast historical financials, cyber safety bookings grew 4% year-over-year in constant currency. Our major contributors to growth in Q3 included ARPU expansion as we scale our cross-selling efforts, stable retention with our existing customer cohorts, growing double-digits with our partners for the ninth consecutive quarter and driving our direct business to mid-single-digit growth supported by several new product launches. Q3 non-GAAP revenue was $936 million, up 33% in USD and 38% in constant currency, which includes a full quarter of Avast contribution. This also includes an unfavorable FX headwind of $34 million year-over-year or five points of growth, the highest it's been all fiscal year. When including a vast historical revenue, cyber safety revenue grew 4% year-over-year in constant currency. Now, let me walk through our cyber safety key operating metrics for the quarter. Direct revenue of $818 million grew 31% in USD and grew 3% when including a vast historical financials. Considering the continued macroeconomic pressures persisting in the market, we are proud of our performance in driving higher value and loyalty with our existing customers as measured by ARPU expansion and retention improvement this quarter. Direct monthly average revenue per user or ARPU was $7.9, an expansion of $0.11 quarter-over-quarter. We drove growth through our expanded cross-sell and upsell efforts, just like we said we would do back in November. Our scaling privacy offerings have strong traction with our existing customers who choose to attach these incremental services to their existing subscriptions, driving high double-digit growth in the quarter. Cyber safety membership adoption has increased again this quarter as customers choose the incremental value and services we offer through our integrated platform versus stand-alone offerings. Direct customer count ended at 38.4 million, a decline of $219,000 quarter-over-quarter as we continue to face into a challenged macroeconomic environment. Traffic to our e-commerce sites is lower than last year and is impacting our new customer acquisition funnel. We continue to invest in a diverse mix of marketing spend to help drive more traffic to our site, while optimizing the channel mix and dynamically adapting to market shifts in efforts to drive higher customer acquisition. We strive to delight and retain our existing customer base, and it's working with direct retention sequentially up and landing above 75%, with pockets of improvement in different cohorts. One of the primary synergy opportunities we shared in November was the Avast retention improvement. In a short period of time, we made early inroads with the Avast retention rate sequentially and while the improvement was nominal, we are encouraged by the early progress. Looking ahead, we expect traction with revenue synergies to be measured directly through ARPU and retention improvements over the coming quarters. Moving on to partners. We drove partner revenue to $95 million, 40% growth year-over-year as reported in USD and 11% growth when including Avast historical financials. This was our ninth consecutive quarter of double-digit revenue growth across our partner channels, a result of our growing international product portfolio, enabling us to sign new partnerships and capture more new business with existing partners. We continue to leverage existing telco and retail partnerships to drive the distribution of our expanded product offerings. Our employee benefits channel is a differentiator in the market with a strong growing pipeline, spanning across small, midsized, and large employers. With our broad reach and distribution, we will continue to invest and are well-positioned for growth in this channel. Turning to profitability, Q3 operating income was $526 million, up 41% year-over-year. We expanded operating margin to over 56% as a result of our continued cost discipline, our accelerated integration efforts, and our strong execution of cost synergies. Through Q3, we have reduced our overall operating expense profile from 35% to 31% of revenue. Synergistic workforce reductions from approximately 4,500 employees to roughly 3,850, facilities rationalization from a hybrid workforce strategy and early consolidation of duplicative enterprise IT contracts are structural contributors to our lower operating costs. We are making inroads to the 60% plus margin framework we've outlined last quarter. At the end of Q3, we achieved approximately one-third of the annual cost synergy target from an exit rate perspective, and we remain on track to achieve cost synergies of over $300 million as we exit fiscal year 2024. As planned, this creates more operating leverage to reinvest in product innovation and sales expansion as we move forward in our growth efforts. Q3 net income was $291 million, up 12% compared to last year. Diluted EPS was $0.46 for the quarter, up 2% year-over-year or 9% in constant currency, including $0.03 of currency headwind. Interest expense related to our debt was $148 million in Q3 with a negative EPS impact of $0.17 from total cost of debt in the quarter, $0.14 worse than last year. We anticipate the currency headwinds to continue and the interest rate conditions to remain volatile with a projected rise in SOFR in the near future. Turning to our cash flow and balance sheet. Q3 operating cash flow was $306 million and free cash flow was $305 million, which includes approximately $150 million of interest expense payments for this quarter. This brings our fiscal year-to-date free cash flow to a total of $428 million. Our ending cash balance was over $800 million. We maintain a balanced approach in our capital deployment. In January, we made a $250 million prepayment of our TLB. In Q3, we deployed $500 million of opportunistic share purchases -- repurchases, the equivalent of 23 million shares, and we have approximately $870 million remaining in our current buyback program. We also paid $80 million to shareholders in the form of a regular quarterly dividend of $0.125 per common share. For Q3, the Board of Directors approved a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.125 per common share to be paid on March 15, 2023, and for all shareholders of record as of the close of business on February 20, 2023. We are well positioned with over $2 billion in total liquidity and we have no near-term maturities due until April 2025. With our strong cash flow generation and disciplined capital deployment, we will continue to utilize our capital to deliver EPS expansion and target net of approximately three times with a balanced approach to pay down debt and deploy opportunistic share buybacks. Now turning to our Q4 outlook. For Q4, we expect non-GAAP revenue in the range of $935 million to $945 million, translating to low to mid-single-digit growth in cyber safety expressed in constant currency. We expect Q4 non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $0.44 to $0.46 per share as cost synergies are partially offset by increased interest expense based on current SOFR forward curves. Beyond Q4, we remain focused on our long-term objectives and are still targeting to achieve $3 annualized EPS exiting fiscal year 2025 with the following underlying key assumptions. Our cyber safety business continues to grow mid-single digits, post synergy structure of 60% plus operating margin, free cash flow deployed towards debt paydown and share buyback. The SOFR curve trends indicate rates below 3% exiting fiscal year 2025 and our diluted share count expected to be around pre-Avast merger levels. In summary, this was a solid quarter and in line with our long-term plan. We are proud of our continued growth, the level of execution across our teams, and the accelerated achievement of synergies. Amidst the headwinds we face, we remain focused on delivering the best products and services to our customers, both current and future, and we remain committed to driving incremental shareholder value with our robust business model high ratable revenue streams, healthy customer base and strong cash flow generation as we take advantage of the huge secular growth opportunity in front of us. As always, thank you for your time today. And I will now turn the call back to the operator to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question from Saket Kalia. Please go ahead.
Vincent Pilette: Hi Saket.
Saket Kalia: Hey great. Hey Vincent, hey Natalie, hey guys how are you?
Vincent Pilette: Good.
Saket Kalia: Thanks for taking my questions here. Vincent maybe just to start with you, kind of longer-term questions. To start with the longer-term question. I know that revenue synergies are a little bit more of a multiyear process, but I guess with the first full quarter of Avast under your belt, how do you feel about what you've seen for synergy opportunities, right? Whether that's processes around retention or cross-selling Curious how you feel about those revenue synergies, again, kind of having more time as a combined entity?
Vincent Pilette: Yes, it's a very good question. We said on the last call that we will first really focus on fast integration of our operations than of our products to put in the best position to grow the value for our customers. On the last call, for those who were not on the call, we identified about $200 million of revenue synergies to be realized over the next two years. Half of those revenue synergies were about improving retention. Northern Life Log before the acquisition of Avast had a retention of about 85% on the customer side, when we merged with Avast, or brought Avast portfolio in, the aggregate portfolio dropped to 75%. And based on our initial assumptions, we felt we can improve that retention by about five good points on operational activities that we had identified at Norton LifeLock, including moving more customers to a membership level and making sure that they benefit and use all of the functionalities of the platform. After 90 days in, I think Natalie mentioned in her script that we improved Avast retention nominally, so not enough yet to make it a trend or mature, but it gives us good confidence that we're on the right path, having identified the right operational plan to improve over the next few quarters. The next big revenue synergies, it's all about cross-selling opportunities. Three quarters of our customers being more security focused, still device-centric and offering them the opportunity to grow in the identity and privacy space. In the quarter, the launch of new identity features or privacy products give us confidence that those would be well received. And I think over the next few quarters, we're going to accelerate that cross-sell, up-sell activities. One of the conditions is to have the product strategy fully defining the product integrated so we can do in-app identifications of the weaknesses for the customers and helping them being fully protected. And then the remaining other activities is between e-commerce, optimization, marketing recalibration across the business models we diverted a little bit of our marketing spend on the free-to-pay conversion so good results. So I think all in all, I would say today, I would reconfirm our $200 million estimate. The timeline does not change, but our confidence in getting there is there. We know in the short-term that we mentioned some macro level changes on global traffic and others. But when we based our the next two-year model and come in to the $3 EPS. We're confident we can rely upon a mid-single-digit growth rate to get there. Half of that growth rate is coming from those revenue synergies.
Saket Kalia: Got it. That's very helpful. Natalie, maybe for you. Great to see the $500 million in buyback in the quarter. I think you said it was $250 million of a little bit of delevering here early in Q4. Can you just talk to us a little more broadly about how you're factoring in capital return into maybe the Q4 guide? And maybe longer-term, I mean you mentioned some nuggets there just around the $300 in EPS. How should we sort of think about that kind of mix of share buyback and delevering.
Natalie Derse: Yes. Hi, Saket, thank you for the question. To answer your question very specifically, for the Q4 guide, we have nothing factored in there in that model beyond the mandatory debt pay down. But as you know, very, very consistent with our capital allocation priorities. We'll continue to strike the right balance across accelerated debt paydown and opportunistic share buyback as we all know, there's financial benefits to both of those as we maximize return back to our shareholders. We've stated delevering as a priority. It is. And as the cost of debt, you've heard it now a couple of times in today's call. The cost of debt for us is a major hurdle, one that's going to get worse before it gets better. So you can count on us that as we continue to generate strong cash flow and we continue to repatriate our international cash, we will be very, very active in deploying capital allocation in the most advantageous way. As we look into the long-term model, it does -- our capital allocation priorities stay very, very consistent. We s till -- we have a large amount of outstanding debt SOFR curve that anybody can see doesn't seem that it will get much better until fiscal year 2025. So as we navigate through not only Q4 but fiscal year 20024, you'll see us strike that right balance across opportunistic share buyback and accelerated debt paydown. We got to do both.
Saket Kalia: Absolutely, absolutely. Vincent, maybe just one last one for you, a little bit more shorter term. So obviously, a much more challenging macro backdrop. We saw that in the net add metric. I'm just kind of curious if you could parse that out a little bit. And maybe that's just a focus on kind of the log piece. How did gross add to how did sort of churn do? How are you kind of thinking about that in the coming quarters?
Vincent Pilette: Yes. So, when you step back at a high level, three growth drivers. One is the revenue we get for users, which really is about adoption of some of the products or the full portfolio; the retention activities so more customers being retained satisfied with our values; and then the total customer adds not just the direct customer that we report. On ARPU growth sequential on retention, slight improvement driven by Avast, mainly and we continue to work on those behind that. Many investors ask me, okay, how do you do that? Obviously, we have a lot of operational know-how, but product innovation and membership adoption are the two very important driver there. And I think you've seen that we have a good cadence there. Then comes total membership. We look at membership as a total, including from partners, even though they're not a direct customers, they benefit from our overall membership. And so we'll continue to invest into that partnership, you've seen double-digit growth, and we're pretty happy about the performance there. We continue to work on the funnel. When it comes to direct customers with a stable retention across all lines and across regions and slightly growing ARPU. It's all about the net gross adds, so the new top of the funnel, if you want. A trend we have seen now for a couple of quarters, right? So, it's no different this quarter than it was last quarter or slightly more robustness on the identity privacy combined pillar if you want a little bit more weakness the security when you may be closer to the device. Same dynamic, whether it's Europe or Americas. And I think for us, it's all working on that marketing spend optimization as we continue to innovate the portfolio.
Saket Kalia: Very helpful. I'll get back in queue. Thanks guys.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your questions. Our next question comes from the line of Hamza Fodderwala with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Pilette: Hey Hamza.
Hamza Fodderwala: Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. So, I wanted just to follow on the net add question because I think that's probably what folks might be picking on a little bit. But it sounds like the overall environment was pretty consistent with your expectations for this past quarter. But I think last quarter, we saw that the net adds coming in a little bit more stable, at least on the Northern LifeLock side. So I'm curious, was there anything throughout the quarter, perhaps what you saw towards the end of December where the consumer maybe got a little bit weaker as it relates to Gen Digital.
Vincent Pilette: Yes, I understand the question. So, actually, Q1, Q2, Q3, the trends were somewhat in sand dynamic, the same. And you're right that last quarter, it was the Norton and LifeLock lines, if you want, that were sequentially slightly more under pressure -- sorry, less under pressure versus Avast and this quarter is actually the reverse. I would not indicate that as like 1 quarter change within the proportion of what we're looking at, it's not mature enough. And I think overall, you can say about the same dynamic slightly worse in Europe and Americas, but same dynamic across the two continents and slightly worse in security closer to the device than identity and privacy. And I think when we guided back in November, we had said, hey, we don't see a change in that trend. And I think for the next few quarters as we close the fiscal year, we see similar trends and that's why we're right now really focusing on integration, product integration, increasing ARPU and retention as we continue to optimize between the different brands and business models we have.
Hamza Fodderwala: Got it. And just maybe a quick one for Natalie. The dollar has gotten quite a bit weaker year-to-date. Just curious how you're thinking about FX headwinds in relation to the fiscal Q4 guidance and perhaps any commentary you get beyond that?
Natalie Derse: Hi, Hamza. Yes, from a guidance perspective, we just assume no change to currency rates. We don't guide based on projected impacts of currency fluctuations in the market.
Vincent Pilette: And also change Hamza only a few percentage points. So it's sorry, I just wanted to add Hamza that between dollar versus euro at 106 versus 109. Yes, it may change in big views, but it's not materially different for us to change how operationally we drive. And inside the company, we drive all of our teams in constant currency and each sales team and direct-to-consumer teams are managing their business on the bookings in constant currency. So
Hamza Fodderwala: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your questions. There are currently no questions registered. [Operator Instructions] At this time, there are no more questions remaining. This will conclude today's Gen Q3 Earnings Call. Thank you for joining, and have a great rest of your day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2022-11-08 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for standing by. My name is Matt and I will be your conference operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to Gen's Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks, I would like to pass the call over to Ms. Mary Lai, Head of Investor Relations. Miss, you may begin.
Mary Lai: Thank you, Matt and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Gen's first earnings call. Joining me today to review our second quarter fiscal year 2023 results are Vincent Pilette, CEO; and Natalie Derse, CFO. As a reminder, there will be a replay of this call posted on the IR website, along with our slides and press release.  I'd like to remind everyone that during this call, all references to the financial measures are non-GAAP and all growth rates are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. A reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP measures is included in our press release which is available on the IR website at investors.gendigital.com. Today's call contains statements regarding our business, financial performance and operations, including the impact of our business industry that may be considered forward-looking statements and such statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations and speak only as of the current date. For more information, please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release and the risk factors in our filings with the SEC and in particular, our most recent reports on Form 10-K and 10-Q.  And now I will turn the call over to our CEO, Vincent?
Vincent Pilette: Thank you, Mary and welcome, everyone, to our first earnings call at Gen Digital. In many ways, we are a new company, better positioned as a leader in Cyber Safety and with an expanded purpose of powering Digital Freedom for everyone. Our mission is to create technology solutions for people to take full advantage of the digital world safely, privately and confidently.  Let me tell you a little bit about why we created Gen. Generations today are normally associated with age, such as Gen X, Gen Y or Gen Z but all generations, no matter what your age, are connected by one thing. We are all digital, generation digital. We shop, bank, learn, socialize online. And that is just today. We have reimagined what the future will bring and what we can bring to Generation D. Digital technology and innovation bring tremendous benefits to consumers in ways we could never have imagined but they also make our world more complex, more demanding, more exposed. They have created new threats and challenges. Hacking has become a profession. The dark web is a black market used by bad actors and the challenges are not limited to hacking, scamming or phishing. Our personal data is exposed everywhere and algorithms are influencing our reasoning.  Safety, of course, remains an absolute requisite for protecting our digital lives and fully benefiting from the digital world we live in. Protecting online security is how we got started 30 years ago and it's still at the heart of what we do today but that's not enough anymore. At Gen, we are committing to bring our credibility, our passion, our innovation to step up and boldly tackle new challenges, powering digital freedom for everyone. Gen is now the leader that consumers trust to deliver comprehensive digital protection and empowerment in the digital world. We are now united by our family of trusted brands, including Norton, Avast, LifeLock, Avira, AVG, ReputationDefender and CCleaner. These amazing brands have and will continue to spend generations with products and solutions that suit different lifestyles and life stages. We will also focus on trust-based solutions that will do more than just help people around the world live fuller, safer digital lives today. We will help define what it means to be freely in the digital world of tomorrow. As you know, Gen is dual headquartered in both the U.S. and Czech, giving us the benefits of a truly global talented team located across America, Europe and Asia. We have a purpose-driven culture with an innovative mindset. We have products and solutions in over 150 countries with an omnichannel distribution strategy and we are trusted by over 500 million users around the world. It is critically important to us to provide a seamless integrated Cyber Safety portfolio with best-in-class functionalities and products that are easy to use and consumer-friendly.  Before I share more about the quarter, let me talk a little bit about our integration. We closed the Avast acquisition on September 12 and we are off to a great start. We have announced our new organizational design and leadership teams to help drive the next chapter of this company. On November 1, we merged our back-end systems and have detailed technology and integration road maps. As a result, we have increased our annual savings to over $300 million and we believe we will be fully completed within the next 18 months.  With the combined go-to-market, leveraging a powerful set of trusted brands, we are focused on the opportunity to deliver more value to our current customers across our brands. We know that higher engagement leads to growth in ARPU and growth in retention for our nearly 65 million Cyber Safety customers which includes both paid direct and partners. As of today, we have identified initiatives that are revenue synergy opportunities of about $200 million in the next 2 years, giving us additional confidence in our ability to sustain a mid-single-digit growth rate in the midterm. While an integration is never easy for the team, we are collectively very motivated by the opportunity in front of us.  Now let me move to our Q2 results. I will provide a high-level summary and then Natalie will spend more time walking you through our detailed results and the reporting structure post acquisition. Supported by our strong execution in a challenging environment, we delivered our 13th consecutive quarter of growth, with Q2 bookings up 11% and revenue up 12% in constant currency which includes 7 percentage points of contribution from Avast. Excluding Avast, our Cyber Safety bookings revenue grew 5% in constant currency, in line with our mid-single-digit growth expectation. Earnings grew 5% or 12% excluding the impact of currency headwinds.  Our market leadership, our strong customer loyalty and the continued increase in value we delivered to our product innovation and membership adoption enable us in the current economic environment to really tackle the business from a position of strength.  At the core, we are a technology and product company. And one thing that will not change is our continued pursuit for a faster pace of innovation and build out of our product portfolio. Combining our offering with Avast gives us the most comprehensive product portfolio featuring a full coverage of Cyber Safety needs. We are the first to offer a fully-integrated platform covering device security and performance, data and cloud security, identity protection, personal privacy and reputation management.  Before the acquisition, over 60% of our customers had taken a membership or platform approach using Norton 360. Now with Avast, we approximately have 35% of our customers having adopting a platform, giving us the opportunity to offer another 15 million customers the benefits of a feature-rich platform.  While we are making fast progress on the technology front and the product integration front, we remain focused on the pace of our product releases, whether they are new products, new functionalities or platform upgrades. We continue to make strong inroads with our privacy solutions. In Q2, AntiTrack expanded its capabilities to additional browsers and countries and we launched our privacy monitoring assistance, or PMA solution into retail channel for the first time.  In the identity pillar, we continued our international expansion and launched our ID Advisor Plus offering to more European countries, including Germany and France. We have also launched several new enhancements to the U.S. LifeLock experience, including guided child credit fees. We also launched e-mail gradient with Avast, a new feature capable of filtering malicious e-mails with no endpoints present independent of Avast used.  The new online safety score provides regular feedback on the user's digital habits and personalized tips to help them take charge of their online safety. Finally, we are also very pleased by the performance of the Avast security engine which scored top marks in leading independent tests. Overall, the Avast team brings a lot of technology know-how and an innovation mindset around human-centric Cyber Safety which makes our combination even richer for consumers.  Expanding our ability to reach customers is equally important. Gen is now a house of brands with diversified set of sales channels and a business model that spans from freemium to premium. Direct-to-consumer business remains the main channel for us today. Despite macroeconomic pressure that showed in global e-commerce traffic through the quarter, we're able to grow bookings 3% in our direct-to-consumer business. We strategically deployed our marketing spend, focusing on higher ARPU versus customer counts. We believe that this is the right way to deploy our marketing spend in this current environment and we will continue to adapt to deliver the most efficient and highest returns on our investment.  On the partner side, we continue to expand geographically, delivering another double-digit growth quarter. Our value proposition of complete Cyber Safety, including security, identity and privacy protection is taking root. As an example, we're excited to have launched our identity offering for a large British telco provider expanding our effort of identity protection for the U.K. market and replicating the success we have had in Canada.  As Gen, we have expanded our customer universe but that is a small step towards our mission to protect and empower every one of the 5 billion global Internet users. Today, we have over 500 million total users, including paid and free customers. One layer down, we have a new classification of paid Cyber Safety, towing about 65 million customers that is made up roughly of 39 million paid direct customers and over 25 million paid customers from our partner business.  And while our direct customers count declined by roughly 60,000 quarter-over-quarter on the NortonLifeLock side and 190,000 on the Avast side, our short-term focus and opportunity coming out of the acquisition is to work on the increasing -- on increasing the value for millions of our customers and consequently their satisfaction and retention rate.  While paid direct customer count is an important metric, it is also important to highlight that we have multiple levers to drive booking growth in more diversified ways such as growing in ARPU with the opportunity of cross-selling new products, growing in memberships, offering a platform approach to Cyber Safety and growing in retention rates, especially on the Avast side, supported by our best-in-class support and services organization.  Post-acquisition, we have about 2/3 of our customers that benefit mainly from a broadly defined security offering. As a result of the acquisition, our aggregated monthly ARPU is now $7 per customer. And we have -- as we have done before, we believe we have the opportunity to demonstrate the need for a comprehensive Cyber Safety approach, including cross-selling identity and privacy solutions from a richer portfolio and increase ARPU over time.  As I mentioned, our platform strength continues to be a cornerstone of our strategy. We have over 14 million members with a membership plan for Norton 360, Avast One or Avira Prime. This represent approximately 35% of our direct customers and believe we have the opportunity to bring that ratio to over 50% over time as we did it at NortonLifeLock over the last 2 years. We have observed higher utilization, higher satisfaction and better retention for our customers that have subscribed to a membership and now benefits from our broad portfolio.  Customer satisfaction is a very important metric at Gen. It is supported by consumer-centric approach to our innovation and the largest service organization in consumer Cyber Safety. As a result, our NortonLifeLock Direct customer renewed their membership at a retention rate of 85% plus. When including our Avast customer base and mobile customers, our aggregate retention rate is now 75%. This is an opportunity to cross-pollinate our operational know-how and offer a rich portfolio supporting by a global service organization to all of our 65 million customers whether direct or through partners. We see this as an opportunity to increase our 75% retention rate over the next 2 years.  In addition to our integration work, we have clean line of sight and priorities for our growth and operational initiatives. Taking into consideration what I just mentioned, we have identified $200 million of potential revenue synergies that should lead to growing ARPU and growing retention rates over the next 2 years. We have channel diversification initiatives focused on partnerships and new segments such as the Avast platform for small businesses. And we will prioritize the effectiveness of our marketing spend on bookings growth over direct customer count.  These revenue opportunities, combined with over $300 million of cost synergies should deliver tremendous value and create room to invest for the long-term opportunity. So as we look to the future, the current and potentially a recessionary economy does put downward pressure on some part of our business but we also see this as an opportunity and a catalyst for us. I am confident with our high recurring revenue model, coupled with our operational discipline that our business will remain durable and flexible to navigate the short-term challenging environment.  At the end, we know that the need for comprehensive Cyber Safety and Digital Freedom is a secular growth trend and we are the leader.  And now let me turn the call over to Natalie to cover our results and new reporting details. Natalie?
Natalie Derse: Thank you, Vincent and hello, everyone. It's a very exciting time for our company. We are thrilled to bring the Avast and NortonLifeLock businesses together and move forward as Gen. Our team is highly motivated to get started and bring our vast opportunities to market. For today's discussion, I will walk you through our Q2 results, outlook for Q3 and wrap up with details on our long-term model. I will focus on non-GAAP financials and year-over-year growth rates, unless otherwise stated. A reminder that our reported results also include a partial quarter of Avast which was acquired on September 12, 2022.  Before we dive into the results, I would like to share how we evaluate and measure business performance as Gen. Gen is centered on Cyber Safety. Our product portfolio is split by consumer security, identity and information protection and our go-to-market omnichannel business lines are split by direct and partners.  Direct makes up about 90% of our business with subscriptions sold directly through our e-commerce sites or third-party app stores. We have further harmonized our direct channel definitions and aligned to industry standards now including NortonLifeLock mobile app store customers and revenue in this category. Although partners only account for approximately 10% of our combined business, this channel remains an investment area for us as we further diversify our distribution models to provide multiple entry points for the consumer, including employee benefits, retailers, OEMs, telcos, service providers and small businesses.  With the combined focus on Cyber Safety and go-forward portfolio identified through the integration with the Avast, we have also carved out a legacy category which includes end-of-life products or accident markets. In total, this makes up less than 3% of our overall revenue base and we expect it to phase out over the next few quarters. Going forward, our discussions will be focused on Cyber Safety growth. For more details on our reporting structure, I'd like to point you to Slide 13 in our earnings presentation. Now on to our Q2 results. Q2 results reflect our consistent execution and focus on driving long-term sustainable growth. Q2 is our 13th consecutive quarter of bookings growth, supported by a healthy and robust customer base and strong unit economics. Q2 bookings grew 11% in constant currency and was in line with our expectations. Excluding Avast, Cyber Safety bookings grew 5% in constant currency as we drove increased value through cross-sells in the Norton customer base and our key partner channels continue to scale, including identity-driven partnerships with international telcos and employee benefit partners in the U.S.  Q2 non-GAAP reported revenue was $748 million, up 12% in constant currency and up 8% in USD. This includes a partial quarter of Avast which contributed $48 million or 7 points of growth in constant currency. Similar to prior quarters, our top line growth includes an unfavorable impact of 4 points as a result of increased foreign exchange headwinds of over $30 million year-over-year. We expect this currency headwind to continue with both the euro and yen depreciating further against the U.S. dollar in recent weeks. Despite volatile macroeconomic impacts, our Cyber Safety revenue, excluding Avast, continues to grow mid-single digits in constant currency, in line with expectations and, again, a reflection of our focused and consistent execution.  Stepping through our other key operating metrics. Direct revenue of $660 million grew 11% in constant currency and 7% in USD supported by cross-sell and other monetization initiatives with our existing customer base. Direct customer count went from $23.3 million reported at the end of Q1 as NortonLifeLock to $38.6 million at the end of Q2 as Gen, including approximately 15 million Cyber Safety customers from Avast.  Quarterly performance implied a combined decline of $252,000 quarter-over-quarter with $62,000 from NortonLifeLock and $190,000 from Avast. Both companies saw continued headwinds from lower global website traffic to our e-commerce site, impacting new online customer acquisition. But together with Avast, we now have an even larger opportunity to leverage our go-to-market efforts and further optimize our marketing investment across brands and SEO to drive up traffic and conversion. Q2 direct monthly average revenue per user, or ARPU, was USD 6.98 which reflects a blended ARPU of NortonLifeLock and Avast combined with a vast ARPU of approximately $4.30 and mobile ARPU of approximately $2.50. Specifically for NortonLifeLock results, ARPU expanded over $0.30 year-over-year adjusted for FX.  We are proud of the progress we've made in the last year, increasing the value provided to our existing customers through our cross-sell and upsell efforts and are excited to drive similar improvements with the Avast customer base. Our customer base remains loyal with NortonLifeLock retention stable at 85% exiting Q2. As we merge with Avast, our overall customer retention rate moves from 85% to 75% blended. We believe the 20-point retention differential between NortonLifeLock and Avast presents a large synergy opportunity to drive growth with our existing customer base. I will expand on this more as we discuss revenue synergies shortly. For further details on our performance metrics, please refer to Slide 14 in the earnings deck.  Moving on to partners. Partner revenue was $74 million, up 21% in constant currency and 16% in USD, impacted by 5 points of FX headwind. This is our eighth consecutive quarter of double-digit revenue growth in partners as we leverage this channel to extend our reach to consumers and broaden our product and geo expansion efforts. We will continue to invest in this omnichannel strategy, specifically in telco and retail partnerships that drive distribution of our expanded portfolio offerings, employee benefits were Cyber Safety and identity protection is essential to the employees' lives and through small businesses where entrepreneurs can scale their businesses with peace of mind knowing they are digitally protected. Partners will remain a key cornerstone of our investments going forward.  Turning to profitability. Q2 operating income was $388 million, up 7% year-over-year with partial results from Avast. We continue to run G&A lean at roughly 4% of revenue which provides the operating leverage to invest in sales and marketing and R&D. We remain disciplined in our cost structure with margins flat year-over-year.  Looking ahead as Gen, we will strike the right balance on investments across our expanded portfolio and channels and will be intentional on how we spend in order to drive the highest returns across the markets, channels and customers we serve. Q2 net income was $269 million, up 5% compared to last year. Diluted EPS was $0.45 for the quarter, up 5% year-over-year or 12% in constant currency, including $0.03 of currency headwind. Please note that this reflects partial dilution from the $94 million of Avast share issuance and higher cost of our debt. And our non-GAAP tax rate estimate was 23% which represents a blended rate before any tax restructuring efforts.  Turning to our cash flow and balance sheet. Q2 operating cash flow was a use of cash of $88 million and CapEx was consistent at $2 million in the quarter. Seasonally, Q2 operating cash flow is the lowest quarter of the year due to the concentration of tax payments. This quarter also includes approximately $110 million of cash payments tied to the closing of the Avast deal and related financing transactions. Looking ahead, we have high confidence in our cash flow generation which will continue to grow with profitability.  Year-to-date, we have returned over $550 million back to shareholders in the form of both buybacks and dividends. We deployed a total of $404 million towards share repurchases or over 17 million shares in the first half of this fiscal year and have approximately $1.4 billion remaining in our current buyback program.  In Q2, we repurchased $104 million or 5 million shares. We also paid $73 million to shareholders in the form of our quarterly dividend of $0.125 per common share. For Q3, the Board of Directors approved a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.125 per common share to be paid on December 14, 2022, for all shareholders of record as of the close of business on November 21, 2022.  Moving to our capital structure. We had a lot of activity in Q2 related to the Avast acquisition and maturities that came due during the quarter. We now have a capital structure in place that we believe sets us up well for the long term. Our debt maturities have been extended and staggered through fiscal year 2031 with no near-term maturities due until April of 2025. We remain well positioned with $2.6 billion in liquidity and our gross leverage is 4.4x with net leverage just under 4x. You can refer to Slide 31 in the earnings deck for more details on our go-forward capital structure.  Looking ahead, Gen as a combined business has predictable and highly ratable revenue, generates significant free cash flow on an annual basis and is backed by a strong liquidity position. We will drive a balanced and disciplined capital allocation approach between targeted deleveraging and opportunistic share buybacks. We feel good about where we are at and we will continue to evaluate and assess our overall debt needs and leverage profile in this ever-changing environment.  Now an update on the Avast integration and expected synergies. We're pleased to report that our pre-integration planning and actions we've taken to date have successfully accelerated our integration time line from 24 months to 18 months. This is a big undertaking and we are aggressively going after this. Our integration efforts are well underway with day 1 of integration officially kicked off a week ago on November 1 and I'm pleased to share with you today that we are increasing our annual gross cost synergy estimate to over $300 million.  In terms of phasing, we intend to exit fiscal year 2023 with 50% of the $300 million annual run rate achieved and exit the first half of our next fiscal year with 70% achieved. 100% completion exiting fiscal year 2024. We expect the post-synergy structure with gross margins of over 88% and OpEx reduced from approximately 35% of revenue today to 28% to 30%. This translates to an operating margin framework of approximately 60% and any leverage we drive above that creates flexibility to drive even more growth and portfolio diversification.  With the addition of Avast, our complementary strengths provide increased levers to drive top line growth across the combined $500 million existing user base. We have identified approximately $200 million in revenue synergies over the next 2 years. Opportunities include Avast retention improvement, increased cross-sell and upsell, leveraging an expanded product portfolio and marketing spend optimization across brands, just to name a few. Achieving these synergies will help strengthen our mid-single-digit growth rate. We expect traction with revenue synergies to be measured directly through ARPU and retention improvements over the coming quarters to support our bookings and top line growth expectations. Now turning to our Q3 outlook. For Q3, we expect non-GAAP revenue in the range of $925 million to $940 million which reflects the first full quarter of contribution from Avast and reflects Cyber Safety mid-single-digit bookings growth. This also includes approximately $40 million of headwinds from FX. We expect Q3 non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $0.42 to $0.45 per share. This reflects the first quarter dilutive impact from Avast. But please note, we expect Avast to be accretive in the first 12 months.  Based on the continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar quarter-to-date, we anticipate the currency headwinds to persist and the interest rate conditions to remain volatile. But I want to emphasize that the underlying health of the business remains strong and durable. And given our high cash flow generation and strong liquidity, we are confident in our ability to navigate through the near-term challenges. Q3 is just the first step post-Avast towards our long-term objectives. Beyond Q3, we continue to remain focused on our long-term $3 EPS objective that we communicated during our last Investor Day. Given the meaningful macroeconomic changes since then and now that we have merged with Avast, we have looked at a revised path to achieve this. First, we recognize that the rising cost of debt and FX headwinds has created a $0.60 to $0.65 headwind. Beyond that, the building blocks and past remain largely the same as we've laid out previously at Investor Day as well as 15 months ago during the Avast deal announcement. The annual gross cost synergies of over $300 million, combined with the accretion from Avast profits, will create more capacity for reinvestment in a faster time line and will fund the diversification efforts and next Horizon Bet that helps solidify our growth targets.  We expect our business to grow at mid-single digits, supported by the revenue synergies I laid out above, the complementary strengths and increased levers as a combined company and the long-term secular importance of Cyber Safety. These growth drivers are centered on product innovation and new product introductions, expanding reach and distribution through our omnichannel strategy and expansion of our trust-based services. The focus remains on customer experience at the core.  Finally, we intend to use our capital to deliver incremental EPS with a disciplined approach of debt paydown and opportunistic share buyback ultimately offsetting the dilution from the Avast share issuance. This all ladders up to an annualized EPS of $3 as we exit fiscal year 2025 and in line with the time line we shared with you 18 months back. We are excited about these opportunities for growth and remain relentlessly focused on what we can control to achieve it. For more details, please refer to the whiteboard bridge in Slide 27 of the earnings presentation.  In summary, we remain committed to driving EPS expansion. We are focused on accelerated integration time line, on execution against our business opportunities and driving towards our long-term objectives. We have a very robust business model with a healthy customer base and we remain focused on expanding new customer acquisition through new channels and geos, driving more value for our existing customers as well as increasing engagement with new products and services. We will provide updates and increments as we work through integration in these next few quarters. As always, thank you for your time today and I will now turn the call back to the operator to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from the line of Saket Kalia with Barclays.
Saket Kalia: Okay, great. Congrats on closing Avast. Yes, Vincent, there's a lot to go through, particularly with Avast but then maybe we can start just with the organic Gen business, if you will, right? It was great to see the churn improve versus last quarter. The net churn, the 62,000 net churn metric. I think most of us were prepared for something worse even versus last quarter, just given the trend in PC shipments. Maybe the question for you is, what do you think drove that improvement from last quarter's result despite that trend in PCs?
Vincent Pilette: Yes. So I mean, as you guys know, we're not directly related to PCs. I think the PC is a good indicator of the pressure on the overall consumer spend and a lot of PC where bought and where onetime purchase during the COVID period, we obviously are more of a subscription business post device. People still spend time online, as you know. That is a growing metric. People still are exposed to risks in the digital world and that's also a growing scary metric. So the need for our product is still there. We said it for now 2 quarters that those macro level trends are impacting our global traffic and our ability to grow faster, our new customers coming from our direct marketing investments. But we continue to really foster their installed base, making sure we deliver the best value possible and it showed up into continued growing ARPU and high retention rates. Quarter in, quarter out, I don't think there is like something to conclude. We now have 39 direct million customers, 65 million total customers. And the trend would be -- although it's slightly negative, I would call them like flat plus or minus a percentage point. And I think you're going to continue to see that trend for probably a couple of quarters for as far as we can see. But we are really focusing on the opportunities we have within our current installed base and growing bookings through cross-pollination of all of the best practices both companies bring together.
Saket Kalia: Got it. That makes a lot of sense. Natalie, maybe for you. I mean, you said in the prepared remarks, just a really busy quarter for just the capital structure. I was wondering if you could just build on that and just talk about the delevering plan going forward. Obviously, a good amount of debt here to finance the acquisition. I think we said $0.40 to $0.45, just from the rising rate environment that eats into some of that EPS accretion. Maybe the question for you is, how do you think about your options here for delevering? Or maybe any other options to just generally control interest expense?
Natalie Derse: Yes. Saket, thanks for the question. So I would start with -- our capital allocation tenants are largely the same pre and post-Avast deal. I think the first and a very critical component of that is for us to get on to our annual free cash flow target of generating $1.5 billion. That's going to really bring to light the execution of the internal leadership team, really executing on all of these opportunities, both revenue and cost synergies and really generate that free cash flow. Beyond that, as a reminder, what we've said is our key tenants are we want to get -- we're going to stay committed to our dividend, so take -- put that aside. And then we're going to find the right balance across our leverage ratio and our opportunistic share buyback. Of course, with the Avast financing and with the dramatic shift in the rates and the debt environment, we're about 1 point higher on our net debt leverage than we expected. And we're obviously facing into that. It's not the only component of our capital allocation and I don't think we can look at deleveraging in isolation. If you looked at it in isolation, I mean, obviously, the cost of debt is about 3x what we thought it was going to be even, I don't know, call it, 7 to 9 months ago. But when you also take a look at the dilution that came with the deal. We've talked about the Avast share issuance. So we're facing into that. We're also facing into what the -- when you look at our share price and really think about opportunistic share buybacks, the balance is incredibly key. And I think it's not only a balance of 1 lever or the next, there's also a timing component to that, too. And so by no means is it easy to strike that right balance but we are super clear eyed about it and we're trying to find and find how we actually balance across all these different factors, especially as the dynamics change so rapidly in the market.
Saket Kalia: Yes, absolutely. Well said. If I can sneak in a last one and then I'll cede the floor. Vincent, maybe for you. The $200 million in revenue synergies was great to see. I think you touched on it a little bit just in terms of retention rates, in particular. But I was wondering if you could just go one little deeper just in terms of, the building blocks of the $200 million in synergies, any thoughts on time frame in terms of when you get there and kind of how you get comfortable with that $200 million in revenue?
Vincent Pilette: Yes, absolutely. And so we have about 6 initiatives identified. It's important to note that they are not dependent on new product innovations. It's really about leveraging the strength of both organizations to offer more value to our customers, retention rates supported by our service organization coming into this deal will hugely benefit on the Avast side. You know that they have pressure on the retention rate, about 65% and we've identified a set of operational initiatives here to move that up. Cross-selling identity and privacy more complete, comprehensive plan is an important one as well. Avast has a lot of focused technology and features and products. On the privacy side, we bring our identity protection expertise. And I think the cross-selling is the second one. The third one is really the move and upselling to the platform approach. I mentioned that about 60% of our customers had adopted before the acquisition, that platform view. We see higher satisfaction, higher usage. Avast has just launched Avast One. And I think now we're going to leverage that expertise to offer to the 15 million customers coming from Avast, the opportunity to benefit from it. And then you have a set of go-to-market efficiency improvements. One is the e-commerce side and the operational capabilities we have developed. We know we can benefit from rebalancing a very significant performance marketing budget across all lines and leveraging our freemium to premium scope of business model will be the fifth initiative. And the sixth one is expanding in a few various channels that we did not have, one of them being the very small and small businesses. So those are the 6 initiatives. We put them over 24 months. Make no mistakes. We are treating that as the priority day 1 immediately. We know we'll integrate, we know we'll deliver the cost synergies, obviously, driving value for our customers is our overall priority for us.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Matt Hedberg with RBC.
MattHedberg: Congrats from me as well on the deal. Vincent, for you. The 66% Avast retention certainly seems like an opportunity from the cost synergy or from the revenue synergy perspective, you talked about. I'm wondering how much of that is just due to European exposure versus something maybe structurally with Avast? Just sort of wondering like how quickly we could see that Avast retention look more like sort of let NortonLifeLock?
Vincent Pilette: Totally, let me break it down and timing, we can talk about it because I think timing is linked to the bucket but definitely at a very high level. If you separate, I would call it, there's a bucket of structural differences that you will never change. And I told you and all of you that the acquisition of Avira was a great warm up for us to understand how to manage freemium to premium business models and it gave us the confidence to merge with Avast and create this new foundation. We know it is definitely an enabler of our future growth. On that retention side, I would say there's a set of structural view such as our European business or premium business model or other things. And about, I would say, 1/3 to half would be structural. Now some of the structural things we can tackle them but back to timing, they will take longer. And then there is another set of operational differences. And that we know we've already brought to Avira and will bring to Avast in terms of improving retention, whether it's customer help service organizations, some of the feature insider product. I won't go too much into the details. But we know that we have at least 10 points here that are linked to our own operational execution. And that's what we, in the short term, are focused on. We said over 2 years because we'll do a lot of, obviously, testing and deployment. We'll be cautious on timing of revenue synergies. They always take longer but we'll accelerate the cost synergies to support the accretion on the bottom line. That's at the high level what the retention means.
MattHedberg: That's super, super great. That's super helpful. And then Natalie, it looks like apples-to-apples versus your revenue guide, it looks like kind of core NortonLifeLock was about $700 million which is a little below the low end of the range. I'm wondering how much of that was due to currency headwinds that transpired since your last guidance? In other words, what was the incremental currency headwind since you reported your Q1 results to revenue?
Natalie Derse: Yes, it was about 4 points of growth. It's definitely a pretty significant headwind that we've been facing into the last few quarters with the volatility.
Vincent Pilette: If I can complement to that answer. I would say, Matt. Matt, one sec. I would say that the growth -- you broke it down pretty well which is basically our core business is marching towards what we had said our guidance was and growing at mid-single digits. And we see these trends to continue. The difference, of course, are the macro level, currency being the number one factor hitting us.
MattHedberg: Yes, great. And I think you said 4 points of headwind. I don't know if that's a year-on-year perspective but do you know it was like a $5 million headwind incrementally, $10 million since last guidance? Just on kind of just -- I don't know if you have that figure or we can certainly circle back on a call back.
Natalie Derse: No, we have it. So we're facing into about $30 million of currency headwind. From a quarter-over-quarter perspective, it was about $3 million to $4 million. Worse.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Fiona Hynes with Morgan Stanley.
Fiona Hynes: Congrats on closing Avast. And I'm covering for Hamza. So I appreciate all of the color on the updated reporting structure that you walked through in the prepared remarks. I wanted to follow up a little bit on the partner channel. It looks like the sequential growth there was a little bit lighter this quarter, even including the $5 million of contribution from Avast. So wanted to get any updated commentary on what drove that performance in the quarter? And then kind of your view of the ability of the partner channel to contribute on a go-forward basis. Where do you see that overall mix and contribution of revenue growing over the midterm?
Vincent Pilette: And I'll take the first question. Natalie you can supplement. Definitely, in our partner business, I would continue to see that, as Natalie mentioned, an investment area. There's 4 or 5 key buckets from employee benefits to telco channels to now adding with Avast the SMB area. Now we had in our partner business in the past, as you know, also the mobile app direct customer which will move into the direct business. So that may influence a little bit. Quarter in and quarter out, I think that -- I wouldn't call it deceleration, you'll see up and down in that business, all outgrowing the direct business based on our investment profile.
Natalie Derse: Yes, I just would supplement that, right? So from a partner perspective, it's about 10% of our business. So we're going to continue to invest. We've seen strong quarters, very consistent double-digit rate of growth. It continues to help. It's more important in the expansion into different markets and different channels and different customer cohorts. That's the value that we really get out of it. Of course, double-digit rate of growth in our -- in 10% of our revenue isn't bad. That's helpful as well. It's a diversification channel for us.
Operator: At this time, there are no more questions. I will turn the call back to Vincent Pilette, CEO, for closing remarks.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you. So Gen's opportunity ahead is massive. Even with the near-term macro headwinds, we're still in early stages of long-term secular needs. And as we start this new chapter as Gen, let me recap how I feel. Our purpose is broad, meaningful and inspirational. The market is vast and full of opportunities. We are a house of trusted consumer brands. We have scale and a diversified go-to-market and we have great products, technology and technologists. And above all, we have a passionate and skilled team that thinks big and plays to win. So thank you for your support and I look forward to talking to you soon.
Operator: This concludes the conference call. Thank you.

===== 2023 Q1  (2022-08-04 18:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for standing by. My name is Matt and I will be your conference operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the NortonLifeLock Fiscal 2023 First Quarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded and all lines have been place on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. At this time for opening remarks, I would like to pass the call over to Ms. Mary Lai, Head of Investor Relations. Miss, you may begin. 
Mary Lai: Thank you, Matt, and hello, everyone. Welcome to the NortonLifeLock Fiscal 2023 first quarter earnings call. Joining me today to review our Q1 results are Vincent Pilette, CEO; and Natalie Derse, CFO. As a reminder, there will be a replay of this call posted on the IR website, along with our slides and press release. I'd like to remind everyone that during this call, all references to the financial metrics are non-GAAP and all growth rates are year-over-year, unless otherwise stated. A reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP measures is included in our press release, which is available on our IR website at investor.nortonlifelock.com. Today's call contains statements regarding our business, financial performance and operations, including the impact on our business, industry, that may be considered forward-looking statements and such statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations and speak only as of the current date. For more information, please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release and the risk factors in our filings with the SEC and in particular, our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal ended April 1, 2022. And now, I will turn the call over to our CEO. Vincent? 
Vincent Pilette: Thank you, Mary, and welcome, everyone, to our call. After a very lengthy process in the UK, we are pleased to have received provisional approval from the Competition and Markets Authority for the acquisition of Avast. Our hard work has paid off and we are excited to start the process of bringing the two companies together with a great purpose and mission of bringing digitalized protection and empowerment to everyone. As I have shared before, our two companies share a similar vision and both have common values and complementary strength. As soon as we can bring us together, we will get started on delivering all the benefits of our new company to consumers, shareholders and other stakeholders. Together, we will serve about 500 million users globally, sell premium products to consumers for more than $3.5 billion in revenue and have around 4,000 employees dedicated to the mission of protecting and empowering people to live their digital life safely. Advanced strength in privacy and NortonLifeLock's strength in identity, supported by our combined AI capabilities, creates a broad and complementary product portfolio beyond core security and towards adjacent trust-based solutions. On top of that, the merger will broaden our geographic diversification, increase our presence in multiple channels and also serve very small businesses. We will have the opportunity to empower millions of consumers around the world, with our complementary product portfolio and culture of innovation. And while the world is in a different place than when we started this journey over a year ago, one thing is for sure people want to continue to enjoy the advantages of a digital world without compromising their security, privacy and identity and our sole mission is to bring that and more to everyone. Our combined financial profile is substantially enhanced through increased scale, long-term growth potential, synergies, strong free cash flow generation, supported by a resilient balance sheet. As I mentioned, based on our last reported financials for both companies, we will scale our combined revenue to over $3.5 billion. And the combinations will unlock significant value creation to approximately $280 million of annual gross cost synergies and will give us the capacity to reinvest for innovation, partnerships and marketing to further accelerate our transformation. We will have created operating leverage of approximately 52% in blended operating margin that is pre-synergies, delivering approximately $1.5 billion of annual free cash flow, also pre-synergies. The combination is another value creation enabler, as we march towards our long-term objective of $3 in EPS. We look forward to reaching with Avast and restarting the integration planning activities. Once the transaction is closed, we will be able to share more details on the combined business and its financial model. So in terms of what's next, we will continue to work closely as quickly as possible after the CMA publishes its final approval, which is currently expected to be in early September subject to change. Based on what we know today, we anticipate the closing date of the merger, is expected to be between mid-September and sometimes in early October. So with that, let me say a few words on our Q1 results. While we observed weaker consumer sentiment, and inflationary pressure impacting the consumer discretionary spend, we are proud to deliver our 12th consecutive quarter of bookings growth, with Q1 bookings up 5% in constant currency and revenue up 6%. The quarter's performance tracked in line with our mid-single-digit bookings growth projection, for fiscal year 2023, which I view as a demonstration of the stability that our business operating levers, provide in a challenging environment. Our direct revenue grew 5% in constant currency, on top of another strong COVID-led double-digit growth quarter a year ago. In this new environment, our focus has been on balanced performance across a set of very healthy customer metrics. Total customer count was stable at over 23.3 million, up 200,000 year-over-year but down 200,000 sequentially. Throughout the quarter, we saw the impact of the macro level headwinds in our direct-to-consumer website global traffic, slightly offset by solid conversion rates. While these headwinds have limited our ability to grow customer count this quarter at the pace we aspire to, it's important to highlight that our overall customer base is healthy, with stable retention rates, stable ARPU and opportunity to continue to drive cross-sell upsell, as we launch new products. Our retention rate remained very strong at slightly over 85% in unit. Customer cohorts who joined during the so-called COVID period, have retention rates at par with prior years. And through our operational initiatives, we continue to make progress in first year renewal rates. Our efforts have led to happier customers supported by products, that are easier to download and easier to use. Since we became a dedicated consumer cyber safety company, we have grown our direct customer base by approximately three million to reach over 23 million customers, and at the same time improved our retention rate, by almost a point during the period. Another set of activities we are focused on, is delivering more value to more customers in our partner business.  In this set of indirect channels, we delivered double-digit revenue growth for the seventh straight quarter up 16% in constant currency, in this first quarter of fiscal year 2023. We had very healthy bookings in Q1, including double-digit bookings growth in both mobile and employee benefit channels, channels in which we added approximately 200,000 customers year-over-year and stayed flat sequentially. As we continue to build a more global and more diversified go-to-market model, we look forward to combining with Avast, which will allow us to accelerate our strategy of expanding identity and privacy solutions across the globe. A year ago, we stated that we would transform our company by building a richer product portfolio, and we have continued to work towards that.  We are off to a good start in fiscal year Q1, for the -- on the product side. In Q1, we have made good inroads from our recent launch of the Norton Identity Advisor Plus, for the UK market and we've expanded the product's availability to Australia, New Zealand and Germany. This is yet another example of our international expansion efforts, bolstering our identity capabilities. We also continue to earn positive product reviews from important technology reviewers. Just last month, we were awarded PC Magazine number one Identity Theft Protection software, for 2022. Specifically this was Norton 360 with LifeLock product, awarded to provide the best overall identity protection in the industry. This is just one of the many times, we have been recognized for our overall product innovation and development efforts. We continuously assess and prioritize our product road map, and we know we still have big opportunity to expand our product portfolio especially in areas beyond core security. But above all, what guides us is our focus on providing quality and value in our products. It is about a seamless end-to-end customer experience, and comprehensive protection while making it simpler for consumers to engage with us and stay safe. Cyber safety will continue to be an evolving and growing market, fueled by the increase in activities online, which brings more risk and challenges to consumers' digital lives. With the merger with Avast together, we are well positioned to drive the transformation of consumer cyber safety and pursue our long-term objective, while being financially resilient in any environment that comes ahead of us. And with that let me turn the call to Natalie to cover our results in more detail. 
Natalie Derse: Thank you, Vincent and hello everyone. For today's discussion I will start with Avast update followed by our Q1 performance details and our outlook for Q2 fiscal year 2023. I will focus on non-GAAP financials and year-over-year growth rates, unless otherwise stated. I'd like to echo Vincent's excitement about the merger with Avast. We're thrilled to have this positive outcome and look forward to closing the acquisition.  We will immediately restart our pre-integration planning efforts as we prepare to scale the combined company and work to achieve the $280 million of annual gross cost synergies. Let me give you a quick refresher on the transaction financing done in conjunction with the merger which we successfully raised earlier this year. In total our financing package is comprised of $7.6 billion of Term Loan A and Term Loan B at spreads of 1.5% to 2% plus $1.5 billion revolving credit facility. This will replace our existing $1.7 billion Term Loan A facility and $1 billion revolver. While the interest rate environment has changed since we first announced the merger last year, we still feel good about the rates we were able to lock in. The acquisition financing will become funded at deal close. Once the deal is closed we will share more information on our long-term model and the timing of our $3 EPS objective.  Now on to our Q1 results. Q1 was a good start to our fiscal year 2023 especially considering the macroeconomic pressures and volatile FX environment. Our business is resilient. Our customer base is healthy and we continue to execute with discipline. Our Q1 revenue was $708 million, up 6% in constant currency and up 2% in USD including a 4-point currency headwind translating to a revenue headwind of $27 million year-over-year. Similar to last quarter we saw continued currency volatility with both the euro and yen depreciating further against the US dollar reaching 20-year lows. It is the third straight quarter in which currency has been several points of headwind to our top line growth. We anticipate these headwinds will remain for a full year of compares as we plan the business at today's exchange rate with euro and USD near parity and a weaker yen. Despite these macro headwinds, we remain focused on execution against our business opportunities in driving towards our long-term objectives. Q1 bookings grew 5% in constant currency on top of a 10% constant currency bookings growth in Q1 last year and in-line with our full year projection of mid-single-digit rate of growth. We've launched new identity solutions and we've seen an increase in both geographic reach and adoption. Our expansion efforts are working as Q1 was our sixth straight quarter of high single-digit rate of growth in our identity and privacy products. Our direct revenue grew 5% in constant currency and 1% in USD impacted by 4 points of FX headwinds.  Looking across our other key operating metrics. Q1 direct customer count grew by approximately 200000 year-over-year, but declined by approximately 200,000 quarter-over-quarter as we saw headwinds in select markets. Overall customer unit retention remained stable above 85% and we continue to drive incremental improvements to key cohorts including our newer customers. Our monthly average revenue per user or ARPU was $8.82. However, adjusted for FX, ARPU expanded nearly $0.30 year-over-year and expanded $0.07 sequentially, an indication of our successful cross-sell efforts. We have a very healthy resilient customer base and we remain focused on driving new customer acquisitions retaining our existing customers, as well as increasing engagement with new products and services. Turning to our partner business. Partner revenue was up 16% year-over-year in constant currency up 10% in USD and marks the seventh consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. We see traction with our identity expansion efforts through partners driving strong growth in our employee benefits channel and scaling key international partnerships like TELUS. Diversification and expansion of our go-to-market channel is a key growth tenet in our long-term plan and we will continue to invest in these areas.  Turning to profitability, in Q1 we achieved gross margin of 86% roughly flat year-on-year, while at the same time expanding and adding more features to our product offerings. Our operating margin for the quarter was 54% up 250 basis points year-over-year driven by both our revenue growth and our cost discipline with overall spend down 3% year-over-year. As you've heard me say before, we are intentional with our investments and how we fund our business to drive future growth. Our G&A functions remain lean with spend at less than 4% of revenue for the second quarter in a row. With regards to R&D we continue to be disciplined and invest in new product development and innovation. With our marketing dollars we strive to balance across the portfolio and across channels. With intentional customer acquisition targeting while, focusing on long-term sustainable growth. We will continue to be disciplined with our cost structure across all functional areas as we operate in this increasingly challenging environment. Q1 net income was $265 million up 7% compared to last year. Diluted EPS was $0.45 for the quarter up 7% year-over-year, including $0.03 of currency headwinds and above based high-end of our guidance range. Adjusting for the impact of currency EPS grew more than twice the rate of revenue at 14% year-over-year. We remain committed to driving EPS expansion and achieving our long-term EPS objective of $3. Turning to our cash flow and balance sheet, Q1 operating cash flow was $215 million and free cash flow was $213 million. In Q1 we returned nearly $400 million back to shareholders. We repurchased $300 million or 12 million shares in buybacks in the quarter, and now have approximately $1.5 billion remaining in the current share buyback program. We paid approximately $73 million to shareholders in the form of a regular quarterly dividend of $0.125 per common share. For Q2 the Board of Directors has approved a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.125 per common share to be paid on September 14th 2022 for all shareholders of record as of the close of business on August 22nd 2022, as described in the press release. Separate from the transaction financing I discussed earlier our net debt leverage was approximately 1.4 times in the quarter. We settled in cash our $400 million senior unsecured notes that matured in June. We also plan to settle in cash our 2% senior convertible note due in the middle of August and that cash settlement will hit our cash flow in fiscal Q2. As we all know the debt environment has been volatile and rapidly changing we will continue to assess our overall debt needs and leverage profile. Given our high cash flow generation and strong levels of liquidity we are confident in our ability to manage through this environment accordingly. Now turning to our Q2 outlook. Based on the continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar quarter-to-date we anticipate an even larger currency headwind. But I want to emphasize that the underlying health of our business remains strong. For Q2 we expect non-GAAP revenue in the range of $695 million to $705 million which translates to mid-single-digit rate of growth year-over-year in constant currency and reflects a projected FX headwind of four-plus points of growth or approximately $30 million. We expect Q2 non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $0.44 to $0.46 per share which reflects $0.03 of headwind year-over-year. Our Q2 guidance assumes the Avast deal closes in early October 2022. For fiscal year 2023 we continue to expect bookings growth to be in similar ranges of mid-single digits in constant currency. Considering the close timing of the Avast merger we will not be providing an annual guidance at this time. We plan to provide more details on our overall financial model when we close the transaction. As always thank you for your time today. And I will now turn the call back to the operator to take your questions, Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question is from the line of Saket Kalia with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Vincent Pilette: Hey, Saket.
Saket Kalia: Hey, guys. Hey, Vincent. Hey Natalie. Thanks for taking my questions here and congrats on the news from CMA. Vincent maybe before we talk about Avast, I was wondering if you could just touch on some of the dynamics between your partner business and the direct business. It just feels like there's been a little bit of a shift between those two routes to market. And so maybe the question is, is that intentional? And can you just walk us through what's happening there especially given the decline -- the sequential decline in direct subs this quarter?
Vincent Pilette: Yes. So definitely, as you know, we have been investing in our partner channels. We've been saying that now for many, many quarters. It represents about -- slightly above 10% of our overall business and we believe that there is more opportunities to go to other channels and/or to partner with other solution providers to provide a combined solution to consumers. I mentioned the two channels we like. Of course, it's the mobile channel. Some of our competitors have moved that channel into a direct. It basically goes through app stores, and it's not in our direct business today because of the billing definition, doesn't go to us directly. But to be honest with you, the consumers gets on our platform and we have direct access to them and communicate and provide value. So, that has been growing. We're seeing definitely a shift towards mobile users. A few quarters ago, we crossed the Norton 360 platform to be the majority of the product sold on mobile, which is a very good sign. And you'll see us continue to move up in that channel good momentum. The second one is employee benefit. It goes through employers that offer to their employee full protection in the cyber world, identity protection privacy and device security. There too, we have the direct engagement with the customers on our LifeLock platform but the payment goes to the payroll of the company that supports that. We believe we have more to go in mid-market. We continue to invest in our direct sales partnering with the broker to penetrate that. And you'll see continued growth and focus both on the product marketing development side as well as the channel side. So, those are the direct engaged customers in our partner business then we have another set of channels that go and combine with other provider of other solutions to provide a full package. So, here like for example, the partnership with TELUS in Canada to bring cyber safety along with the TELUS solutions to Canadians has a very strong momentum. And you'll see us continue to expand. Travis Witteveen, who was the CEO of Avira, ton of experience in the environment, has become our customer acquisition chief, if you want, a few quarters ago and he's developing his team. And along with his team, they're definitely building up the funnel of new opportunities. So, you'll see us continue to invest in that. I do want to say a few words on the direct business. The direct business you mentioned the sequential slight decline and you're right on that. The metrics are very healthy. Retention rates have been very strong across all cohorts. We said a year ago, we would improve the first year retention rate and we have by a few points. Over the last 24 months, we've increased overall retention by a little more than 70 basis points. And so you see continued operational initiatives, whether it's on how the product is being downloaded, how it's being used, how the value is demonstrated to the customers, that improve customer satisfaction and then overall retention. So focus on that healthy set of customers. The gap or disappointment, if you want for the quarter, is really related to the macro level headwinds that we saw with lower traffic or global traffic on that cyber safety website, if you want. Conversion rates still holding well, but it's about the traffic. It was volatile. There were pockets of weaknesses, other pocket of areas where we continue to invest, because we're here for the long-term. And as we navigate through the volatile environment, we know we provide a product that will be needed in an area that has structural growth.
Saket Kalia: Got it. Got it. That's very helpful. Natalie, maybe for you. The operating margin here continues to really outperform and be higher than expected. Can you just talk about how you're balancing investing in new customer acquisition versus managing for profitability? How do you think about that?
Natalie Derse: Yes. Hi, Saket. Thanks for the question. Yes, operating margin of 54% now for two quarters and up 250 basis points year-over-year. We're proud of that. That points to what a healthy business model we have and combined with our team's commitment to operate in a disciplined manner. New acquisition is absolutely a key tenet of our overall growth strategy. We've been clear about that. But it's not the only one. We have multiple levers to help drive our growth and it's not growth at all costs and that's where the balance comes in. We've continued to invest in customer acquisition marketing. You can see that. We talked about we spent a lot of time focused on that both through our direct channels and now as well even more so in our partner channels. We're committed to the growth focus approach when it comes to sales and marketing. And honestly, we recognize what a competitive industry we operate in and that consumers have choice and we need to work really, really hard to win that choice. But in addition to investing in marketing where we've been investing more and more is in product. We've launched some really cool several new offerings. We continue to diversify the go-to-market channels. We continue to invest in our customer service offering. And I think from that combination of investment that's where that ARPU growth is really coming from both year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter and it allows us to sustain and scale our unit retention of 85%-plus both proof points of healthy acquisition that we've seen over the last 10 months -- 10 quarters excuse me. That combined with we stay committed to operating G&A as lean as possible the last two quarters being less than 4% of our revenue obviously provides us a lot of leverage for reinvestment. So as we navigate forward we'll continue to balance the growth and profit both are important. I don't think we have to pick. I'm confident we'll find a way to strike that right balance through that -- the disciplined approach that we've applied for now since we've stood up NortonLifeLock. And above and beyond all that we're just very, very excited about the additional opportunities we have as we combine with Avast. 
Saket Kalia: Got it. Got it. That makes a lot of sense. If I can squeeze a third one in. Vincent maybe for you. We can't go on without asking a question on Avast. And I know that we can't talk too much about specifics until the deal is closed. But maybe philosophically as you've gotten to know Avast's business more and study this market more, I guess how do you think about potential revenue synergies with the combination of NLock and Avast? I mean, certainly you're clear about the expense side. Just as you spend more and more time with really both companies how do you think about the revenue synergies between the two? 
Vincent Pilette: Yes. Well, thanks for your question. I would be very disappointed not to have a question on Avast. I think this is a very, very exciting news. Talked to Andre yesterday. I know the Avast team is also super excited about coming together. And we know we are about to create the foundation of an even stronger company with a very broad mission of that digital freedom for digital lives. We discussed that a few quarters ago, but when we made the acquisition model or the transaction model we based the merit of this transaction on cost synergies overlapping activities to the tune of $280 million that I've talked about. And we wanted to have the value of that transaction to be based on that. We also said we would reinvest a portion to accelerate the top-line growth or transform the profile of our revenue. We did not include in our acquisition model revenue synergies for many reasons, but certainly not the reason that it will be our priority number one as soon as we close. We see the opportunity. And I see three buckets of opportunities if you want conceptually without giving any numbers. The first one is on the retention side. NortonLifeLock has developed a set of capabilities and operations and experience that drive high NPS and retain at 85% in unit. That equivalent number is 68% in Avast at least in the last reported numbers. And we know that we can bring a lot of the practices and the approaches as we bring a stronger portfolio to the consumers to improve that retention rate. There may be some mix differences by geography or product mix. But even when we compare during due diligence number we know we have opportunities there. So that's bucket number one. The second one is the cross-sell upsell capabilities. We've just introduced those capabilities in NortonLifeLock about 1.5 years ago. And we know Avast has been developing the entire business model on that, offering a basic product for free. And then delivering, showing demonstrating more value to the consumers to a point where the customer is ready to pay for that value and then growing that value offered to the consumers. We look forward for Avast to bring those operational skill sets if you want into our overall combined company, while we bolster a richer portfolio. So Identity, a Lifelock equivalent services that we started to expand internationally will be offered to Avast customers as an example. And Avast has had a focus more on privacy. When you combine the two, it will be a very rich portfolio to cross-sell and deliver more value to consumer. That's the second set of revenue synergies. And then the third one is across the complementarity of the geographical footprint whether it's US versus international from our standpoint, for their standpoint Europe versus the rest of the world. But even then they were more about emerging markets we're more about Western markets. And so I see a lot of complementarity as we bring a richer company together. Locally, we can accelerate our penetration including in the VSB or very small and small business area where Avast has already a small channel. And as you know we were not present yet some of those businesses have exactly the behavior of consumer. So the third bucket is around geographical footprint and expanding the channel as we come together. As soon as we close the acquisition, I can tell you -- we'll be -- the first task that we'll get started on that. And then as soon as we're ready and the deal is closed, we'll share more with investors what our long-term plan is in this area.
Saket Kalia: Okay, great. Looking forward to it. Thanks again.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. The next question is from the line of Matt Hedberg with RBC. Your line is now open.
Simran Biswal: Hey, everyone. This is Simran Biswal for Matt Hedberg. Thanks for taking our question. So we were just looking and thinking about the current macros and how security seems to be more resilient. So we were wondering, how you were thinking about the durability of these consumer security trends?
Vincent Pilette: Yeah. And when we talk about security we really talk about for us cyber safety, which is not only your device security but it's also the protection of your digital identities all the way to the restoration and insurance you could have when something is breached from your device or from any transaction that can be processed into the cloud. We know that cybercriminals continue to increase. I was reading a report earlier on that it was like up 7% in the first half just in Europe. And so we'll continue to see pressure from that. We know consumer penetration in terms of full protection is not yet at the level of other protection industries such as insurance industries or others. And so we have more room. We feel really good about the long-term structural growth opportunity that our markets offer and that together with Avast we will address and continue to expand. Now it does not mean, of course, that in the short-term, you still have volatility, you have inflationary pressures, you have consumer sentiment and people will look at some of those costs and may see this as a discretionary spend. So we definitely have pressure. We saw it in our global traffic this quarter. But at the same time we have a lot of levers to drive and deliver the value. 85% of the business is coming from the renewal base and one the consumer is in we've seen very stable retention rates through the last quarter. But frankly also as I studied the business when I came in two years ago, it was similar behavior in 2008 or 2009. So you see a lot of resilience into people who already know they need security on or in the digital world even though volatility may put pressure on new customer acquisition in the short-term.
Simran Biswal: Okay, yeah. Sounds great. And just a quick follow-up from the customer perspective. You mentioned really healthy customer metrics and cross-sell has been accelerating and great execution on that front. So how are you thinking about customer additions and up-sell in a more challenging macro over these next few quarters?
Vincent Pilette: Yeah. Thank you. Well, the good news once a customer is in and has a basic protection is that we can also make them aware of the moment of truth that we call insight, which is a moment at which you connect to the Internet when you are at a coffee shop or a moment you transfer data on the web and ensuring and monitor that you fully protect it. At which point in time, we can then raise the value to you of being fully protected versus partially protected. And so constant assessment and finding the right moment give us the opportunity to continue to cross-sell. We still have the vast majority of our customer and customer base to be in the first part of the lower value part of our total value curve if you want from basic device security all the way to like full protection. So we still have a lot of room to continue to educate and drive and demonstrate the value as the consumers move up the value chain. 
Simran Biswal: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for your question. The next question is from the line of Fiona Hynes with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Fiona Hynes: Hi, everyone. This is Fiona on for Hamza. Thank you for taking the question. It's sounding like from previous commentary on this call that going forward a big part of driving growth between Avast and NortonLifeLock is going to be the pairing of identity and privacy offerings. So I was wondering if you could give us some more tangible use cases of how consumers can use those like basically bundle those two different offerings together? And what's kind of your vision going forward for that cross-sell motion? Thank you.
Vincent Pilette : Yes. Yes. So we'll talk about cross-sell, upsell revenue synergies when the deal is closed. But conceptually it's all about completing the value of all of the use case you protect the consumer for and refining how you communicate in the app or on the platform all of the risk the consumer face is an important one. It's a fine balance too. You want to do it respectfully and demonstrating the value at the same time. We know that the entire identity protection or theft protection restorations and insurance is something Avast does not have and we can really offer, as we combine that with security. Avast started to move from security to privacy. They have BreachGuard other views. And so combining the product portfolio working on the integrated platform they have Avast One we have Norton 360, we'll have to figure that out. And then leaving product value that customer can step in once they have basic -- as I mentioned, most of our customers are in the basic platform have basic benefit to see how they move to the next one. The practices are about the same. At the end of the day as the product portfolio become richer it's all about the ease of use, ease of downloading how you use that. And we've made a lot of effort on our product to do that and expect us to continue as we come together. 
Fiona Hynes: Got it. Very helpful. Thank you. Maybe one more follow-up if I could another question touching on the macro. Obviously, we see there's some headwinds in the customer acquisition this quarter. I was curious for your review and your sense of how much of that is just traditional seasonality given it's the summer months and PC shipments are seasonally weaker around this time period? And how much of that is kind of, what you're seeing on the ground real time in terms of potentially moderating macro environment? Thank you.
Vincent Pilette: Yeah. No, definitely, we historically had a Q3 quarter, which is fiscal Q3 for us which is a December quarter being stronger more on the security side and April quarter our Q4 quarter being strong on the identity side linked to some events such as tax and other things. To be honest with you, over the last two years, whether it's because of COVID or other macro level as well as the fact that we more and more provide one combined value of full total protection we've seen less seasonality. But you're right that in the moderate seasonal effect, if you want the June quarter, would be a low quarter. So from that perspective, our expectation was in line to a lower seasonality. With that said we did see some headwinds what we call pocket of weaknesses, where we continue to invest at the same rate, because we know we're here for the long term and it's a portion of our investment that goes towards education, but we saw lower traffic. And so we're really monitoring and flipping across the set of channels we have here to try to improve the return on our marketing spend. Do you want to add anything Natalie?
Natalie Derse: Yeah I just think  we think about  even as a consumer you feel the macroeconomic environment you feel inflation, you feel pricing pressures. I would combine that, with some of the other markers that we see across the industry with PC shipments down now double digit not that we're entirely connected to that, but it's just another marker that shows us what's happening in our industry. And it just  it honestly fuels us. We've got to be much, much more intentional. We've got to be much, much more competitive in order to win over the customer choice that's available. And then we do through a disciplined approach, we spend so much time and effort making sure that those customers are  is highly engaged as possible. We provide great customer service, and we want to be fulfilling as much of that cyber safety need, as we possibly can. So that's where we spend most of our time.
Fiona Hynes: Got it. Very helpful. Thank you all for the time.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you.
Operator: At this time, there are no more questions. I will turn the call back to Vincent Pilette, CEO for closing remarks.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you, Matt. Before I close the call, I would like to take a moment to thank our NortonLifeLock team for contributing to our success each and every day. As you've heard me say before, we truly have an ambitious team dedicated to the mission of the business we're building. I would also like to say a few words on the upcoming changes on our Board of Directors. On behalf of the Board and the leadership team, I want to thank Ken Hao for his contributions to the company over the last six years, helping NortonLifeLock through the successful transition to a stand-alone consumer cyber safety company, and unlocking tremendous shareholder value. Ken has been a great board member and also a trusted partner to me as the first time CEO. We wish him well and I'm sure, we will stay in touch. We have been waiting for 12 months for the approval of our deal with Avast, and we are so ready to dive in. I talked to Andre yesterday, as I mentioned, and I know that the Avast team feels exactly the same way. The company is well positioned to deliver long-term value in pursuit of our vision. So, thank you for joining and for your continued support of our company and our team.
Operator: This concludes the conference call. Thank you.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-05-05 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for standing by. My name is Jeff and Ill be your conference operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the NortonLifeLock Fiscal 2022 Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. Todays call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks, I would like to pass the call over to Ms. Mary Lai, Head of Investor Relations. Miss, you may begin.
Mary Lai: Thank you, Jeff and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to the NortonLifeLock fiscal 2022 fourth quarter earnings call. Joining me today to review our Q4 and full year results are Vincent Pilette, CEO and Natalie Derse, CFO. As a reminder, there will be a replay of this call posted on the Investor Relations website, along with our slides and press release. Id like to remind everyone that during this call, all references to the final metrics are non-GAAP and all growth rates are year-over-year, unless otherwise stated. A recon of non-GAAP to GAAP measures is included in our press release, also available on our IR website at investor.nortonlifelock.com. Todays call contains statements regarding our business, financial performance, and operations, including the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our business and industry, which maybe considered forward-looking statements and such statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Those are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations and speak only as of the current date. For more information, please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release and the risk factors in our filings with the SEC and in particular, annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 2, 2021. And now, I will turn the call over to our CEO. Vincent?
Vincent Pilette: Thank you, Mary and welcome everyone. Before I start, I want to acknowledge the current geopolitical uncertainties the world is facing. Our hearts and support go out to those impacted, including friends, families and customers and of course, we hope for a quick and peaceful resolution. As we come together for this call, I also want to take a moment to thank each and every NortonLifeLock employee for doing their part to deliver the success we have had today. NortonLifeLocks third year of growth is the result of an ambitious team working to build a great business together. Cyber safety is more needed than ever. Our vision and strategy are clear and our culture of authenticity and action that we are building upon everyday gets me very excited about our future. Q4 is our tenth straight quarter of top line growth, with revenue and bookings of 8% and 6% respectively in constant currency. The quarters performance was particularly important as it lapped a strong COVID-led double-digit growth quarter a year ago and the anniversary of our Avira acquisition. Although slightly more pronounced in identity and privacy, our growth in Q4 was once again broad-based across products and regions as our customer needs are truly global. Our customer base is now 50% international as we continue to focus on developing our product offering to be available in over 150 countries. To reach new customers, we have continued our strategic investments in both direct and indirect channels. Total direct customers are now over $23.5 million, with nearly 600,000 net new customers added year-over-year and over 120,000 customers added sequentially. Our indirect or partner business delivered double-digit revenue growth for the sixth straight quarter, up 20% in Q4 and we added almost 100,000 customers sequentially in the employee benefits and mobile channels alone. We delivered these results while we expanded our Q4 operating margin ahead of the Advanced merger and grew EPS 15%. Natalie will go more into the Q4 financial details later on the call. With $2.8 billion in revenue, up over 10% year-on-year, fiscal 22 was the third consecutive year of bookings growth and customer expansion. It was made possible by our ongoing investments in product innovation and go-to-market activities, shaping up the portfolio and expanding into new ways to reach customers. Fiscal 22 was also an important year for us as it delivered great progress to our 3 to 5-year long-term objectives, one of which is delivering $3 in EPS. Less than 3 years ago, we launched the first integrated consumer cyber safety platform, Norton 360. And now, we have over 14 million members, trusting us to protect them more comprehensively. Our Norton 360 has unparalleled scale and reach in over 50 countries today and growing. Our customers recognize the value we provide, which is also supported by our strong retention rate of over 85% and annual ARPU of $107 as we exited fiscal year 2022. We still have plenty of work and room to educate more of our customer cohorts on the need for more comprehensive cyber protection, which is an integral part of our growth strategy moving forward. So, let me provide some more details on our organic strategic areas that supported fiscal year 22 results and will continue to be key to our strategy moving forward into next year. First, with products, we maintained our accelerated pace of product innovation and introduced more than 10 new products and features this year, broadening our product line to incremental privacy and identity solutions. Just to name a few, Norton AntiTrack, My Privacy Assistant, social media monitoring and the expansion of social monitoring to 16 additional countries in the fiscal year. In the areas of identity and privacy, we continue to step up our international efforts, expanding our product portfolio into new countries. In Q4, we launched Norton Identity Advisor Plus in the UK to help consumers resolve their identity theft issues. It is a robust identity monitoring solution that also provides access to a dedicated identity restoration specialist to a victim of identity theft. In Germany, we launched Avira Identity Assistant, which includes both dark web monitoring and localized support from identity restoration specialists. Moving forward, we still have a big opportunity to expand our product portfolio internationally, especially in the areas beyond core security. The second area of investment is our go-to-market. In the last 12 months, our initiatives evolve rapidly as we adapted to changing environments and customers behaviors and expectations. In our direct-to-consumer business, we balance social and traditional long and short form of marketing activities. During the year, we continued to increase our investment in top of the funnel and performance marketing. While we faced higher advertising costs, we continue to believe we have plenty of room to increase our effectiveness and returns on our investments as we operate well within our target range for customer acquisition costs. That is particularly true as we continue to increase the value and retention along the customer journey towards total cyber safety. Our partner business continues to outperform expectations with a record 23% revenue growth in fiscal 22. This is the result of growing indirect customers and signing up new accounts in our telco, mobile and employee benefit channels, providing us with solid momentum into fiscal year 23. Our partnership with TELUS in Canada, which was our first offering of identity theft protection and restoration services outside the United States, has begun to bear fruit. We have also gained meaningful market share in Japan with our dark web monitoring mobile attached product. Our mobile and employee benefit channels were both up double-digits for the sixth consecutive quarter, with about 300,000 net new customers added for the year in these two channels. Going into fiscal year 2023, we will continue to focus on building a multi-channel environment, including direct acquisition, marketing partnerships, employee benefits, retail and e-tail, OEMs, service providers and new pathways established earlier this year, such as the freemium channel. To that effect, Travis Witteveen, who joined us as CEO of Avira has taken the leadership of a newly formed commercial organization focused on all customer acquisition activities. Building on last years momentum, we are working to strengthen our business with more intentional go-to-market efforts, focus on market segmentations, targeted geographies and increased sales motions to drive higher adoption of a comprehensive cyber safety offering across the globe. So, we have talked about product innovation and go-to-market as two of our key growth drivers. A third one is our branding initiatives. In fiscal 22, we focused on driving higher engagement with our customers by diversifying our marketing investments. Our marketing dollars went towards a combination of digital and traditional media in driving brand awareness and consideration increasing brand trust and brand loyalty. One memorable marketing campaign that comes to mind is our award winning Unsafe [ph] Norton 360 campaign launched last year. The creative storytelling for this campaign made our Norton brand more relatable, relevant and localized to many countries across the globe. It was activated in both DTC and partner channels via traditional TV, OTT, digital video, radio and social media. For this specific campaign, our performance metrics showed great improvements in response rate and digital video click-throughs. Moving forward, we will continue to balance these investments through different channels and craft impactful storytelling to make cyber safety more relatable to consumers day-to-day activities. Finally, customer engagement and satisfaction is another critical component of our strategy as we build the integrated cyber safety offering. We have improved the overall customer satisfaction in the last 12 months and increase our net promoter score to over 45. We have put our customers first in everything we do. We ensure the voice of the customer is heard and we generally embrace an end-to-end customer experience. We know that in this area, it is a never ending journey that we have embarked upon with plenty of opportunities to improve and delight our customers. So, product innovation, diversified go-to-market channels, a multi-brand strategy and customer insight and satisfaction are key priorities and critical components of our strategy to maximize our growth moving forward and scale up the best cyber safety platform for people everywhere. Cyber attacks have only elevated and evolved to become an unfortunate part of everyday reality. Consumers need more than device security. There will be more touch points into identity, privacy and other trust-based adjacencies. Our mission is to build easy-to-use technologies and solutions that help save guard consumers. So looking ahead, we are well positioned to drive the transformation of consumer cyber safety and pursue our long-term objectives. While we recognize that geopolitical events or macro level headwinds can create bumps along our journey, we know that consumers will continue to need comprehensive protection of their digital lives. As we pursue our vision, we have multiple growth levers, strong profitability, proven financial resiliency, and we are backed by our robust balance sheet and cash flow generation. Of course, we also know we have a lot of work ahead as we enter a new fiscal year, we continue to expect from us innovation and portfolio expansion and the pursuit of new opportunities in customer acquisition, cross-selling and retention activities. Finally, a brief update on our proposed merger with Avast. Our anticipated closing of the merger remains mid to late calendar 2022. We are actively engaged in the Phase 2 review process with the UK market authorities and continue to strongly believe that this transaction can only benefit consumers across the globe in a very competitive and dynamic market. In the meantime, we will continue to move our business forward. Were still very eager to come together with Avast to accelerate the transformation of consumer cyber safety and power digital freedom for everyone. And now let me turn the call over to Natalie to cover the results in more details.
Natalie Derse: Thank you, Vincent, and hello, everyone. For todays discussion, I will focus on non-GAAP financials, starting with our full year fiscal 2022 results, followed by our Q4 performance details and then provide our outlook for Q1 fiscal year 2023. Fiscal year 2022 was a strong year for our business. We met our growth expectations through consistent execution of our plans and in turn, completed a successful first year towards our long-term objectives. We finished fiscal 2022 with over $2.8 billion in revenue, growth of 10.4% in constant currency, slightly above our guidance. Our bookings further grew 8% in constant currency, our second consecutive year of high single-digit growth after years of flat to low single-digit growth. We achieved an annual operating margin of 52.7%, up 300 basis points year-over-year. On the bottom line, we delivered $1.75 in EPS over 20% growth year-over-year and at the high end of our original guidance of $1.65 to $1.75. We have scaled to over 23.5 million direct customers while maintaining our industry-leading customer retention of 85% and monthly ARPU of $8.90. As we prepare for the merger with Avast, we ended the year with approximately $1 billion in free cash flow, up 38% year-over-year.
USD: Q4 bookings grew 6% in constant currency on top of a record 13% constant currency bookings growth in Q4 last year. This was our tenth consecutive quarter of sequential net new customer adds. We added 576,000 net new customers year-over-year and 123,000 quarter-over-quarter. Q4 growth was broad-based with a higher mix in identity as expected, given the timing of the U.S. tax filings. Looking at our performance in Q4 across other key operating metrics, overall customer unit retention was slightly above 85%, and our monthly average revenue per user, or ARPU, expanded sequentially again to $8.90. Retention is a major focus for us and remains strong, including newer cohorts that have renewed since last year. We drove retention improvement this year even as our customer base mix shifts more towards first year and newer customers. As a result, our direct business grew 4% in Q4 and 8% for the year. Our partner business continued its strong growth momentum in Q4, up 20% year-over-year and marking the sixth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. Our international business continued to climb as we gain more traction in broadening the distribution and adoption of our identity offerings. Our indirect business now represents nearly 13% of our total business compared to 2 years ago when it was 10% of our business. While our indirect business has a longer sales cycle and takes time to scale, we continue to dedicate more resources in this area as we focus on broadening our go-to-market reach, diversifying our customer acquisition channels, and driving this as a key tenet of our long-term growth strategy. Turning to profitability. Q4 gross margin sustained at 87% and our operating margin for the quarter was up 54%  54.5%, up 400 basis points year-over-year, driven by both our revenue growth and our cost discipline. In anticipation of the Avast merger, our G&A functions continue to run lean, now at less than 4% of revenue. This does not mean were not investing. We have continued and repeatedly funded our business by optimizing our cost structure and being intentional in how we allocate marketing dollars for healthy ROI. With regards to R&D, we make investments in new product development to drive our innovation efforts. We invest for growth, and we will continue to operate with a disciplined approach in driving our growth initiatives while remaining nimble and ready to execute on the cost synergies we committed for the merger. Q4 net income was $271 million, up 16% compared to last year. Diluted EPS was $0.46 for the quarter, up 15% and at the high end of our guidance range. We remain committed to driving EPS expansion and achieving our long-term EPS objective of $3. Turning to our cash flow and balance sheet. Q4 operating cash flow was $326 million and free cash flow was $324 million. Our net debt leverage lowered to approximately 1x, 2x net in the quarter, but please note, this does not include any of our expected acquisition financing as it does not become funded until deal close. As a reminder, we previously announced that we successfully raised all the required financing we had planned for the Avast mergers. In Q4, we have returned approximately $73 million to shareholders in the form of a regular quarterly dividend of $0.125 per common share. In addition, we settled a partial repurchase of $100 million from our 2% senior convertible note due in August of this year. This was completed in March, and the repurchased shares represented 16% of our total outstanding note. For Q4, the Board of Directors had approved a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.125 per common share to be paid on June 22, 2022, for all shareholders of record as of the close of business on June 8, 2022, as described in the press release. As of the end of Q4, we have approximately $1.8 billion remaining in the current share buyback program as we have not deployed any buybacks due to the pending of Avast merger. However, in light of the longer time line to close the Avast, we have taken certain steps to resume share buybacks in a limited capacity with the consent of both Avast and the UK Takeover Panel. Now turning to our outlook for Q1. With the ongoing macro environment and the significant strengthening of the dollar in recent weeks, we anticipate increasing currency headwinds. But I want to emphasize that the underlying health of our business remains strong. We expect Q1 non-GAAP revenue in the range of $705 million to $715 million, which translates to 5% to 7% growth year-over-year in constant currency and reflects an FX headwind of 3 points of growth. We have assumed April average currency rate considering the material U.S. dollar depreciation we have seen in March and April. We expect Q1 non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $0.42 to $0.44 per share, which reflects $0.03 of currency headwind year-over-year and approximately $0.02 of incremental dilution from the new accounting guidance on convertible debt with a cash conversion feature. As a reminder, we have $525 million in convertible notes, which will mature in August. For the full fiscal year 2023, we expect bookings growth to be in similar ranges of mid-single digits in constant currency. Considering the ongoing CMA discussions, and timing of the Avast merger, we will not be providing an annual P&L guidance at this time. We hope to provide more details when we close this merger. In summary, we had a momentous year, and I want to thank our team for executing and delivering our fiscal 2022 results. I am proud of what our team has accomplished so far and look forward to continuing down our path to achieving our long-term objectives. I believe we have the ingredients to scale and the right playbook to grow our company. We have multiple growth levers that we will continue to pull, including new product innovation, driving more cross-sell and upsell improving customer experience, expanding customer reach and more M&A. We will remain disciplined in how we operate. But keep in mind, we are still in the early days of our transformation and our growth may not be a straight upward trend line. There will be ebbs and flows. However, we will proceed forward with our strategy and drive fiscal year 2023 to be another deposit in achieving our triple double, double the number of customers, double our earnings per share with double-digit rates of growth. As always, thank you for your time today, and I will now turn the call back to the operator to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question from the line of Hamza Fodderwala of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Hamza Fodderwala: Alright. Good evening. Thank you for taking my question. So now, I just had a clarifying question for you first. I think you said FY 23 bookings growth would be in the mid-single-digit range. Did I hear that right?
Natalie Derse: Yes.
Hamza Fodderwala: And I think from what I can tell on an organic basis, that generally tends to trend in line with revenue growth, like on a trailing 12-month basis. So Im curious if there is any disconnect in that relationship at all.
Natalie Derse: There is a disconnect, I would say, yes. And just in concept, yes, bookings 1 year will indicate where our revenue is trending the prior  the next year with the exception, of course, of any of our revenue streams that dont get count in bookings. So yes, you are on the right track there.
Hamza Fodderwala: Got it. Got it.
Vincent Pilette: But in short, Hamza, we do not know anything special outside of Natalies mentioned the late 12 months, there is no anything special that we know about. And so yes, bookings and revenue should trend.
Hamza Fodderwala: Okay. And then just on the macro, I think you alluded to some macro and some currency headwinds, in particular, but the underlying demand environment still remains strong. I am just curious, incrementally if you guys are seeing anything around just in terms of looking at online traffic, in terms of looking at customer interest, if there has been any indication of a more material slowdown, obviously, the macro situation is less certain. So, I am just curious if you are seeing that at all in some of your leading indicators of demand.
Vincent Pilette: Yes. And we are not immune to the macro level headwind, right. We are definitely aware of inflationary pressures. You have seen the PC shipment decline here in first calendar quarter. We definitely see marketing expense rates increasing, which is also a sign of tighter environment and everybody pushing. And so we navigate through that as we mentioned. We are not immune to that, but we do have a lot of different levers as we look at our business to drive growth. On one side, its all about educating consumers on our comprehensive cyber safety portfolio as we expand identity and privacy outside of the U.S. Its something we believe we have a big opportunity. As we continue to drive initiatives on retention increasing, first year retention has been a priority for 12 months, and we have made progress in that, and we will continue to make progress. And then the third one is really about the ARPU as we expand the higher offering, especially in international. We mentioned about half of our customers are located outside of the U.S., where the ARPU is about half of that of the U.S. on average, whatever we see is on the same per country and per offering. But we do feel we have a big opportunity on all three levers to navigate through the macro level headwind. Definitely, Q1 calendar had a lot of uncertainties and volatilities as, of course, you have seen and as reported by many other companies.
Hamza Fodderwala: Got it. Makes a ton of sense. Maybe if I could sneak in one last one. Just around the launch of the identity protection solution in UK and Germany, I am curious what the reception of that has been from customers? And how would you assess the maturity level of those markets as it relates to those products relative to the U.S. today?
Vincent Pilette: Yes, definitely. So, digital identity for me is kind of the next element of your digital life, you want to protect, right. If you do all started about protecting new device then over time, you evolve and wanted to protect new devices, then all of your data and transactions moving to the cloud and now suddenly, the sum of your actions became like a digital identity. Every digital user, if you want has multiple identities, even a lot more on average if somebody has five to seven devices and identities, digital identities is 10 to 50 digital identities. And so protecting those may mean different things per country in the U.S., very social security numbers centric, very credit-centric, other countries, different elements. And then each countries internationally continue to mature more into this digital world. You may know the European Union is launching now the second version of a digital wallet. And all of that creates opportunity for hackers, unfortunately, and then for us to provide protection. I think it takes time to build momentum internationally. Over a year ago, we launched LifeLock in Canada in partnership with TELUS. And here in this last quarter, we have seen momentum picking up. We know its a multiyear effort. Similarly in Japan, we launched in a different way, different format than Canada, and we have got great traction there being the leader in this space. Just this quarter, we launched in the UK, we know thats the market thats more mature to adopt a similar angled service-oriented like in the U.S., then Germany, other countries are still maturing. And I think we are here for the long-term, and we know it is a long-term initiatives to build the total comprehensive digital protection for consumers outside of the U.S.
Hamza Fodderwala: Thank you. I will leave the floor.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from the line of Saket Kalia of Barclays. Your line is open.
Saket Kalia: Okay. Great. Hey guys. Thanks for taking my questions here. Hey Vincent. Hey Natalie. Natalie, I just want to clarify something from just the last line of questioning. So, I think that  I think we talked about sort of mid-single digit bookings growth implied in the Q1 guide and maybe just the disconnect with revenue growth. My understanding was that the disconnect was FX. Is that the wrong way to look at it, or did I just maybe misunderstand  just any thoughts on that? Just is it FX thats primarily the difference between bookings growth and revenue and the as-reported sort of revenue guide?
Natalie Derse: Yes. I mean the difference between bookings and revenue is bookings is what we recognize in period and then revenue is, of course, as we rolled off the balance sheet, we have got not only the in period combined with partner and then we have got the deferred revenue balance rolling off the balance sheet. The FX comes into play as the deferred balance rolls off. And so we need  we obviously need to deal with that is the FX impact as it rolls off the balance sheet. But I dont see  we talked about in the range of mid-single digits for bookings. Just to reiterate for Q1 guide just a constant currency of 5% to 7%. I am not sure what disconnect we are talking about.
Saket Kalia: Understood.
Vincent Pilette: Second, Vincent, just to add on that, a mid-single-digit booking growth rate is somewhat in line. You can assume that full year revenue. Unless you have significant shift in trends in bookings, then that would take 12 months to catch up. And then you have, as Natalie mentioned, the currency that get always reevaluated the deferred revenue balance get reevaluate at todays spot rate, and so that can create a slight disconnect as well.
Saket Kalia: Okay. Understood. Sorry, just wanted to make sure I understood because it was just  I totally get it. Maybe just on to some more fun stuff. Natalie, for you  or actually, maybe Vincent for you, can you just talk about the economics of subscribers that come through the employee benefit plans. I mean clearly, those are lower ARPU, but I mean we are talking about sort of higher customer acquisition costs. Anything that you can just talk about on the direct side that is, anything you could just comment on the margin impact or the renewal economics of just subscribers that come through those employee benefit plans?
Vincent Pilette: Yes. So first of all, coming back on your currency, no need to apologize. Currency  outside of currency would be ahead of our plan. Currency is the major headwind we have faced and we are trying to navigate through it. We know its temporary, and we manage through the implication. That was also we report our numbers in constant currency, so investors can really assess the true operational momentum we have. And we have also isolated the impact of that currency on EPS. At the end of the day, it is what it is, but its important for investors to have full transparency on that, so no issue here. When it comes to EB now, their employee benefits and a very exciting channel, the reason its exciting, its majorly the large lock offering. So, its in the identity space. And many of the accounts we sign up are being sponsored by the employer. Sometimes the employees have been asked to pay a portion of it. Sometimes its fully subsidized. And its a big important channel in which we can continue to grow up the offering. The ARPU is slightly in line to our overall portfolio ARPU. And in identity, I would say its a channel thats about 20% lower in terms of the channel cost, if you want, or lower ARPU in that identity. But the cost structure, as you know, for us is more a step function cost structure. Its not a variable cost structure. And so the direct contribution of any incremental customers that would benefit from our LifeLock offering in the EB channel is at a great drop through. So, economically we feel really good about that channel that we continue to invest in.
Saket Kalia: Got it. Thats helpful. Now maybe just last one for you, if I could squeeze in. You mentioned just the share buyback authorization that we havent been able to use for a while. Can you just walk through the mechanics of is there a maximum that you are allowed to buyback just kind of given the  given malware in waiting mode for Avast, any sort of mechanics that you can lay out on kind of how the buyback could work potentially between now and potential deal close?
Natalie Derse: Yes. Thanks Saket. Share buyback, as we said on the call, and as you guys know, we havent been able to do any in fiscal year 2022. So, we are looking forward to in 2023 to be able to use that. We have talked about it as a key tenet of our capital allocation strategy, but we have just been restricted. So, we are really looking at as we go forward, really trying to figure out is there any opportunity in order to get back in and do opportunistic share buyback. Its really  its very, very specific in terms of not only when we can do it. We have got to obviously work across the aisle with Avast and the UK takeover panel. So, the mechanics are very, very specific and there is very, very limited opportunity for us to do it. We are  we have worked with them and gained some very limited ability to do it as we look forward into 2023, but we still have to work out the mechanics on the execution.
Saket Kalia: Got it. Thats very helpful. Thanks guys.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you.
Operator: At this time, there are no more questions. I will turn the call back to Vincent Pilette, CEO, for closing remarks.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you, Jeff. As I reflect on our transformation plan from a year ago, I am incredibly proud of our strong results and the teams execution. Certainly, there are some ups and downs and growing pains, but we are intensely focused on consistent execution, investing and driving for growth to scale business on a global level. I am incredibly optimistic about our future. So, thanks for joining. Thanks for your continued support of NortonLifeLock and we look forward to connecting with you very soon. Stay safe and stay well.
Operator: And this concludes todays conference call. Thank you everyone.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-02-03 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for standing by. My name is Paul, and I will be your conference operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the NortonLifeLock Fiscal 2022 Third Quarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded and all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. At this time, for opening remarks, I would like to pass the call over to Ms. Mary Lai, Head of Investor Relations. Miss, you may begin.
Mary Lai: Thank you, Paul, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the NortonLifeLock fiscal 2022 third quarter earnings call. Joining me today to review our Q3 results are Vincent Pilette, CEO; and Natalie Derse, CFO. As a reminder, there will be a replay of this call posted on the Investor Relations website, along with our earnings slides, press release defining our non-GAAP metrics. I'd like to remind everyone that during this call, all references to the final metrics are non-GAAP, and all growth rates are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. A reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP measures is included in our press release, which is available on our IR website at investor.nortonlifelock.com. Today's call contains statements regarding our business, financial performance and operations, including the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our business and industry, which may be considered forward-looking statements and such statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Those statements are based on our current beliefs, assumptions and expectations and speak only as of the current date. For more information, please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release and the risk factors in our filings with the SEC and, in particular, our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 2, 2021. And now I will turn the call over to our CEO. Vincent?
Vincent Pilette: Thank you, Mary, and welcome, everyone. This was another strong quarter, double-digit growth on both the top and bottom line, and we continue to drive improvements across several key business areas that we believe are critical to our long-term success. Q3 revenue and bookings grew 12% and 11%, respectively. The growth profile we delivered was broad-based, reflective of diversification across our product portfolio, our channels and our geographies. And with 16% growth in EPS, our profitability remains strong and continues to grow faster than revenue. Later in this call, Natalie will provide you with more details on our Q3 results, but let's take a step back for one minute. It is clear to all of us that we are living more and more of our daily lives online: shopping, working, learning, creating, sharing, you name it. We are doing it all online. All of it is designed to make our lives easier and better, but it does come with a very real risk of more cyber criminality. Every day, this team wakes up driven by a singular purpose, making the world cybersafe for everyone and ultimately powering their digital freedom. Today, we are protecting and empowering approximately 80 million users in more than 150 countries where we are just getting started. Our strategy is built around our customers and their digital lives. We are focused on accelerating innovation, expanding access and reach and relentlessly serving our customers' needs. Our innovation engine continues to thrive. In Q3, we introduced Avira Breach Monitor, where we actively scan the Internet and alert users if their e-mail is a part of a data breach. In identity and in privacy, we continue to expand our reach internationally, combining Dark Web Monitoring, anti-truck and ID Navigator and bringing it to over 20 countries. Not only do we bring new products to market, we also improve upon category-leading products that we have offered for years. For example, using machine learning, we rolled out new alerts detecting unusual transactions for our LifeLock subscribers, better protecting people from various frauds or unusual activities. Day after day, this team brings energy and new ideas about how we can better build out the Norton 360 cyber safety integrated platform. Within various plans of Norton 360, our members automatically receive the benefits of our latest innovation: simplified and frictionless onboarding experiences, new device detection in addition through QR codes; easy backup activation; software updater; improved integrated VPN; game booster; cryptocurrency mining and wallet options; and enhanced identity protection features like identity lock and social media monitoring. These are just a few of the new features made available into our Norton 360 platform over just the last few months. And it's not just innovation, it is a continued commitment to protecting our users as highlighted with multiple AV-TEST awards and the most recent, the SE Labs Best Consumer Anti-Malware Awards for 2021. We know we are on the right track as over 14 million customers are now on Norton 360, with more than one million members added since our Investor Day last May. We are thrilled that over 60% of our direct customers are now protected by the Norton 360 platform and it keeps growing. Whether it's launching entirely new products, bringing these products to more people or improving our industry-leading platform, we know that innovation is a core driver of our success. When customers make the decision to trust us to help protect their digital lives, they stay with us. We have improved our Net Promoter Score by five points to high 40s in the last 12 months. That strengthening engagement is also reflected in our retention rate, which is something we are particularly proud of. In Q3, it was slightly above 85%. If you exclude the first-year customers, retention is at 87% in aggregate and as high as 90% for some cohort of customers with the identity offering. It speaks to the power of our Norton 360 platform with identity protection as traditionally in this industry, renewal rates for the first-year customers or security-only customers are lower. But even in this category, we believe we have room for improvement. We've already improved Avira retention to 83%, up three points since we acquired them. Through our evolving and innovative product portfolio and expanding distribution channels, we have now added customers to the platform consistently over nine consecutive quarters. Total direct customers are now over 23.4 million, up 12% or 2.4 million customers added year-over-year and 126,000 sequentially. The growth was broad-based, although slightly higher mix in security as expected for December holiday-driven quarter. In our direct-to-consumer channel, we observed some market pressure on ad prices that slightly pushed up our customer acquisition cost. We partially offset those increases with improvement in shopping cart convergence. One of the key investment areas in our go-to-market strategy is the expansion in indirect channels. The net direct customer count increase that I just shared does not include customers coming through our partner channels, including employee benefits or through the App Store, for example. In those two channels alone, we added almost 0.5 million customers year-over-year and over 100,000 customers sequentially. And interestingly, almost two-third now of our new customer from app stores have installed the Norton 360 app. You will see us continue to expand and invest in our multichannel approach to reach more customers. While it is great that we've brought innovations to the market, added customers to our platform and retain them, it is also clear that we are delivering value. In Q3, our average revenue per user, or ARPU, was $8.87, but excluding Avira, we achieved a record organic ARPU well above $9, driven by higher Norton 360 adoption and successful cross-sell and upsell activities. Avira's installed base is more focused on traditional security feature, which drives an ARPU at just below $5. But we view this as one of the many opportunities we have to continue to grow and provide more rounded protection to all customers, Avira and internationally. Natalie will provide more details on ARPU in her section. To wrap up, I'm also excited to announce that we are driving to an accelerated close date for the merger with Avast. As you will recall, we originally expected to close in mid-calendar year 2022. However, while there remains some outstanding regulatory conditions that will need to be satisfied or waived before we can close, we currently expect to close on February 24, 2022. We have made great strides towards combining the two companies, including receiving approvals from both NortonLifeLock and Avast shareholders, satisfying regulatory conditions in the U.S., Czech Republic, Australia and New Zealand, and securing permanent financing commitments. On the remaining regulatory conditions, we have submitted antitrust filings for the U.K., Germany and Spain and are fully engaged with each of them. We fundamentally believe that this merger will allow us to increase our pace of innovation and better serve consumers around the world. In the meantime, we'll keep driving our business forward. We've made great progress and frankly can't wait to merge with Avast. Together, we will accelerate the transformation of consumer cybersafety and power digital freedom for everyone. And now I will pass the call over to Natalie to cover details of the financial results and the activities supporting our merger with Avast.
Natalie Derse: Thank you, Vincent, and hello, everyone. For today's discussion, I will focus on non-GAAP financials, starting with our Q3 results and then provide our outlook for fiscal year 2022. We delivered another excellent quarter. Our Q3 revenue was $704 million and at the high end of our guidance range. Revenue was up 10% in USD and up 12% in constant currency, including a two-point currency headwind as the euro and yen weakened against the U.S. dollar. Bookings growth accelerated sequentially and year-over-year, up 10% in USD and 11% in constant currency. We continue to effectively utilize the levers we have at our disposal to accelerate growth. Our total direct customer count increased to 23.4 million, adding 2.4 million customers year-over-year and adding 126,000 net new customers quarter-over-quarter. This was our ninth consecutive quarter of sequential net direct customer adds, with close to 0.5 million net new customers added already this year. We remain focused on acquiring more customers at the top of the funnel in an increasingly competitive landscape. Q3 growth was broad-based. We saw strength in both the U.S. and international regions. Our new products and services in key international markets have improved our overall global reach. While our customer mix still skews higher in the U.S., we are capturing more international opportunities as we scale. Looking at our performance in Q3 across key operating metrics, overall, unit retention was slightly above 85% in Q3, and our monthly average revenue per user, or ARPU, expanded sequentially to $8.87. Collectively, this contributed to 9% revenue growth in our direct business versus 5% growth in Q3 last year and no growth the year before. We believe this consistent growth momentum is built on the foundation of our Norton 360 platform as well as our expanding product portfolio and the increasing value we provide to our customers. Retention is a major area of focus for us. Our renewal rates remain strong across cohorts, including our newer customers, which now reflects a larger mix of our customer base. Our cross-sell/upsell efforts are also beginning to bear fruit, supported by new product velocity and expanding feature releases in global markets. While driving strong engagement throughout the customer journey and bringing more value to our customers, we, in turn, continue to increase retention and drive growth in our ARPU over time. Our partner business continued to grow double digits in Q3, with revenue up 17%, scaling in multiple channels including employee benefits and app store. Our employee benefits channel continues to grow double digits as we broaden our identity offerings to more employees in North America. Our app store channel was up double digits for the fifth consecutive quarter, driven by the success of our Norton 360 app. While our indirect business is just over 10% of our total business, we continue to dedicate more resources in this area as we focus on broadening our go-to-market reach and drive this as a key tenet of our long-term growth strategy. Turning to profitability. We continue to deliver high operating leverage. Q3 gross margin sustained at 87% and operating margin was 52.8%, up 180 basis points year-over-year. We remain diligent in our cost structure in pursuit of efficiency opportunities and to create capacity for reinvestment to drive growth. We are operating our G&A functions at approximately 4% of revenue down from 10% of revenue just two years ago. We continue to make investments in sales and marketing while navigating through the competitive advertising environment and higher ad costs. With R&D, we focused on our energy on increasing the pace of new product launches while also effectively driving efficiencies. Looking ahead with Avast, we will continue to operate with a disciplined approach in our cost management in order to drive synergies we committed and pre-integration plans are already underway. Q3 net income was $260 million, up 14% year-over-year. Diluted EPS was $0.44 for the quarter, up 16% year-over-year and at the high end of our guidance range. We remain committed to driving EPS expansion and achieving our long-term EPS objective of $3. Turning to our cash flow and balance sheet. Q3 operating cash flow was $330 million and free cash flow was $328 million. Year-to-date operating cash flow is $648 million, growing over 80% year-over-year. We continue to maintain both a strong liquidity position and a healthy balance sheet. Our net debt leverage lowered to approximately 1 point times in the quarter  1.5 times in the quarter. But please note, this does not include any of our expected acquisition financing as that does not become funded until the deal close. In Q3, we returned approximately $73 million to shareholders in the form of a regular quarterly dividend of $0.125 per common share. For Q4, the Board of Directors has approved a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.125 per share to be paid on March 16, 2022, for all shareholders of record as of the close of business on February 22, 2022, as described in the press release. We still have approximately $1.8 billion remaining in the current share buyback program, which is not being deployed at this time due to the pending Avast transaction. As a reminder, depending on the Avast merger shareholder elections, an incremental share buyback of up to $3 billion is possible to the extent that Avast shareholders elect for the majority stock option. Before I get into our guidance, let me give you a brief update on the Avast merger financing. As you may recall, back in August of last year, we successfully syndicated our term loan A commitments for the acquisition financing. At the start of this calendar year, we launched the syndication of our term loan B commitments to be prepared for the deal close. We received strong interest and great reception in the debt markets. In fact, the demand was notably oversubscribed. We're pleased to report that we have successfully raised all of the required financing we had planned for this merger and we'll be ready to fund at the accelerated date for the deal close. Now turning to our outlook. We have narrowed our full year fiscal 2022 non-GAAP guidance to the high end of the range. We now expect to achieve fiscal 2022 annual non-GAAP revenue in the range of $2.795 billion to $2.805 billion, assuming stable currency rates quarter-over-quarter, which translates to approximately 10% growth year-over-year in constant currency. For fiscal 2022 annual non-GAAP EPS, we expect to be in the range of $1.73 to $1.75, narrowing against that high end. Please note this guidance does not include any impact from the anticipated Avast merger close. We look forward to closing out another successful fiscal year. We remain well positioned as the leader in cybersafety. We have growing momentum, a very healthy business model and strong operating capabilities. I want to reiterate what we said last quarter. As we navigate forward, we will continue to challenge ourselves to anticipate, prioritize and meet customer needs in a growth-focused manner. Thank you for your time today, and I will now turn the call back to the operator to take your questions. Please do keep in mind, we are not able to answer any questions related to any specific M&A at this time. Operator?
Operator: Thank you, maam. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Saket Kalia with Barclays. Your line is open.
Saket Kalia: Great. Hey, Vincent. Hey, Natalie, how youre guys doing?
Vincent Pilette: Very good. Thank you for asking.
Saket Kalia: Absolutely. Thanks for taking my questions here. And great to see the results. Vincent, maybe Ill start with you. I understand the disclaimer just on talking about specific M&A, but I think the most surprising news with the release here, in my view, is the earlier expected close for Avast on February 24. And so maybe to the extent you can, can you just share with us just some of the regulatory hurdles left, right, just to understand the time line from here to the 24th? And then also to  in as much detail as I guess youre allowed to, what gives you the confidence in that earlier close date compared to the June time frame that we thought about earlier?
Vincent Pilette: Yes. And to be honest with you, I never believed that I would say what Im going to say, which is despite the fact that we posted a double-digit quarter, quarter, the most exciting news is, for me too, that we are now scaling the close of the merger with Avast for February 24. We, as you imagine, are super eager to get started. Weve made great progress in our planning activities, and we know that this merger will offer an increased capacity for innovation, for global reach, to make Cyber Safety reach for consumers. So, weve been patiently working all the processes. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we made great progress on many fronts. We still have regulatory conditions to meet in the UK, Germany and Spain. Weve done now all of the filings and we are openly and actively, if you want collaborating with those stories answering all of the questions they have. Based on the progress, and I wont go into every detail, were now confident that we will be in a position on February 24 to either meet all conditions or waive all conditions and be able to close. So thats, as you mentioned, a great news.
Saket Kalia: Yes, absolutely. Well look forward to that. Natalie, maybe for you just to zero in on the core business. To Vincents point, I mean, great to see the double-digit bookings growth. You talked about a couple of the levers in your prepared remarks, the better retention, the ARPU and continued customer acquisition. Can you just go one level deeper into sort of how youve been able to accelerate that growth to double digits here?
Natalie Derse: Yes, hi Saket, thanks for the question. In our prepared remarks, you heard us, right? The growth was pretty broad-based, both the U.S. and international and across security and identity. How we continue to post double-digit growth, I think, is exactly what weve said. Its really having our new products come to market faster, which is allowing us to offer increasing value to our new as well as our existing customers. We continue to focus our efforts in expanding our customer reach across the globe, thats driving both domestic expansion as well as international expansion. Weve got  with Avira, really seeing the premium to paid conversions as well as combine and diversified through the partner and indirect channels. Think all of thats just really coming together, and were focused on all of those key tenets to drive that double-digit growth.
Saket Kalia: Got it, got it. That makes a lot of sense. Vincent, if I could squeeze another one in, its a product question. I thought the social media monitoring solution that was announced recently was very interesting. I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about the competitive landscape there and the additional value that you can capture with a tool like that. Because I guess in the world of unfortunately, cyber bullying, I imagine that's an interesting product. So can you just dig a little deeper into that?
Vincent Pilette: Yes, I'm with you. And to be honest, so we have a very broad purpose, right, really protecting and empowering everyone to have the digital lives being safe and getting the maximum value for it. As we know, as we move more online, we, of course, expose either the users or our kids or family to more risk coming from that cybercriminality that continues to evolve all the time. I mentioned at our Analyst Day that moving up the stack of value from that core device security to multi-device, to then including password manager, VPN, then adding identity features and then moving into privacy features is what our mission is to build just the best cybersafety platform, full stop. And then on top, offering additional services that would have a lot of value because they are part of that cybersafety platform. I mentioned a category we really look at very closely within that privacy and protection is your reputation online, reputation, privacy reputation management, and then protecting against all sort of activities that would expose you. Cyber bullying being one of them.  And so social monitoring is just another feature, if you want, in a long road map that we keep developing to protect our children against different worlds, different exposure that you would not want to have and creating an alert system and a blocking system that help spotting that. You should, as part of kind of a development, as we continue to build up the different categories. When it comes to competition, I have to tell you, we see a lot of innovation, startups, either geographically located or product category-focused, that bring interesting new ideas. And this is why we like the position we have. And we will even reinforce with Avast. We're going to fully up-capacity for innovation and continue to accelerate the rate of value we bring into the overall portfolio. So you should see it as a long-term development and understanding that we continue to move the value and build up that full definition of what cybersafety means for an Internet user.
Saket Kalia: Makes lot of sense. I will get back in queue. Thanks guys.
Vincent Pilette: Thanks, Saket.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Matt Hedberg with RBC. Your line is open.
Matt Hedberg: Hi guys, thanks for taking my questions and congrats on the double-digit growth. Vincent, you talked about capturing more international business, and obviously, Avast will accelerate that. But wondering if you can provide a bit more detail on what's working internationally. And maybe how is Norton 360 resonating in international markets?
Vincent Pilette: Yes. No, very good question. So every geography is important. But as you know, Norton came with a more U.S.-centric base, right? 70% of our business coming from there. And when we started as a company two-years ago, we say we have a big opportunity internationally, first, with the current product portfolio, and we did that. Then we realized that in many local countries, there's many features that are more free features and introducing, in our portfolio, the ability to manage a freemium model was important. We acquired Avira and we did a lot of testing and realized that actually combining in one country under the same roof at full-life cycle from freemium to premium to full cybersafety platform is actually working. And we were able to grow almost all line of all cohorts when we're doing those tests locally. So that has been, of course, a proof point that give us the confidence to say, hey, the combination with Avast would be definitely a fantastic, very powerful move to offer more innovation to these customers, including the commitment to the free, and that's number one. Number two is, we have seen it with Avira but also with Norton, as we continue to move more value up the, I can call it, value chain, when you look at the pyramid at the base, the basic security moving into your data being protected and your data inform a live, protecting your full live, that's an identity or multiple identities and protecting that. We can see both, of course, the value creation of the ARPU going up and then the retention actually going up along with the customer satisfaction. We started to launch more combined product AntiTrack starting at the basic with Dark Web Monitoring in many different countries to introduce the notion of that identity protection. And you'll see us more committed and going to drive that digital identity internationally. In Europe, as you know, digital identity has a decent meaning than in the U.S. And so having a presence in each region and understanding the  both the local market in a global framework is very important and we'll be fully committed to that. The third one, I would say, internationally that we have seen is once a customer gets more of that value that I mentioned under either Norton Identity or different single products, AntiTrack or others, we've seen retention improving. Some of the Avira retention improved internationally and we can see in the various countries. Every country has a different renewal rate, but they move up when they move up the value chain and become more a member of a cybersafety platform. So that gives you an idea, if you want, of the different levers we will have to continue to accelerate growth as we share best practices with our friend at Avast.
Matt Hedberg: No, that's super comprehensive. I think we all recognize the international opportunities is significant for you guys. The other thing that really stood out to me, you had a lot of positive things to say about indirect success as well. Now I think you said it's just over 10% of your business. You're focused on driving more success there. Maybe tell us, what are some things there? Obviously, it's been more of a direct historically, but it's really, I think, exciting to see a lot of indirect success, which seems like another lever of growth.
Vincent Pilette: I totally agree with you. Let's be very clear. We know that to reach out the 5 billion Internet users, we can't just do it through a DTC business model. We have to continue to partner, whether it's going indirect to a simple channel or combining with other solutions to offer a better mix or a fully integrated value, combining, for example, with an insurance provider and a cybersafety offering, et cetera. So expect us to continue to develop our channels that way. I think we mentioned publicly that employee benefit was one of them. That's more U.S.-centric. We've increased our investment a year ago in that and we now see the fruition to that. There too, it's not only a channel because then we get feedback around adjustment to the product portfolio and we can add more value for the employee benefit of customers. So customers that come through that channel. We want to be  of course, we want to move fast. Of course, we want indirect channel to be bigger but we want to be very thoughtful, making sure that our brand is recognized, that we have engagement with the customers, which is not the case with every legacy indirect channels, making sure we have the ability to continue to move up the value chain of customers. Those are some of the criteria we really consider before really putting the trigger on increasing investment in one area. But a lot of opportunities there, want to be thoughtful. We're particularly excited  sorry to come back with all the time with that, but when Avast will come in, they have a VSB/SOHO Channel, so focusing on the gig economy or the home-worker person around that cybersafety, we expect to increase that channel as well. So  and we have none in our NortonLifeLock. So definitely expecting direct channel to continue to be an expanding part of our go-to-market strategy.
Matt Hedberg: Super exciting. But thanks Vincent. Thanks everybody.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from the line of Jona Heinz [ph] with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi everyone. Thank you for taking the question online from Hamza. So our first question is on the net subscription ads, which was a little bit below typical seasonality. I was wondering if you could just please expand on that a little bit. Has there been any change in renewal rates?
Natalie Derse: Yes. Thanks for the question. So look, growing our customer base has consistently been and will continue to be a key ingredient to our strategy. And we've just posted our ninth consecutive quarter of quarter-over-quarter net-ads. But we've chosen to report our customer ads to you defined as direct customers. We'll continue to invest in driving this area, very, very fruitful to acquire customers to direct acquisition. But it's not the only avenue to customer acquisition. I think you've heard us today a couple of times talk about the indirect channels. These are diverse channels that we can go to market and really expand our reach, and we're putting resources behind that. We absolutely want more customers, direct paying customers through our funnel. And that's why it's so important for us to focus on how we expand our reach globally in all different channels. The direct channel is becoming increasingly more competitive; both from a competitive spend perspective but also just add costs. And so we're trying to strike the right balance and really leverage all of the diversity of the channels that we have out there to acquire users and/or indirect customers that will over time feed into our installed base.
Vincent Pilette: There's one ad I want to say, I know it's doubling down on what I already said and Natalie mentioned it briefly but we have a lot of also indirect customers. A year ago, we launched Norton 360 on mobile, Android and iOS. In employee benefits and mobile app, we increased 100,000 net new customers or over 100,000 net new customers in those two channels quarter-over-quarter. We saw for the first time actually in mobile app, 65%, about two-third of the mobile app purchases were Norton 360, which is a very big change. That is impacting how we report the direct customer count. We've made some analysis Avast, for example, is including the mobile app into the customer. So as we merge with Avast, were going to take a fresh look on how we report this customer count. So investors can have a full view on how we looked at our business across all dimensions.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, got it. That's very helpful. One follow-up, if I could. So how should we think about ARPU going forward now that the Avira acquisition has lapsed? Any thoughts on price increases, given the current inflation that we're seeing? Thank you.
Natalie Derse: Yes. So as it pertains to price increases inflation, et cetera, I know it's being talked about across the globe. Very, very top of mind and relevant, for our business though, we're software-based so we really don't have a ton of logistical and raw material inflation in our business. What we focus on when we think about price, when we think about inflation, it's more so how are we driving customer value? How are we bringing innovation faster to market? How are we making sure that we are the number one customer choice, in the decision where they choose how to protect themselves and their family? And that's how we focus and that's how we think about our price. We want to make sure that the price to value equation makes sense and not necessarily focusing on price increases just because it's top of mind and across the world today.
Vincent Pilette: And when it comes to gross, we balance retention, ARPU, new customer acquisitions. If your question is, can you go higher than the $9 average? The answer is yes. We still have the majority of our customers that don't have identity protection that are just on the core security. Nobody is anymore just on the AV. They have more than just security like password manager, et cetera but they haven't really made the leap yet on understanding the benefit of having identity  digital identities being protected. And I think that's really our effort, creating the innovative portfolio to really drive that increased adoption of identity protection.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you both very much. Congrats on the results.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you.
Operator: At this time, there are no more questions. I will turn the call back to Vincent Pilette, CEO for NortonLifeLock.
Vincent Pilette: Yes, thank you, Paul. And thanks everyone, for joining us for this call. We appreciate your continued support, of course, and we look forward to connecting with you very soon. So stay safe and be well. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes the conference call. Thank you. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2021-11-04 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for standing by. My name is Jerome, and I will be your conference Operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to that NortonLifeLock Fiscal 2022 Second Quarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded and all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. At this time, for opening remarks, I will now like to pass the call over to Ms. Mary Lai, Head of Investor Relations. Miss, you may begin.
Mary Lai: Thank you, Darrell and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to NortonLifeLock fiscal 2022 Second Quarter earnings call. Joining me today to review our Q2 results are Vincent Pilette, CEO and Nally Jersey CFO. As a reminder, there will be a replay of this call posted on the IR website along with our earnings slides, press release, and materials defining our non-GAAP metrics. I'd like to remind everyone that during this call, all references to the final metrics are non-GAAP and all growth rates are year-over-year, unless otherwise stated.  A reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP measures is included in our Press release, which is available on the IR website at investor. nortonlifelock.com. In addition, we previously announced the merger of NortonLifeLock and Avast. The information shared today will be limited to what has already been disclosed in the document published on our website in connection with the deal.  Today's call contains statements regarding our business, financial performance, and operations, including the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our business and industry, which may be considered forward-looking statements and such statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations.  Those statements are based on our current beliefs, assumptions, and expectations and speak only as of the current date. For more information, please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release and the risk factors in our filings with the SEC. And in particular, our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 2nd, 2021. And now I will turn the call over to our CEO. Vincent.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you, Mary. Welcome and good afternoon, everyone. We've come a long way since we became a consumer focused, standalone Company exactly 2 years ago today. As I reflect on NortonLifeLock's transformation, I'm extremely proud of our team. We committed to operating within financial discipline and bringing meaningful and sustainable growth to this business and we have delivered.  We have relentlessly been building a strong track record and remain focused on meeting our long-term objectives. As you've heard me share before, we are focused on driving growth by improving customer experience, scaling our integrated cyber safety platform, and accelerating the base of our product innovation from core security to trust-based digital solutions.  By putting our customers first and relentlessly executing to our plan, we believe our long-term goals are within reach. Our strategy is working, and as we delivered another quarter of solid and consistent growth, Q2 revenue was up 11% with high single-digit growth in bookings. We are delivering strong profitability and continued EPS expansion, up almost 20% year-over-year. Our high single-digit bookings growth was in line to our long-term objectives and is reflective of our normal seasonality, with the first half of our fiscal year historically being seasonally lower.  The start of Q2 was impacted by expected weaker summer demand and COVID reopening as more people mobilized or prioritized to travel and other activities. As we balanced all of our operational metrics and investment, we finished the quarter with strong momentum, delivering our 8th straight quarter of net direct customer adds sequentially. Our direct customer count grew over 178,000 sequentially and we added over 2.6 million customers year-over-year, bringing our total customer count to 23.3 million.  In Q2, our direct-to-consumer revenue, which represented the majority of our business, was up 9% with ARPU growing slightly quarter-over-quarter, and new lead retention stable. We have continued to build a richer and more robust product portfolio as we reach more consumers on a global basis, while driving higher engagement with our existing customers. Our Net Promoter Score continues to improve from low 40s last year to 49 this quarter, reflecting our focus on customer experience and providing peace of mind to our customers as they live their digital lives.  Our international expansion efforts continued in Q2 and grew double-digits, similar to last quarter. We continued to invest in our [Indiscernible] model as it increases our consumer reach and awareness. And we are encouraged that our nascent expansion into identity internationally is now available in more than 20 countries across Europe and Asia. It is a critical component of our ability to provide more value to our customers outside of the U.S. replicating the success we've had with idea advisor in Japan, where we combined dark web monitoring with elements of restoration.  Our partner business posted double-digit revenue growth for the quarter for the, actually, 4th straight quarter, up 25% in Q2. All channels contributed meaningfully to these results. Amongst those, the Employee Benefits channel delivered another very strong quarter, with expanded beyond the U.S. offering our employee benefit solutions to Canadian employers and unlocking a broader customer base.  Our investment in this area is paying off as we have strengthened our sales team and market coverage in the last few quarters. We intend to expand our overall part of business and we will continue to invest in our multichannel approach, evaluating all potential opportunities and markets globally. Overall, we are on track to our plan and committed to investing in what we see as a long-term secular growth opportunity to develop the best cyber safety portfolio for consumers.  As a result, we continued to accelerate the pace of our product innovation pipeline as we worked to bring cyber safety to every digital user and released products that helped protect consumer's devices, privacy, and identity. We opened the quarter with the release of Norton Utilities Ultimate, a new performance maintenance offering that helps create a faster and smoother and more secure experience for consumers, whether they're gaming or browsing or streaming content or more on their Windows PC.  We expanded Norton Family with new features, including favorite locations to help parents establish approved geographic locations and receive notifications when their child's device arrives or departs those set locations. We also introduced Alert Me, which helps parents stay informed about their children's location by setting specific dates and times to receive automatic check-ins alerts from the location of their child's device.  Both of these new features were quite timely as many kids headed back to school in-person. On the identity front, we added Payday Loan Lock to selected U.S. LifeLock clients to help block the opening of fraudulent payday loans and other short-term loans. And we've added new features like social media monitoring in more markets to provide consumers with broader protection as their digital footprint expands. As awareness grows globally for identity protection, we continue to evolve our road-map to protect our customers and provide the most relevant products and features to new audiences.  As we continue to strengthen our privacy pillar and help provide additional ways for consumers to control their online privacy, we released Norton AntiTrack in the U.S. A new app and browser extension that helps prevent websites from tracking and profiling users in ways normal private browsers or VPNs cannot do. That way people can protect and control the digital footprints from companies and websites that track online activities and collect or sell their personal data. We've seen positive momentum from this new product release as consumers are seeing ways to protect their privacy.  And I'm pleased to share that Norton AntiTrack has been expanded now to APG and EMEA earlier this week. Privacy, overall, is one of the 3 pillars of our cyber safety portfolio and we should continue to see investment in this area to help consumer manage their privacy and reputation online. In Q2, we also released our first environmental, social, and governance report. This report highlights NortonLifeLock's ongoing pledge to bring together our team, expertise, and technology to help build a safe, inclusive, and sustainable future. We're making good progress on this front and I'm proud of all of our employees, the commitment we have made together to develop a responsible Company.  I encourage you to check all of our achievements in that area on our IR website. Additionally, we were recognized by the Business Intelligence Group 2021 Sales and Marketing Technology Awards, or what they call the Sammys, which rank Norton LifeLock as one of the top medium-sized companies of 2021 for innovation in sales and marketing technology. We were recognized for our efforts, upgrading customer service operations, with the development of a new internal sales platform that was built by our own in-house engineers and launch in the spring of 2021.  These technologies enable us to better deliver key customer services within a single, easy-to-use interface. The platform also, replace a legacy vendor supplied solution driving cost efficiencies for the Company. This is a great example of the team's leaving on value. The advocated for the customer, they were empowered to take initiative to identified the opportunity and the delighted customers while improving our business operations. And more importantly, they delivered.  Before I turn the call over to Natalie to discuss the financial results, I would like to provide an update on our proposed merger with Avast. We have made great progress and we continue to be enthusiastic about the combination of the 2 companies and the opportunity to accelerate innovation in cyber safety. We crossed an important milestone today with NortonLifeLock shareholders voting to overwhelmingly support our ongoing transformation to the proposed merger with Avast. With the next key step being the Avast shareholder vote scheduled for November 18.  But also, actively and collaboratively working to the antitrust and other regulatory processes in all relevant jurisdictions. And we believe we are on track to close mid of next calendar year 2022, as previously stated. Our strategy has been to protect an empower consumers as more and more of the day lives move online, and this transaction will allow the combined companies to invest in and accelerate innovation for new cyber safety products. And now let me turn the call over to Natalie for more details on the financials.
Natalie Derse: Thank you, Vincent. And hello, everyone. To all our customers, shareholders, and listeners around the world who are celebrating Diwali today, may the festival of lights bring joy and happiness to you and your families. For today's discussion, I will focus on non-GAAP financials, starting with our Q2 results and then provide our outlook for Q3 in full-year. We delivered another solid quarter, rounding out a strong first half of our fiscal year. Our Q2 revenue was $695 million, up 11%. Our growth remains broad-based across GOs and products.  Bookings growth of 7% was supported by our renewal efforts, expanded product offerings, and continued international expansion. Our total direct customer account increased to 23.3 million, adding 2.6 million customers year-over-year and adding 178,000 net new customers quarter-over-quarter. This was our eighth consecutive quarter of sequential net direct customer adds. In a quarter where there is seasonally lower demand, our strong net adds in Q2 is evidenced that there is growing demand for our products. And we feel proud to have added over 300,000 net new customers in the first half of our fiscal year. Our operational metrics remained strong with 85%-unit retention.  And our monthly average revenue per user or ARPU, increased on a sequential basis to $8.85. As a result, our direct business maintained consistent growth momentum up 9% in revenue. We continue to drive higher engagement with our existing loyal customers through the accelerated pace of new product releases while scaling up our cross-sell efforts. We're also reaching more audiences with the expansion of our identity protection offerings into more international markets, providing broader cyber safety protection to newer cohorts of customers.  As Vincent mentioned earlier, our partner business again posted strong results in Q2, up 25% year-over-year, with continued strength in employee benefits, as well as growth from other distribution channels. Although it accounts for approximately 10% of our total, our partner business remains a key tenant of our long-term growth strategy and will continue to be an important investment area for us, and we are encouraged by the year-to-date growth on Locks thus far.  Turning to profitability, Q2 operating margin was 52%, up 200 basis points year-over-year. We operate with a growth-focused approach in our investment decisions. With sales and marketing, we are constantly evaluating the effectiveness of us spend to optimize how we reach consumers, and market our products to maximize the return on these investments for both the short-term and long-term in an increasingly competitive advertising environment. With R&D, we have focused our efforts on increasing the pace of new product launches while maintaining a robust, evolving product pipeline for our customers.  And we sell [Indiscernible] are investments through productivity gains and lower infrastructure costs. Operating at 87% gross margin, and with G&A less than 5% of revenue, as we drive long-term sustainable growth. Q2 net income was $255 million up 19% year-over-year. Diluted EPS was $0.43 for the quarter, also up 19% year-over-year and at the high end of our guidance range. We remain focused on EPS expansion in achieving our long-term EPS objective of $3 that we shared back in May this year. Turning to our cash flow and balance sheet.  Q2, operating cash flow was $60 million and free cash flow was $59 million, which included seasonal tax payments. Year-to-date operating cash flow was $318 million in line with our net income improvement in growth. We ended Q2 with over $1.5 billion of total cash, which includes the cash proceeds from the July sale of our Mountain View LS buildings. We remained levered at approximately 2 times net debt and maintain both a strong liquidity position and a healthy balance sheet. In Q2, we also returned approximately $73 million to shareholders in the form of our regular quarterly dividend of $0.12.5 per common share.  For Q3, the Board of Directors has approved a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.12.5 per common share to be paid on December 15th, 2021 for all shareholders of record as of the close of business on November 22nd, 2021, as described in the press release. And a reminder that while we still have approximately $1.8 billion remaining in the current share buyback program, we cannot deploy it in the short-term due to the pending Avast transaction. Now, turning to our Q3 and full-year outlook.
Vincent Pilette: We expect Q3 non-GAAP revenue in the range of $695 million to $705 million, assuming stable currency rates quarter-over-quarter, which translates to 9% to 11% growth year-over-year. We expect Q3 non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $0.42 to $0.44 per share. For the full-year, we expect non-GAAP revenue growth of 9% to 10% year-over-year in constant currency and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.70 to $1.75, narrowing the range to the high end on both revenue and EPS versus what we shared with you back in May at our Analyst Day.
Natalie Derse: We look forward to building on our growth momentum and consistent profitability in the second half of this year. And we are well-positioned to deliver on our objectives. Even with the macro impacts around inflation, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, and the evolving pandemic conditions, we have successfully navigated through and continue to hit expectations.  As we look forward, we will continue to challenge ourselves to anticipate, prioritize, and meet customer needs in a growth focus manage -- manner. Thank you for your time today and I will now turn the call back to the Operator to take your questions. Please, do keep in mind we are not able to answer any questions related to any specific M&A at this time. Operator.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I would like to remind everyone in order to ask a question, [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line Saket Kalia from Barclays, your line is open.
Vincent Pilette: Good afternoon.
Saket Kalia: Hey Vincent. Hey, good afternoon, Vincent, hey, Natalie, thanks for taking my questions here.
Vincent Pilette: Yeah.
Saket Kalia: Natalie, maybe just to start with you, I was wondering if you could just double-click a little bit into the billings metric. I think we heard 7% growth in bookings, which is really good to hear. I think the billings growth is a little bit lower than that -- I come to about 5%. Can you just walk through maybe some of the puts and takes there? I know that maybe there was a slightly tougher compare, you know, there's always currency mean just maybe you could just touch on that growth kind of compared to bookings, kind of compared to billings growth in prior quarters.
Natalie Derse: Sure. Thanks, Saket. Look, I'm not surprised at the question around 7% bookings, I am going to focus on bookings in the response to your question. But I'm also not surprised that our Q2 results as it's in line with our models, our internal models. As you know, we don't guide bookings, but we did share that Q2 is historically, a seasonally lighter quarter. We also recognized early on that even if you look at the external search traffic metrics, either on Google metrics, analytics, etc., and you hone in on our branded and non-branded terms, we knew that search volume was lower than prior quarters in what we saw last year.  And then we also saw very early on that the advertising spend being put into the market across our competitive landscape was up. The other thing I'd encourage you guys to look at is, as you know, with our recurring business model and as you know, with customer acquisition, when they get to the first-year retention and the renewal, there's a healthy step-up in terms of the bookings amount that we get as those as those customers choose to renew with us.  So, you really have to date back to last year in Q1, we added 379,000 net new customers. Again, factor in the seasonality component from Q1 to Q2 last year at this time, we added about 117,000 net customers. When you factor into the model, the step-up in the renewal bookings that we get from that renewable customer base, it would point you to a 7% result for us.
Vincent Pilette: If I can add, just a few step backs. Like at quarter-in, quarter-out, obviously, we represent bookings, so investor can understand the underlying metrics, but revenue and bookings trend about the same way. Not every quarter, but on a multi-quarter trend, and we guided revenue for next quarter 9% to 11%. Again, we don't guide bookings but we see this trending somewhat in that range.
Saket Kalia: Got it. Got it. That's very helpful. Vincent, maybe for my follow-up for you, a lot of good things happening internationally. Can you just remind us how big is international currently as a percentage of the business? And what's -- I guess, how big can you see international long-term as a percentage of total? And is that more of an antivirus type of market? Is that more of an identity monitoring market? Is it a little bit of both? Curious how you see international longer-term.
Vincent Pilette: It's a good question, Saket. I'll give you the short Belgium answer. International is not big enough. It indeed represents about 30% of our business. As you know, we acquired Avila to accelerate our growth internationally. As you said, lot of good efforts. Initially our offering in those outside-of-the - U.S. countries did not include identity elements. We now start to build up the portfolio to move above and beyond that security, moving into protecting the digitalize, exploring element of restoration, and so, what I call solutions, which includes our services. I think on the long-term perspective, outside of the U.S. the huge structural growth opportunities.  Obviously, the proposed merger with Avast will boost all of that, they will be more balanced. When I look at different industry, technology, or even the demographic, as you know we should be more 40 in the U.S. 60 international versus the reverse on the unit basis and we're going to continue to expand.
Saket Kalia: Very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [ Operator's Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Q - Hamza Fodderwala from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Hamza Fodderwala: Hey, good evening, guys. Thanks for taking my questions.
Vincent Pilette: Sure.
Hamza Fodderwala: I'll keep it to one question. Natalie, since you alluded to inflation, I'm curious what NortonLifeLock is thinking about in terms of pricing on renewal, particularly into the next fiscal year. Thank you.
Vincent Pilette: If you don't mind, I'll take it and I'll step back a little bit in a broader context. First, as you know, we've acquired Avira. Our number 1 objective is to scale our cyber safety platform. And you're going to see us coming to invest into the freemium model, expanding the freemium model to above security, expanding to other countries. And that's our first point of entry. We would love that the 5 billion Internet users are all fully consciously protected from cyber criminality. When it comes to then our ongoing prices, obviously, pricing, structure, and how do you up-set and move to a premium model, have different structure.  First, your price, as you know, as a promotion to get in, the first time you get in, and then you have the renewal price at the normal MSRP that we have set. And then with tracking, the dynamic of cost, inflation, competition in every country. It is a dynamic environment. It is a competitive environment, and so our pricing philosophy follows the value we provide to the members as we continue to add new product and new value to that membership, then customers up to higher level of membership. And that is the whole business model the way I'm describing it.
Hamza Fodderwala: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. At this time there are no more questions. I will turn the call back to Vincent Pilette, CEO for closing remarks.
Vincent Pilette: Why don't we wait to 1 minute to see if there's nobody last time there was no more question, we had 2 minutes later plenty of question trying to get in, so let's check 1 more time Operator. If you don't mind.
Operator: Sure. [Operator Instructions].
Vincent Pilette: Okay. We, obviously, are always as management very open and available for any questions our investors otherwise would have. We'll have plenty of one-on-one sessions between now and the next few days. I do want to thank our shareholders that have overwhelmingly approved the issuance of shares for the acquisition or the merger with Avast.  We see that as a vote of confidence, confidence into our strategy, confidence into the specific transaction, confidence into the board and management. Thank you, everyone. And we'll be connecting very soon.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the conference call. You may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2022 Q1  (2021-07-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for standing by. My name is Chino, and I'll be your conference operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the NortonLifeLock Fiscal 2022 First Quarter Earnings Call. Todays call is being recorded and all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session.  At this time, for opening remarks, I would like to pass the call over to Ms. Mary Lai, Head of Investor Relations. Ms., you may begin. 
Mary Lai: Thank you, Chino, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the NortonLifeLock's fiscal 2022 first quarter earnings call. Joining me today to review our Q1 results are Vincent Pilette, CEO; and Natalie Derse, CFO. As a reminder, there will be a replay of this call posted on our IR website, along with our earnings slides, press release and supplemental materials, defining our non-GAAP metrics. I'd like to remind everyone that during this call all references to the final metrics are non-GAAP and all growth rates are year-over-year, unless otherwise stated. A reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP measures is included in our press release, which is available on our IR website at investors.nortonlifelock.com.  Today's call contains statements regarding our business, financial performance and operations, including the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our business and industry, which may be considered forward-looking statements, and such statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations.  Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions, and expectations and speak only as of the current date. For more information, please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release and the risk factors in our filing with the SEC and in particular our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 2, 2021. And now, I will turn the call over to our CEO. Vincent?
Vincent Pilette: Thank you, Mary. Welcome, and good afternoon, everyone. So before we dive into our first quarter results, let me start by addressing the Possible Combination with Avast. We confirm that we are in advance discussion with the Board of Avast regarding a possible merger. As we said many times, M&A is a key part of our strategy and we're constantly looking at potential acquisitions and investment opportunities, some small, some larger in size. We believe in being disciplined in our approach and playing for the long term. So if or when we have mature developments, we will share those with you. I'm sure you understand that today we will not be able to answer any questions related to specific cases.  So now with that out of the way, just barely over two months ago at our Investor Day, we shared with you our long-term strategic path to meaningful and sustainable growth. And the ambitious big goals we set then should tell you everything you need to know about our opportunities that we see in front of us. Big audacious goals are not achieved in the short-term, of course, but quarter-by-quarter strong execution creates the momentum that will allow us to meet our long-term goals. And Q1 is just that, a strong execution and solid results that put us right on track to achieve our ambition.  We are off to strong start to fiscal year 2022, with solid financial results for Q1. The direct-to-consumer demand for cyber safety remains a global opportunity, and our Q1 results are evidence of that evolving and underpenetrated opportunity. Overall, Q1 performance was in line with short-term and long-term commitments. Bookings and revenue growth were 12% and 13% respectively, and EPS grew 35%. We sustained our growth momentum in Q1 managing our business through the unpredictable macro-environment and the transition to post-pandemic environment in many parts of the world.  At the heart of it, it is critical for us to focus on product and service innovation. This is the only way we can stay at the fore front of the ever-changing scope and sophistication of cybercrimes and offer consumers the best in cyber safety.  In the first quarter, we unveiled four new products doubling the number of new product introductions compared to a year ago. As we have said at our Investor Day, it is about being nimble, showcasing our ability to move faster and being better by learning along the way.  Let me tell you about a couple of these product releases in Q1. As planned and previewed, we launched the very first integrated product with Avira called Game Optimizer. This new feature on Norton 360 platform is designed to maximize gaming performance, while strengthening security, freeing PCs from programs that are typically running in the background and hugging CPU system resources. This is another tool in our expanding toolbox, and we're excited and eager to give gamers tools that they not only need but want. Another new product is Norton Crypto. What this seed investment is in its infancy, it is another example of how we are committed to innovation and how we are looking to enable and empower the digital lives of consumers.  Digital currency is becoming an increasingly important part of consumers digital lives and this feature allows you to use your idle PC time to earn digital currency. And our Norton Crypto allows you to track, transfer and store earnings in the cloud. We accelerated our pace of innovation to be the first cyber safety company to provide such a feature to help ensure our customers have a safe and easy way to mine crypto without having to make trade-offs that could compromise their cyber security.  As we transform our company to offer richer portfolio, we've also made great strides in expanding our overall consumer reach. In Q1, our direct-to-consumer revenue, which represented the majority of our business, was up 11%. Our global expansion efforts are working as Q1 growth was partly driven by record growth in international. While our North America business remains larger than the rest of the world, the international growth rate once again outpaced the Americas. Similar to last quarter, our direct business grew double-digits across multiple countries, including the UK, Germany, France, Australia and New Zealand. We continue to make great progress in leveraging Aviras freemium model to broaden our reach while accelerating their free to paid conversion using our marketing capabilities.  Another area of strength is our partner business, which posted double-digit revenue growth for the third straight quarter, up 29% in Q1, including Avira. Key channels continue to drive the growth, from benefits to online retail and service providers. As part of our all-in efforts to build the most comprehensive go-to-market model, we recently expanded our partnerships with Lenovo for our OEM business. Selected 5G Lenovo laptop PCs will be pre-installed with Norton Security and VPN app available now in selected markets. While our OEM business is small, it demonstrates that we will continue to explore all avenues to reach customers. We have been highly engaged in various opportunities, end markets globally in our partner business. Our goal is to continue to build and expand these long-term partnerships and increase cyber safety awareness everywhere.  In Q1, our direct customer count grew over 150,000 sequentially, and including Avira, over 2.5 million customers year-over-year, bringing our total direct customer count to 23.1 million. This was our 7th straight quarter of net direct customer adds sequentially. In accordance, it has been historically down sequentially driven by normal seasonality.  Our customer retention rate remained strong at 85% as we drive new initiatives to further improve retention overall and within specific products and customer cohorts. As we shared at our Investor Day, we have started multiple operational initiatives targeting areas of improvement such as our first year cohort or geographies with different customer profiles. Customer satisfaction and retention will continue to be a long-term focus for this leadership team.  Finally, before I pass it to Natalie, I want to reiterate our core values and our inspiration to fulfill our vision to protect and empower people to live their digital lives safely. We think customer-first, we innovate and grow. We [scrub] it, we own it, and we are open and authentic. These are the core values that push us to be better every single day to make the world cyber safe. Quarter in, quarter out, we have been and continue to exercise financial discipline and reinforce our cadence of innovation. We have demonstrated our ability to grow this business relentlessly building a strong financial track record with consistent and accelerated growth. We are far from being done, of course, and we're just getting started as we look to transform our company to redefine consumer cybersafety.  And with that, let me turn it over to Natalie.
Natalie Derse: Thank you, Vincent, and hello, everyone. For today's discussion, I will focus on non-GAAP financials, starting with our Q1 results and then provide our outlook for Q2 and full year. Fiscal year 2022 is off to a strong start. Our Q1 revenue was $691 million, up 13% year-over-year on an as-reported basis, delivering above the high end of our guidance range. We grew bookings by 12% in the quarter. Our growth was driven by broad-based strength across all geos and products and included a 2-point positive impact from FX. Our total direct customer count increased to over 23.1 million, adding 2.6 million customers year-over-year and adding 150,000 net new customers quarter-over-quarter. This was our 7th consecutive quarter of sequential net customer adds, a testament to our growing value proposition. Our customer retention rate, a unit retention metric, remains stable at 85%. Our monthly average revenue per user, or ARPU, is up on a sequential basis to $8.84. Our growing customer base, combined with our strong retention rate and expanding ARPU, accelerated the revenue growth of our direct business to 11% year-over-year. We continue to add more in-demand products and features into the portfolio to assist our cross-sell and upsell efforts, keeping loyal customers engaged through their life cycle. As we continue to grow our customer base, it is important to note that our first year ARPU and retention rate for newly acquired customers is generally lower than our total average. But our growing product portfolio and customer-centric mindset make us well positioned to foster growth with these customers while expanding our reach to new audiences. Our partner business is a key tenet of our go-to-market strategy and once again posted strong results in Q1, up 29% year-over-year, including Avira and with broad-based growth across our distribution channels. Our employee benefits channel continues to post double-digit growth with an expanded pipeline. More small and mid-market employers are discovering that our identity theft protection solutions help mitigate the rapidly evolving cybersafety threats, including recent concerns related to unemployment and tax fraud. We're proud of the progress we've made so far and are excited about the upcoming expansion efforts in this channel.  We also drove double-digit retail growth in key European countries as we continue to adapt to the market conditions in each country and focus on building the strategic partnerships needed to achieve our long-term goals. Turning to profitability. We remain focused on executing to achieve our long-term strategy and consistently drive sustainable growth with operational discipline. As I shared at our Investor Day, we continue to drive the core business at or above a 50% margin rate with Q1 operating at 51%, up 410 basis points year-over-year. In the quarter, we invested in performance marketing and product innovation. With our marketing investments, we operate with a disciplined approach in new customer acquisition, measuring and ensuring effectiveness along the way while adapting to consumer behavior shifts in the market and newer media offerings. We keep our eyes on the marketplace and continue to evolve our marketing spend mix to expand our reach in a relevant and efficient manner. With R&D, we continue to accelerate the pace of product introductions, investing to expand our product portfolio and provide an increasingly differentiated value proposition for consumers, all the while focused on operational excellence and funding additional investment capacity through G&A efficiencies.  Q1 net income was $248 million, up 32% year-over-year. Diluted EPS was $0.42 for the quarter, up 35% year-over-year and at the high end of our guidance range. We continue to prioritize sustainable growth and maintain strong operational discipline to deliver EPS expansion in line with our long-term strategy.  Turning to our cash flow and balance sheet. Q1 operating cash flow was $258 million, and free cash flow was $257 million. We ended Q1 with over $1.2 billion of total cash and $1 billion of undrawn revolver capacity. Please note, this does not reflect the cash proceeds from the sale of our Mountain View Ellis buildings, which closed in mid-July, for total cash proceeds of approximately $358 million. We continue to have a strong liquidity position, healthy balance sheet and are levered at approximately 2x net debt. Now, let me spend a few minutes specifically on capital allocation. In Q1, we returned approximately $74 million to shareholders in the form of our regular quarterly dividend of $0.125 per common share. At the end of Q1, there was approximately $1.8 billion remaining in the current share buyback program, which we intend to deploy opportunistically. As described in the press release, for Q2, the Board of Directors approved a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.125 per common share to be paid on September 15, 2021, for all shareholders of record as of the close of business on August 23, 2021. Now turning to our Q2 and full year outlook. We expect Q2 non-GAAP revenue in the range of $690 million to $700 million, which translates to 10% to 12% growth year-over-year. We expect non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $0.41 to $0.43 per share, assuming stable currency rates. We also reiterate our full year non-GAAP guidance presented in May at Investor Day, which is revenue growth of 8% to 10% plus year-over-year and EPS in the range of $1.65 to $1.75. Q1 was a great start to the year, and we look forward to building on this growth momentum with our scalable foundation. We're excited about the tremendous opportunities ahead.  Thank you for your time today, and I will now turn the call back to the operator to take your questions. But please do keep in mind, we are not able to answer any questions related to any specific M&As at this time. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We do have a question from Saket Kalia from Barclays.
SaketKalia: Maybe to start out with you, Natalie, just on the core business. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about how you think about the seasonality of net adds in a typical year? And perhaps any color that you could give on retention rates in the quarter. Does that make sense?
NatalieDerse: Yes. And thanks for your question, Saket. On customer count, look, as you heard me say, we added 2.6 million year-over-year, 150,000 quarter-over-quarter. Yes, you're right. Q1 seasonally is lower. Note, last year, we were right in the heart of COVID. But from a seasonality perspective, Q1 honestly landed exactly how we expected it to. In terms of retention, retention is stable. 85% is our overall unit retention. And look, what we -- we are where we expected to be. Our focus now is on as we move forward, just driving new acquisition, retaining existing customers, both are key priorities for us. We're not only focused on staying relevant where the consumers are and making their buying decisions but we are just continuously driving and fueling innovation in our product roadmap, coupled with world-class customer service to really keep the current customers happy and satisfied, sustain and grow our retention rate, and again, prioritize new acquisition at the top of the funnel.
SaketKalia: Got it. Very helpful. Maybe for my follow-up for you, Vincent. Understanding, we don't want to ask anything about sort of the headlines out there, maybe I can ask a broader question about capital allocation. Maybe outside of M&A broadly, how do you think about the priorities for capital allocation sort of going forward?
VincentPilette: Yes, I can talk about capital allocation. But first, let me talk about the overall strategy moving forward is really about investing into innovation, bring more product to redefine cybersafety, investing, Natalie talked about marketing, but broadly define investing in the more solid go-to-market model. We know that this market is still vastly underpenetrated when you take a broad definition of cybersafety and reaching out to our customers is very important. We said it at the Analyst Day, we are operating management team that creates levers within the P&L. So were improving capacity to drive more innovations, more productivity there, more marketing spend but we are also using all levers of our business, including the balance sheet and there you talk about the capital allocation. It's not rocket science. There are really 3 areas we use capital for. One is for inorganic investments, and we talk about M&A and all capitalized investment. The other one is buyback and the other one is dividend. And we use all three in a balanced way. Now when we talk about balanced way, it doesnt mean that every quarter it will be balanced. Also last year it was sort of exactly a 1/3, a 1/3, a 1/3 but we will take a very long-term view of our business when it comes to investment and use of cash.
Operator: Next one on the queue is Jonathan Ruykhaver from Baird.
JonathanRuykhaver: So Vince, this is, again, along the lines of trying to understand your thinking around M&A and specifically at the Analyst Day session you highlighted $0.30 to $0.35 from M&A as part of the bridge to $3 in earnings. So I'm just curious if you can add some perspective to that in terms of how scale from an acquisition might change the timing or a contribution to the doubling of that earnings profile? And then kind of as a follow-on, when you think of scale, how does dilution factor into that? Is dilution something you're willing to accept? And if so, for how long?
VincentPilette: So to be very clear, right, so we are under strict rules, we cannot talk about specific case and I want to make sure we follow all the rules, including the UK rules considering the -- one of the cases I think, as you know. So I'll remind you what we said in May in terms of the broad business, we talked about our long-term aspirational view and we said that we have multiple levers at a high level split between business growth, efficiencies and then use of capital. And use of capital, we talk about just the capital allocation model, which has two-prong, the buyback and the M&A. And we said that the way we manage the business in the long term, all of those levers should be contributors to our long-term aspiration.  When we think about more tactical capital or capital structure, we look at again, thereto at all levers, all possible with our long-term ambition goal in mind to make sure we achieve those. And I'll leave it at that, and hopefully, you understand that we are under strict rules we intend to respectfully.
JonathanRuykhaver: Yes. No, I appreciate that color Vincent. So the other question I have is that it looks like you're dipping your toes back into the PC OEM channel. And so I'm just wondering if you can walk through what you see around the opportunity there? Is this a channel that you're likely to pursue more aggressively going forward? And maybe just remind us on how you see the economics of that go-to-market. Years ago, Symantec walked away from that channel because of those economics.
VincentPilette: 100%. So Symantec kind of almost owned the majority of those channels in the past decade ago or 5, 6, 7 years ago. Those relationships had long tail, and we still have a little bit of those into our business today. As you know, the economic on a long-term basis take a 7-year or 10-year view, requires more investment upfront and then profitability over time as your total customer value has a long tail 6, 7 years. So that's how it works. When Symantec decided to really focus on maximizing the profit of the consumer division to fund their enterprise turnaround, they made certain decisions. When we became NortonLifeLock, 100% focused on consumers, really maximizing the protection for digital lives of every consumers connected to the Internet. We said, and I'll confirm that today, we look at always to reach the customers, all go-to-market channels. It's just they have to make sense financially in the short, mid or long-term view and we'll go and develop the best, most diversified distribution channel for reaching all those consumers, creating the awareness and fulfilling the demand.  As part of that, I also said we don't have anything that we want to exclude from and obviously, relationship with PC manufacturers, although we are focused on the user experience and the Internet and the cloud, digital lives is one of the ways that could be favorable. And so the relationship we announced with Lenovo or the few remaining relationship we have in our current distribution channel are important, and we'll continue to look at creating capacity in our P&L to go and develop all channels, if you want, to go to consumers.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Matt Hedberg from RBC.
MatthewHedberg: Vincent, I wanted to follow up on Saket's question on retention. Obviously, it's clear that it remains strong, overall, 85%. I guess I'm wondering if you could provide a little bit more color on -- obviously, you noted the strong sub add quarter, last year due to COVID, how some of those initial COVID subs are doing from a retention? And also Avira.
VincentPilette: Yes. Fairly good. So you point on the -- and I'm sure Saket meant them behind his questions, which is, this is the first full quarter where you're leaping the first big growth that we had as we entered the COVID locked-in periods last year, as you remember, starting in March, but really impacting this quarter. So it's the first time we have 3 months, a full quarter of 12 months looking back and a lot of investors and a lot of people were wondering, were we going to be able to maintain a customer count growth. And we definitely have seen the impact of a lower quarter Q1, as you know, when in summer, people get out and they're less into their digital lives. But I think the progress we've made in expanding the need for cybersafety platform, which is different than just a PC antivirus, if you want, has shown, and we were able to maintain not only a year-over-year growth but a sequential growth, which is pretty extraordinary continued in Q1, but Q4 is a big quarter with the tax quarter and then normally Q1 sequentially is down and we're able to grow it.  So weve very happy by the results, as Natalie mentioned, it's in line to what we had embedded into our guidance. So we are on plan and put a big deposit into our full year plan.  The second question I get from investors is those people or those customers that signed in for the first time during the COVID period, are they going to renew at the same level? And what we have seen in now 4 months looking back March to end of June, we've seen very stable renewal rates. Now they are first year renewal rates so that are lower than average 85% but the first year renewal rates a year ago, 2 years ago, are in line to what we saw this quarter. We believe it's an opportunity to improve retention rate by specific -- or driving specific operational initiatives around the first year cohort and customer satisfaction and experience. But we have not seen a change in behavior with what some of you may have called the COVID cohort, if you want.  The third question I get is around Avira. Avira was slightly below in their retention rate, below our average Norton customers, but not that far behind. And despite the addition of a little bit less than 2 million Avira customers, we've seen an overall retention rate for our business that maintained around 85%. And I have more details and we've not made them public for obvious reasons, but I have more details, and I can tell you that weve improved on every line and Avira too continues to have a solid -- although small incrementally a solid performance on both acquisition and retention. In addition, they have a third dimension we are learning or we're building is really the free to paid conversion and we've redeployed some of our marketing capacity and capabilities to drive and increase that conversion rate as well. So we're very pleased by the performance of all of our lines of businesses.
MatthewHedberg: And then something else that's kind of stood out to me, ARPU grew sequentially. And it hadn't been growing for a while. I think we always thought with Norton 360, there would be an upward bias to ARPU. I know it was a subtle increase sequentially, but it was up. Anything to call out there in terms of trends or anything that you noticed?
VincentPilette: Yes. As we mentioned last quarter, the Avira ARPU was roughly half of our Norton ARPU, more focused, of course, on the security. And so it lowered our aggregated ARPU that was at $9.10 before the acquisition to $8.80 when you take the aggregate by the pure fact of adding new customers that only had exposure to security plus a few other products, but didn't have exposure to a full cybersafety platform. And from here, we continue to see good traction on ARPU.  Now as you know, as we continue to acquire new customers and be a net grower overall, the first year ARPU is lower than the multiyear. And so the headwind from that first year cohort growing is then offset by the slight but consistent and incremental improvement from the Norton 360 and the upselling to the portfolio.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Next question on the line is Hamza Fodderwala from Morgan Stanley.
HamzaFodderwala: Just on the -- so I understand from the subscriber standpoint, a lot of that had to do with sort of normal seasonality. But Vince I think you mentioned earlier sort of post-pandemic demand trends. I'm wondering how much of maybe the dip in subscriber adds was due to that post-pandemic demand trend that we saw much of last year versus typical seasonality from Q4 to Q1?
VincentPilette: So I just want to be clear when you call dip and every time and see that, I want to be sure we qualify it correctly. Last year -- yes, last year, we grew sequentially between 100,000 net new customers to 400,000 net new customer depending on the quarter. We also know that Q1 and Q2 had a seasonally low quarter on a sequential basis, and then Q3 is more security driven and Q4 is a tax identity-driven quarter. And so growing 150,000 a quarter, while it's less than Q4, of course, of last quarter, it is a very strong performance in a first seasonally low quarter sequential net customer adds. So it's right on our plan. It's right on our short-term and long-term commitments. Do we -- would we want to have a higher awareness and penetrate faster? Of course, but we feel pretty good about that plan. What is the impact of the COVID or post COVID market opening versus the normal effect of more people being in summertime on vacation, theyre mounting on the beach and less on their digital life? That we cannot say. And I think it will always be a business that in the winter is a bit more dominant than it is in the summer.
HamzaFodderwala: And just maybe a follow-up. The partner revenue continues to grow quite strongly. Obviously, a much lower percentage of the overall revenue. But can you maybe give some color as to what's driving that in your recent partnerships that we should be aware of here?
VincentPilette: Yes. And for those of you from NortonLifeLock that are listening, I want to thank you for driving a spirit of growth. I can tell you since we became NortonLifeLock, we told everyone, look, the opportunity also we committed to a mid-single-digit is much bigger than that. Look at the underpenetrated market. It is a business that had not been invested enough in the past as they shifted from partnership, the OEM mainly into direct-to-customer and build a very strong direct-to-consumer engine. We said it will be much more diversified and go in every area. There is no one salesperson within our go-to-market that doesn't come during our weekly or monthly reviews and say I have a new idea, should we invest in that. And Natalie and I are going through the review, look at the investment and decide to invest. We have increased our sales capacity in a few of the channels. I mentioned a quarter or 2 quarters ago, our employee benefit channel that has been growing double-digit and we continue to build that up. Mentioned, of course, the OEM is still small, but we can do more. We have our xSP business that continue to grow. And then Natalie mentioned that between online and physical retail balancing it and really strategically moving through the different opportunities by local market has always been an effort.  Recently, a few months ago, we also started a country-by-country strategy that look at all of our different channels, if you want, in trying to balance our investment in a coordinated way at the local level, and that also is bearing its fruits. You should see us continue to invest in our GTM organization.
Operator: We do have a follow-up question from Saket Kalia from Barclays.
SaketKalia: Thanks for letting me back in queue here. Vincent, you mentioned the Avira acquisition earlier. I was wondering if you could just comment a little bit about what you're seeing in sort of their end markets in Europe specifically? What are you seeing in that market -- maybe just to expand, what are you seeing in terms of Europe around market share in core antivirus as well as perhaps the opportunity to cross-sell your identity monitoring products in that geo?
VincentPilette: I think the latter part of your question is the right one. I still get the question around competition and is it like McAfee or Microsoft on antivirus? And what is -- we see the market cyber safety as much more broad. Antivirus almost being kind of a free or commoditized product and building up the cyber safety platform around identity, around privacy, around new digital services, if you want, is really where we see the demand. And in Europe is definitely driven by new concerns around identity and privacy. We introduced monitoring in many of those countries. We are trying to build a richer portfolio around Norton identity for all of those customers. And you touched, the opportunity to cross-sell currently strong focus on identity into an Avira freemium installed base is a huge potential. It won't happen over 1 quarter. Need multi-quarters to build that offering and drive that awareness and then that conversion. But it's a huge opportunity for us, for sure.
Operator: At this time, there are no more questions. I will turn the call over back to Vincent Pilette, CEO, for closing remarks.
Vincent Pilette: Excellent. Thank you, Chino. Well, let me be very short. Thanks for joining. Thank you for your support. Obviously, we'll continue to drive our business towards our long-term ambition, and we look forward to connecting with you very soon. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes the conference call. Thank you.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-02-04 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for standing by. My name is Ann, and I will be your conference operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the NortonLifeLock Fiscal 2021 Third Quarter Earnings Call. Todays call is being recorded and all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. At this time for opening remarks, I would now like to pass the call over to Ms. Mary Lai, Head, Investor Relations. Miss, you may begin.
Mary Lai: Thank you, Ann, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the NortonLifeLock fiscal 2021 third quarter earnings call. Joining me today to review our Q2 results are Vincent Pilette, CEO; and Natalie Derse, CFO. As a reminder, there will be a replay of this call posted on the IRwebsite along with our earnings slides, press release and supplemental materials defining our non-GAAP metrics. Id like to remind everyone that during this call all references to the final metrics are non-GAAP and all growth rates are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. A reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP measures is included in our press release which is available on our IR website at investor.nortonlifelock.com. Todays call contains statements regarding our business, financial performance and operations, including the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our business and industry, which may be considered forward-looking statements and such statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, and speak only as of the current date. For more information, please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release and the risk factors in our filings with the SEC and in particular our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 3, 2020, and recently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. And now, I will turn the call over to our CEO, Vincent.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you, Mary, and good afternoon, everyone, I hope you are all safe and well. As we embark on 2021, I think its important to recognize the sense of uncertainty and the ongoing challenges that we all face as individual or as a society. Despite the social, economic and health issues we are facing, Im hopeful that collectively we will emerge stronger and more united. At NortonLifeLock, the safety and well being of our employees is our utmost priority, and I want to thank each and every one of them for facing all those challenges, while continuing to show a deep commitment to drive our vision of protecting and empowering people to live the digital life safely. A lot has happened since our last earnings. On top of delivering another solid quarter, accelerating our growth and adding some exceptional talent to our team and our Boards, we also are proud to have been recognized by the Human Rights Campaign Foundation for earning a top score on the 2021 Equality Index. We are proud of the diverse backgrounds represented by our entire team at NortonLifeLock and we remain committed to building an inclusive company. We know that delivering on our vision cannot happen without a committed, talented and diverse team. In December, we announced LifeLocks first acquisition. Now that the deal has closed, we are excited to welcome Aviras employees, customers and partners to the Norton family. We are really excited by the opportunity to provide Aviras 30 million users and over 1.5 million paid customers the benefit of the Norton plus Avira offering. Together we are now privileged to help protect over 80 million consumers globally as we embrace the important responsibility we have in securing their digital lives. We are also quickly working to leverage Aviras strong presence in Europe, which now also includes BullGuard, a U.K.-based cybersecurity company that Avira added to their business last year. On top of extending our reach deeper into EMEA, we look forward to adding Aviras and BullGuards capabilities to our portfolio. Before I dive into Q3 results, I want to revisit two key post-transition commitments we previously set as a standalone NortonLifeLock company. From returning to a growing customer base at first since 2014 to delivering over $1.5 annualized EPS, I am proud to say that we have established the company on the trajectory of sustainable and profitable growth. We are a strongest cybersafety company today. 100% focused on protecting and empowering consumers to live their digital life safely. While we are proud of these achievements, we know we have a tremendous responsibility to deliver a portfolio that stays ahead of cybercriminal. We dont take this lightly. As we innovate and work to keep our customer safe, we know that we will be transforming our company for richer portfolio and extended consumer reach and were just getting started. In Q3 we delivered solid growth and accelerated our momentum. Revenue was up 6% and non-GAAP EPS grew 52%. Reported billings growth was 10%, our first quarter of double-digit growth. We are closing the fiscal year out strong, and more importantly, were well on our way to creating a meaningful and sustainable growth business. Leading the growth momentum, our partner business posted double-digit revenue growth of 15%. Retail was strong in the quarter, performing well through eTail and during the holidays. Internationally, Japan was particularly strong as it relates to identity theft protection solutions, such as dark web monitoring and ID Advisor, sold through partners and retailers. Finding the right opportunities and markets to build and expand these long-term partnerships is one of our key strategic focus areas to broaden our reach and bring cyber safety to more consumers in underpenetrated markets. Stay tuned for more developments in this area as we continue to transform the company. Our direct-to-consumer revenue, which represents the majority of our business was up 5%. We saw broad based growth across the portfolio, as well as strong performance through the holiday season. While our America business is considerably larger than the rest of the world, the international growth rate continues to show strength and outpace the Americas. In the quarter, our direct business grew double digits across multiple countries, including Germany, France, Australia and New Zealand, where we have recently added dark web monitoring into our Norton 360 offering. This is part of our strategic push to expand Norton Identity products internationally and bring more comprehensive cyber safety offering to international consumers. We definitely have more room to grow here, especially with the synergies and extended global reach we will be leveraging with Avira and the freemium model. In Q3, our direct customer count grew over 300,000 sequentially and close to 900,000 year-over-year, bringing our total count to 21 million. This was our fifth straight quarter of net direct customer add sequentially. Our customer retention rate remained stable at 85%. Our industry leading monthly ARPU, average revenue per user also remained strong at $9. Both metrics are strong indicators that our current customers see the value of our products. Notwithstanding the effect of tenure and geographical mix, we continue to see opportunities to improve ARPU as we enrich the cyber safety value offered to our customers and to improve retention rates, especially in the early years of the customer journey. One of the key contributors to our customer count growth and retention success continues to be the Norton 360 integrated platform, the first truly integrated cyber safety offering in the market. At the end of Q3 approximately 60% of our installed base are using Norton 360. This platform is designed to provide a comprehensive protection while driving higher customer engagement. This level of adoption shows that our approach to provide an easy-to-use platform and comprehensive protection through a membership model resonates well with our customers. And were working hard to continue bringing new functionalities, simplifying the membership plans and constantly improving the user experience. The combination of Norton 360 platform, our international expansion efforts and our strategic shift to new forms of digital marketing is working and bringing cyber safety to new customers. Looking back at the last 12 months, weve welcome approximately 4 million new customers to NortonLifeLock, the majority of which was on Norton 360. Were seeing early improvements in renewal trends, with this newer customer cohort. Were engaging with this customer differently, communicating with new alerts, measuring what works, what doesnt and were able to scale product launches more effectively through our in-house e-commerce platform. At the heart of all of this, its our technologies and accelerated pace of innovation that enabled us to be nimble in bringing new and incremental value to customers. Sometimes we may run the risk of failing fast, but the reward is that we learn even faster to translate that into success as we move to own the consumer cyber safety category. With the ever expanding scope of cyber crimes and the acceleration of the numbers of attacks that weve all witnessed in the news, we know its critical to focus on product and service innovation to help keep consumers digital lives safe and to raise the overall awareness of consumer cyber safety across all audience. We plan to continue to release new products and features at an accelerated pace that we have not achieved in years. Let me tell you about a couple of them launched in Q3. As part of our global expansion efforts, we successfully launched Norton ID Advisor in Japan powered by LifeLock. Here we specifically targeted retail and service providers to reach new audiences and increase awareness on the value of dark web monitoring. One of the differentiators in this product is the access to a dedicated ID restoration specialist, a Japanese speaking service agent to help resolve fraudulent claims from start to finish. Another example is our enhanced Norton 360 Mobile experience, which provides customers access to their device security, online privacy and identity features through one single easy-to-use app, making it easier for customers to access and manage their cyber safety tools from one dashboard. This is another example of our commitment to bring a richer and simpler experience to consumer cyber safety. Looking back, we have demonstrated our continued commitment to grow the topline, drive discipline operating leverage and pursue value creation for all stakeholders. Its important to me and our entire leadership team to build credibility and a sustainable and growing financial track record. Its also worth noting that behind our strong third quarter performance, you will find a very passionate team working hard to fulfill our vision to protect and empower people to live the digital live safely. We think customer first. We innovate and grow. We scrap it. We own it. We open. We are authentic. These are the core values we live by. And making the world cyber safe is what inspires us. Finally, before I pass it to Natalie, Im excited to share a little more detail on our recent additions to the Board. Sherrese Smith is Vice Chair and partner at Paul Hastings, a prominent global law firm. She brings extensive international experience in data privacy, cybersecurity and breach response issues. Similarly, Emily Heath, DocuSigns Chief Trust and Security Officer brings significant experience in information security, data privacy, in addition to being a key contributor in creating consumer trust to digitally transform an industry. They are both passionate and accomplished leaders, while already valuable member of the Board team. And now let me turn the call over to Natalie for more details on the financial results.
Natalie Derse: Thank you, Vincent, and hello, everyone. For todays discussion, I will focus on non-GAAP financials starting with our Q3 results and then provide our outlook for Q4. We delivered strong performance in Q3, with growth year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter across our key metrics. Our Q3 revenue was $639 million, up 6% year-over-year and above the high end of our guidance. We accelerated reported billings growth to 10%, including a 2-point positive impact from FX in our ending contract liability balance. Our growth momentum was driven by broad base strength across all geos and products, as well as a successful holiday season. Our total direct customer count increased to 21 million, adding 334,000 customers quarter-over-quarter and 876,000 customers year-over-year. This was our fifth consecutive quarter of net customer adds sequential. Our customer retention rate, an unit retention metric remained stable at 85%. Our monthly average revenue per user or ARPU was over $9 this quarter, up 1% year-over-year and stable quarter-over-quarter. As we continue to grow our customer base, it is important to note that our first year ARPU and retention rate for newly acquired customers is generally lower than our total average. As we explore new business models and add more customers globally, ARPU can vary as our mix changes. We will look for opportunities to improve ARPU and first year retention as we continue to grow and diversify our business. We are still in the early innings, but our go-to-market efforts are beginning to take hold. We are leveraging our distribution channels to reach more customers globally. We accelerated growth and our direct business in Q3, driven by our growing renewable base. As we continue to add new customers, we are seeing positive data points and retention directly correlated with our Norton 360 membership suite. As we have accelerated the pace of our innovation and launched new in-demand products and features, we are beginning to see improvements in our cross-sell and upsell efforts. And we have the opportunity to accelerate further, as we expand our reach to new audiences and continue to foster growth in our loyal customer base. In our partner business, Q3 revenue grew 15% year-over-year. We continue to make strides internationally signing new partnerships that we expect will scale over the long-term. As we have noted in previous conversations, these partners sales cycles are longer, taking one year to two years or more to realize. We continue to invest in these partnerships for the long-term as they are strategically important for us to expand our reach. Next, Q3 operating margin was 51%. Weve remained focused on driving operational discipline and prioritizing investments in product innovation and diversified marketing. With R&D, we continue to accelerate the pace of product introductions, growing and expanding our product portfolio, and providing an increasingly differentiated value proposition for consumers. With marketing we continue to invest to drive new customer acquisition, as well as diversify our spend into more digital and international channels to help widen our audience. Measuring and ensuring effectiveness along the way. We are disciplined in our approach and we will continue to invest in sustainable growth. Q3 net income was $229 million, up 44% year-over-year. Diluted EPS was $0.38 for the quarter, up 52% year-over-year and at the high end of our guidance range. We are now operating above the $50 annualized EPS level and have established a strong foundation to build upon. As we look to the future, we will continue to prioritize EPS expansion, while taking advantage of the sustainable growth opportunities. Turning to our cash flow and balance sheet, Q3 operating cash flow was $293 million and free cash flow was $291 million. For a few quarters now we have been generating more than $900 million in annual free cash flow, excluding stranded costs. We ended Q3 with over a $1 billion of total cash and a $1 billion of undrawn revolver capacity. We continue to have a strong liquidity position and are levered at approximately 2 times net debt. Now a quick update on our real estate assets held for sale. We see a lot of activity and interest in each of our properties and recently agreed to terms for the sale of one of our buildings in Mountain View. The buyers are expected to complete their due diligence in our fourth quarter. While weve seen a lot of interest and continue to be an active discussions on all properties, we remain focused on achieving fair market value for the remaining assets for sale in Mountain View, Dublin and Tucson. Let me spend a few minutes specifically on capital allocation. In Q3, we returned approximately $207 million to shareholders in the form of our regular quarterly dividend and share repurchase. In the quarter, we paid a dividend of $12.5 per common share. Despite the limited open trading window, we were active in the last month of the quarter and deployed $133 million and purchased 7 million shares. As of the end of Q3, there was approximately $420 million remaining in our $1.6 billion share buyback authorization, which we expect to continue to deploy opportunistically. As described in the press release, the Board of Directors approved a regular quarterly cash dividend of $12.5 per common share to be paid on March 17, 2021 for all shareholders of record as of the close of business on February 22, 2021. Before I move on to our Q4 outlook, let me provide an update on Avira. As you heard from Vincent, we closed the acquisition of Avira in January, which falls in our fiscal fourth quarter. While it is early, the integration process is well underway and on track to plan. As a reminder, we expect to add approximately 3 points of growth to our total revenue and be financially accretive in the first year, targeting to achieve 50% operating margin post-synergies within six months. Now turning to our Q4 outlook. We expect Q4 revenue in the range of $655 million to $665 million, which translates to high single-digit growth year-over-year. We expect non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $0.37 per share to $0.39 per share, assuming stable currency rates and share count dilution from Q3 buybacks. Our q4 outlook includes the partial impact of Avira. As we enter the last quarter of our fiscal year 2021, we are proud to have achieved all of the long-term commitments we set when we stood up NortonLifeLock, including revenue growth of mid-single digits, operating margin at 50%, generating annualized free cash flow of more than $900 million and an annualized EPS of $1.50. Achieving all of those is a true testament to our renewed focus on execution and building a consistent and sustainable track record. We look forward to closing out the fiscal year strong with accelerating momentum and a scalable foundation and were excited about the tremendous opportunities ahead. Thank you for your time today and I will now turn the call back to the Operator to take your question. Operator?
Operator: Yes, maam. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Gregg Moskowitz from Mizuho. Your line is open.
Gregg Moskowitz: All right. Thank you very much. Good afternoon, guys. Congratulations on a good Q3.
Vincent Pilette: Hey, Gregg. Thank you.
Gregg Moskowitz: So, Vincent, youve invested a lot more in marketing over the last 12 months and it seems pretty clear, inclusive of these results, that youre -- that youve already seen a really good yield on those investments. So looking forward, how much more room for improvement do you see with regard to driving traffic to the site and increasing monetization?
Vincent Pilette: Yeah. And its important to note that your marketing investment is never done in a vacuum, right? Weve also launched Norton 360 a year and a half ago, we introduced a bunch of new products and new functionalities into our overall portfolio, and we started to accelerate the spend or at least the penetration of certain international markets. I think as we continue to play on all three levers, including the marketing spend, if you want, well be able to continue to show a good growth and with the acquisition of Avira, it may be an accelerated growth as we move forward.
Gregg Moskowitz: All right. Perfect. And then you mentioned in your prepared remarks that youre seeing early improvements with newer customer cohorts and thats interesting, because typically that first year renewal rate is, of course -- the first year renewals, of course, the most challenging. So my question is, your retention has been extremely stable at 85%. And I know its early, but given some of the improvements that youre seeing, is there potential to get that retention higher?
Vincent Pilette: I think its still early, as you mentioned, the first year and the second year retention is where we have the most improvement to achieve. If I look at the out years, for those who are in the full portfolio, we achieved the 90% plus retention on a unit basis. And so we see the full potential between first year and that 90% is the improvement needed. It has many different operations, increasing the engagement, showing the value, adding new functionalities. The results I mentioned is mainly on Norton 360, when we have the ability to show cross category values if you want to the users. Weve seen better retention rate in the first year than standalone product and still early to say, right? Were still in the early phase of renewing the early adopters of Norton 360, but were very encouraged by what the numbers show.
Gregg Moskowitz: All right. Terrific. Thanks. Maybe just one quick one for Natalie. So the billings growth of 10% reported 8% constant currency. I just wanted to confirm that none of that includes Avira, and then also, how much of Avira is sitting in deferred revenue as of Jan 31st? Thank you.
Natalie Derse: Yeah. Thanks for the question. Just really quickly, Avira is not in our Q3 results at all. And so whether you think about growth or you think about the liability balance any of that its not going to be in our financials until Q4.
Gregg Moskowitz: Okay. Even though it was closed at the at the end of January, its not fitting in on the balance sheet at all, is that right?
Vincent Pilette: Thats correct.
Gregg Moskowitz: Okay. Fantastic. Thanks for the clarification. Nice job.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Saket Kalia from Barclays.
Saket Kalia: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions here and congrats on the quarter.
Vincent Pilette: Thanks, Saket.
Saket Kalia: Sure. Vincent maybe first for you, just maybe zooming out a little bit, can we just talk a little bit about Aviras freemium business model and sort of how you see that complementing what Norton currently offers?
Vincent Pilette: Yeah. Let me zoom out even one more. We definitely see more and more consumer moving the activities online, the pandemic has only accelerated that movement and I think a lot is here to stay. Along with that, as you know, cybercriminals are adapting and weve seen an increase in activity theres. And the awareness from a consumer standpoint to have a cyber safety protection is more relevant than ever. We feel good about where we are as a company both investing as we discussed organically and in organically. We have a platform, the cyber safety integrated platform weve launched, Nolan 360, covering three pillars security, privacy, and identity protection and restoration. And then along with that, we said, were going to continue and accelerate the growth by doing three things. One is, accelerating our penetration of international markets. The second one was to, while we doubled on a direct-to-consumer go-to-market model, explore new go-to-market models, partner with companies like terrorists [ph] to penetrate Canada or explore new business models. Obviously, a membership plan was the first in the market for cyber safety. Well continue to build on that. And the third one is adding new functionalities. We came with some title, et cetera. When I think those three dimensions Avira plays in all three, expanding internationally, obviously, they are very strong in Europe. We were number three market share in Germany with Avira, we moved to number one and we accelerate our growth across Western Europe. And Avira to penetrate internationally, many markets will be different in asset. The second one, which you mentioned, which is the free model, going to market in different ways is very important. We have the direct-to-consumer premium model. We are doing B2B to C activities and trying to bring combined solutions to consumers. The free model for us is just one more tool in our toolbox. As functionalities could become more commoditized, we can have an offer first access for all consumers to cyber safety using some of those in a freemium model and then using the muscle of cross-selling and upselling and converting to the full portfolio over time. So its a way of acquiring those eyeballs, if you want an experience of on cyber safety to then later on demonstrated that -- thats a value without spending more in marketing. And the third element is they had a few nuggets in their technology. They have very nimble and creative engineering teams and theres some functionalities, like we mentioned, the gaming booster functioning from Bulgaria. We can integrate into our gaming additions of Norton 360. So well continue to look at their capabilities from a portfolio perspective to enrich our overall experience. So thats how Avira plays into our growth moving forward.
Saket Kalia: Got it. Thats really helpful. Maybe for my follow-up for you, Natalie. Great to see the uptick in that adds this quarter. I guess the open-ended question is, was there anything on conversion rates or renewing cohorts? I mean, it sounds like the renewal rate was maybe a little bit better, but was there anything that surprised you, especially looking at the net ads last quarter versus this quarter. What sort of changed as you look back at sort of the tea leaves?
Natalie Derse: Yeah. Thanks for the question. So look weve seen consistent customer adds with five quarters in a row. If I take a look -- if I step back and take a look at just this fiscal year, 600,000 net new ads in the first-half, now 300,000 in Q3, with growth across the Board, across geos, across product lines and positive contribution from holiday. Now to answer your question around renewal and conversion. Yes, we are seeing early improvements in our renewal rates related to our new customer cohorts. And now look its early, but I would say the Norton 360 platform is definitely helping us. Its gaining good traction with now nearly 60% of our base. And so all in all of thats helping us to sustain that strong 85% overall retention.
Saket Kalia: Got it. Very helpful. Thanks guys.
Natalie Derse: Thank you.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brad Zelnick from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Vincent Pilette: Hey, Brad.
Brad Zelnick: Great. Thank you so much. Hey, Vincent. Congratulations on a great quarter.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you.
Brad Zelnick: And to the team as well. I wanted to just touch on international a bit more. Its nice to hear about the success that youre having in Japan. And I was hoping you can just better -- help us to better understand the international opportunity broadly away from the freemium asset that you get with Avira, obviously that gives you a lot more reach. In which theaters does the value prop translate best, where might there be just too much competition and how should we think about the cost of reaching these markets?
Vincent Pilette: Yeah. When you think about international, 70% of our business is still in the U.S., 30% international. So when you look at the geographical mix of the overall market, its clear to see that we are underpenetrated internationally. So from a core security first entry point if you want, Avira will definitely be a strong help. But where we add a real differentiator is when we bring our expertise in privacy and identity management and restoration from LifeLock and make it in the form of an international proposal, which was always the intent when we bought LifeLock, but it was a late to come, as we were trying to find a first angle with dark web monitoring, which is really protecting your multiple digital identities that you have out there. We see a lot of very good positive feedback from consumers and so now adding to that dark web monitoring activities, the restoration and helping the consumers to restore claims when there is some, its definitely also a value-add and a differentiator. I think that opportunity to push Norton Identity international is broad across many countries and well start with the big one. Japan was the first one where we got real, which we expanded into Australia, New Zealand, Germany, U.K. touching France and we will continue to penetrate actively all of the interesting markets.
Brad Zelnick: Thank you. That makes a lot of sense. And maybe just a follow-up for Natalie, specific to the Avira deal. Can you share with us when exactly in January did it close, just so we can understand how much of a contribution it might have this in Q4 and going forward? And as well, whats assumed in guidance in terms of contribution and if you can speak to the deferred write-down, like, whats the mix of duration in their portfolio? Thanks.
Natalie Derse: Yeah. The Avira deal closed on January 8th. And so, yeah, thats when it closed. In terms of the guide, we definitely have partial impact Avira in. We have shared with you the contribution on revenue just from a growth perspective. And then from an EBITDA perspective, we will -- we have folded them in and well look to really drive the business hard to get the synergistic savings weve communicated to you over the next six months.
Brad Zelnick: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Fatima Boolani from UBS. Your line is open.
Natalie Derse: Hey, Fatima.
Vincent Pilette: Fatima you might be on mute.
Operator: Ms. Boolani, your line is open.
Fatima Boolani: Hey. Sorry about that. Maybe Ill start with you, Vincent. And just with respect to Avira and some of the things you mentioned in your prepared remarks around, maybe introducing some Norton LifeLock functionality into that base. I know youve been very categorical about keeping the premium brand premium and the Avira freemium brand freemium. And so Im curious how you bridge that gap with some of the goodness of the LifeLock capability without diluting the pricing power and the branding around Norton LifeLock. And then I have a follow-up for Natalie, please.
Vincent Pilette: Yes. And the great news with our business -- digital business, we can run a lot of experiments. So we are not concluding yet from a brand perspective. But definitely there is a way to get new consumer or address consumers on the freemium model, which has certain functionalities, mainly commoditized, provided value with commoditized. And then its about adding the past for upselling and cross-selling the different functionalities that today are either differentiators or offered at a premium to the market. And as we discussed, our long-term success is based on that pace of innovation, introducing new functionality all the time. As cyber criminality is evolving, we continue to increase the overall level of protection for consumers, from dark web monitoring to restoration services, focus on privacy identity, all the next level. We obviously have a very rich funnel of new ideas that we working on. And so the freemium is one way, if you want to get the first access to then see more closely the value of the overall portfolio. For the short-term as you mentioned, were going to keep Avira separate as one brand and Norton on the other side, but obviously we testing different way in terms of branding.
Fatima Boolani: Fair enough. Natalie, maybe shifting gears to you around the strength in the partner segment of the business. You gave some very helpful color around these partnerships take longer to get off the ground and its an area of investment for you. But Im wondering what -- how we should think about some of the key drivers of strengths in this quarter within the partner business and what are some of the largest components in the partner business that we should be thinking about going forward? And thats it for me. Thank you.
Natalie Derse: Yeah. Thanks. So from a partnership perspective, its pretty diverse. Weve got a lot of different channels within the partnership business. Overall, we grew 15% year-over-year and we saw relatively broad-based strengths across all of those different channels. The one that we are really very excited about and really plays to our strengths is employee benefits. Employee benefit is really -- is a great distribution channel that widens our audience, but brings users very close to our book of business as we have the direct relationship with those users or those customers and so were really, really excited about that. But overall for the quarter, just overall -- just generally speaking broad stroke growth across the partner side.
Fatima Boolani: Very helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Hedberg from RBC Capital. Your line is open.
Matt Logan: Great. Yeah, thanks. This is Matt Logan
Vincent Pilette: Hey, Matt.
Matt Logan:  filling for Matt Hedberg. Natalie, if I could just follow-up on Fatimas question. I would think Q4 is going to kind of be the strongest quarter for that employee benefit segment. Could you just talk a little bit more about kind of trends that youre seeing in this year from that area?
Natalie Derse: Yeah. I would say, I hear you on the timing in terms, of course weve got to figure out from an employee benefits calendar. Most people really get started understanding what partners theyre going to do business with, et cetera, as those annual enrollments come later in the year. So we are definitely working hard. The employee benefits channel for us has been pretty consistent. We have been really working across the employee benefits channel to gain more partners and to really get our Norton 360 value proposition out there and really get the education and the audiences widened through the employee benefits channel. And then as we look forward, again, just to reiterate, we love this channel and we want to make sure that we are working with the partners in the right way. Theres a lot of different size and types of partners that we can go after from a growth perspective and were just really excited to take advantage of the opportunity. But youre right, the time is now. I mean -- and you really have to pay attention to when those employee benefits annual enrollments are. So were trying to get after it for sure.
Vincent Pilette: And Matt, if I can add to that, taking back outside of the channel, Q3 traditionally has been more of a Norton quarter and then Q4 has been more of a LifeLock quarter aligned to the tax season in the U.S., where most of our business is protecting identity. So from that perspective on the identity side here coming into this quarter, we expect a very strong quarter built into Natalies guidance. Now, we also are closing Avira and doubling down on Norton Identity internationally. So thats not linked to the tax season, but it is definitely new areas, whether its markets or product positioning, if you want for us to continue to accelerate our growth.
Matt Logan: Thats really helpful. And then Vincent, obviously, maybe not the first security company when youre thinking about your core customer base as far as impact from Sunburst, but when a major breach like that is front page news all over the place. What do you think that does for the demand environment? Just in terms of kind of mind share and awareness being front and center for consumers around security and breaches?
Vincent Pilette: I think you probably right. The first level is continue to increase awareness. I can tell you the highest retention rate is when we have customers who have been breach and we help them restore what theyve had and they customer for a long, long time. And then the rest its about really building up the awareness that its not just breach of your old data or your devices, but its breach of your personal data and access to your -- as an identity, if you want or digital identities now. And I think the same than the pandemic, when more activity move online, as we mentioned with that cyber criminals are adapting and have a wider scope to play in. And its upon us, as a company, Norton LifeLock to continue to build a portfolio to show the relevance and staying a step or two or three ahead of those risk that consumer faces.
Matt Logan: Thank you for the time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Keith Weiss: Excellent. Thank you guys for taking the questions. I think most of my questions have been answered, just a couple of clarification questions, if you will. In terms of ARPU, is there any significant differentiation between like the international average ARPUs and the U.S. that we should be keeping in mind on a go forward basis?
Vincent Pilette: Yeah. I think the value perceived by markets obviously changes. The value perceived by -- also the pillars that you subscribe to into a membership level also changes, right? So if you are a Norton 360 level three customers that has most of the security password managers, VPN access, its one level ARPU. If you add identity protection and if you add identity protection and restoration, the ARPU will grow. And therefore from that perspective, LifeLock being mainly in the U.S., we are getting a higher ARPU in the U.S. And then as you move into
Keith Weiss: Okay.
Vincent Pilette:  Western Europe, we start to add some of those identity protection and restoration, so we able to grow APRU, although it is less than our aggregate. And then if you move into more international closer to emerging markets, well have lower ARPU. The way weve think about it is really about a set of all combined levers by cohort and by market. So in aggregate, we may have a pressure on the ARPU our retention rate, but as long as we continue to grow more customers and by cohort or by markets continue to improve the value we deliver to customers. Were moving into the right direction.
Keith Weiss: Got it. That makes sense. And then on Avira for Q4 explicitly, is it 3 percentage points of growth in Q4 or did you not give an explicit number for the Q4 contribution as of yet?
Vincent Pilette: Yeah. So overall the business will contribute on an annual basis at about 3 points if our revenue grows.
Keith Weiss: Okay.
Vincent Pilette: Call it 75
Keith Weiss: How should we think about Q4 in particular in terms of your contribution?
Vincent Pilette: Yeah. Understand. Yeah. And Natalie mentioned, we closed Avira in the early months of January. Its not every quarter exactly the same that also a bit of seasonality. But if you modeled it, you are somewhat in the same level.
Keith Weiss: Okay. Got it. That helps. Great quarter, guys. Thank you very much.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Walter Pritchard from Citi. Your line is open.
Walter Pritchard: Hi. Two questions
Vincent Pilette: Hi, Walter.
Walter Pritchard: Hi. How are you doing, Vincent?
Vincent Pilette: Good.
Walter Pritchard: Two questions for you on the kind of product side. One relative to the mobile product, can you update us there on, what youre seeing on phones and tablets and conversions and how youre thinking about that strategy as you move into next year? And then a lot of focus here on the channels and benefit channels and so forth run Identity, Im curious if youve, as you sort of put the marketing dollars into the channel -- into direct channels, how you thought about some of the device attached channels, PCs and other things that might attach traditional sort of security sales and circling back on those markets as youve understood customer acquisition here better?
Vincent Pilette: Yeah. Let me take the product first. Forgot the question. What is the question again on product?
Natalie Derse: Mobile.
Walter Pritchard: On mobile.
Vincent Pilette: Yeah. Mobile. Yeah. Mobile. Sorry. Sorry. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So mobile, very important user experience, right? And we acquire through multiple channels. I know in the past as security started on a device, then on the desktop, then moved on the laptop, then moved to a mobile. I get very often the question of, well, do you need security on new cell phone, for example? And the answer is weve moved to a user centric view of cyber safety, which includes security, but also identity and privacy. And we see a lot of our customers using their cyber safety dashboard and tools, boards on this stuff and on tablet or cell phones. And therefore mobility from a user experience perspective is hugely important to us, simplifying that experience as we continue to enrich the value is also a core element of our investments. So youll see more around simplifying making cyber safety easy to use, to consume and giving consumer full peace of mind. In term of the channels, we have a direct-to-customer and Ill pass it to Natalie. And we have a second angle, which is partnership. It is very important for us to continue taking that user perspective to work on B2B to C offering, combining our value-add with other offering to provide full total protection to consumers, depending on their situations. And I think thats the one we approach. Its not only device hardware centric world, but its really a user service centric world that we taking as an approach. Natalie, I dont know if you want to add anything on.
Natalie Derse: Yeah. I was just going to add, look, from a customer acquisition perspective. We dont necessarily plan to the eyes of just LifeLock versus Norton. And I would say, its about reach, its about expanding audiences, its about doing it in an effective way, in an efficient way. So from our channel reach perspective we focused in the last year, really trying to diversify. Of course, historically, weve been more on the long form TV and radio. Weve been diversifying into online digital channels so that we can get really relevant and interesting content out there. We can diversify the users that are coming to our platform. Weve got really, really strong brand awareness. Weve got brand strengths that we will continue to leverage and strengthen in the market as we diversify and really try and attract new customer acquisition, as well as get the word out there on all of our product innovation or product introductions as we build and strengthen the Norton 360 suite.
Walter Pritchard: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next question is coming from the line of Yi Fu Lee with Oppenheimer.
Yi Fu Lee: Hi. Thank you for taking my question and congrats on another strong set of results. A question for you guys Vincent or Natalie. Just on the capital allocation front, in terms of the free cash flow, the number is now about $250 million to $300 million each quarter. I was wondering if you could just remind us on the capital allocation plans. But then to like any areas that you look to further in that, I know you just went through to other acquisitions. Just want to get your heads around how to spend this cash flow generation?
Natalie Derse: Yeah. Thanks for the question. Ill take it. Our capital allocation strategy remains relatively unchanged. And what I mean by that is, we have said, we are -- weve been -- for the last couple of quarters been on track to generate $900 million of analyzed cash flow. And from a capital allocation perspective, weve talked about three main tenants, the first one being the dividend, which we paid the regular dividend in the quarter. And then as we progress, we said we would strike the right balance to approach as it pertain this opportunistic share buyback and acquisition. And so the actions in Q3, I think speak for themselves, in terms of, if you look back and you think back to approximately November, and all things considered, now you guys know why we didnt necessarily, we had the acquisition activity going on. As soon as our trading window was open, we opportunistically bought the share buyback to the extent of $133 million. And so, as you take that into account high say-do ratio in terms of leveraging and maximizing the value of our capital allocation tenants. And you look forward, I would -- its going -- our strategy remains unchanged. We will continue with the quarterly dividend and then strike that right balance on opportunistic share buyback. But weve not been shy to say that we are interested in M&A activity, especially as we look forward and look for those sustainable growth opportunities.
Yi Fu Lee: Thanks for that now. Maybe just one quick one, like, in terms of like areas that you intend to look at. I know theres international opportunity youre taking care of that gave me the opportunity as well like, Vincent like, just talked about our heads are now like which area of focus next?
Vincent Pilette: Yeah. Well, it all started with a vision, right? We want to both protect and empower, everyone thats connected to the internet to live their digital life safely. Thats our vision and that gives us a wide range of opportunities to fulfill that we have not fulfilled yet. And so when you look at our overall strategy, I would say, number one is continue to scale up the cyber safety platform, three pillars today, security, privacy, and identity, and building that up. As we continue to do that, adding digital services that address the vision is very important and well continue to do it increasing into the gaming verticals with new functionalities not integrating some of the bull guard functionalities that are really interesting. And so we have a long list if you want of opportunities that we are working with our engineers and our product people. And then the third element of course is to continue to expand outside of the U.S. to be a truly global in reach out everyone, if Ive been connected to the internet that have digitalized on line.
Yi Fu Lee: Thanks for that Vincent and Natalie.
Vincent Pilette: Yeah.
Operator: The next question will be coming from the line of Gregg Moskowitz with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Gregg Moskowitz: Okay. Great. Thank you for that follow-up. And first of all apologies for earlier of your billings related question, so many simultaneous earnings calls, so many January ending quarters. So got thrown for a moment there. But I did have a follow-up for Natalie. So I know that youre a data-driven executive just given your background and now that youve been in this seat for several months. I guess Im wondering, are there opportunities to leverage data in a way that you think is translating or potentially could translate into more business for Norton LifeLock?
Natalie Derse: Oh! Absolutely. I would say and I dont know how I would answer that question. No, we just have opportunities everywhere. I think from a value and in culture of put the customer first, we have so many opportunities to use analytics to get closer and closer to the customer and understand their behaviors, understanding their needs and wants and how we can serve back the best. If I get into specifics, of course, we will continue to build out our marketing analytics, every -- but its not just in a silo. When I think about marketing analytics, I think customer analytics and its about making sure that we are at the very top of the funnel, expanding our audiences in a diverse way, in an efficient way and making sure that weve got the content out there that really showcases our value proposition. Everything from the expanding Norton 360 integrated platform in the suite of products that Vincent has talked about and whether you talk about where youre at in the funnel, in terms of whether youre brand new and we need to explain the value that we can bring to consumers globally or if you are an existing customer, perhaps, on the security side and we can find ways to share the value we can bring to your life from an identity perspective. Theres just so many opportunities to just get to as close to the customer as possible, understand where they are in their journey and in their life, and really use data analytics to predict, how we can take that next step in the customer journey. There are so many opportunities to build that out.
Gregg Moskowitz: Right. Thats great, Natalie. Thanks very much.
Natalie Derse: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: And that question will be coming from the line of Shaul Eyal with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Shaul Eyal: Thank you so much for squeezing me in. And in addition to use of prior question, Vincent, I have more of a technology related question. I think also it is related to your Japan launch. When I look at your note and ID Advisor and your solutions associated with the gaming industry, theres definitely plenty of dark web capabilities. Are these capabilities home grown? Do you actually use your own sensors in the dark web or is it facilitated through some third-parties? Thank you for that.
Vincent Pilette: Yeah. So we have -- as LifeLock had a mix of integrated third-party technologies and own algorithm that builds on top. So its a mix of the two and well continue to build upon that to offer it not only in Japan, but across all countries. Someone was asking, hey, if you launch it in Japan, why dont you launch in all countries internationally, exactly for that reason, because you want to adapt your data architecture, your sensors and your approach to the country and the data thats relevant in each country. And so, we taking a country by country approach to build-up and the solution.
Shaul Eyal: Thank you.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you.
Operator: At this time, there are no more questions. I will turn the call back to Vincent Pilette, CEO for closing remarks.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you, Ann. The overlap between the physical world and the digital world continues to grow. More and more activities are moving online from shopping to socializing, almost every aspect of our life has a digital component. Unfortunately, many of those activities are left unprotected or weakly protected at best leaving many doors open for cyber criminals. Our vision is to protect and empower people to live their digital life safely. And while we have already accomplished a lot, since we launched Norton LifeLock over a year ago, were just getting started. We plan to leverage our leading technologies and integrated product portfolio, our relentless focus on customer experience, our trusted global brand, our unmatched scale in direct distribution, as well as a growth focus financial model. If I have to summarize it in four words, I would say, our future is bright. Thank you for joining and for your support, and we look forward to connecting with you very soon.
Operator: This concludes today conference. Thank you everyone for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2020-11-05 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon everyone, thank you for standing by. My name is Paul, and I will be your conference operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the NortonLifeLock Fiscal 2021 Second Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time for opening remarks, I would like to pass the call over to Ms. Mary Lai, Head of Investor Relations. Ms., you may begin.
Mary Lai: Thank you, Paul and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to the NortonLifeLock fiscal 2021 second quarter earnings call. Joining me today to review our Q2 results are Vincent Pilette, CEO; and Natalie Derse, CFO. As a reminder, there will be a replay of this call posted on the Investor Relations website along with our earnings slides, press release and supplemental materials to finding our non-GAAP metrics. I'd like to remind everyone that during this call all references to the final metrics are non-GAAP and all growth rates are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. A reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP measures is included in our press release which is available on our IR website at Investor.NortonLifeLock.com. Today's call contains statements regarding our business, financial performance and operations, including the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our business and industry which may be considered forward-looking statements and such statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations and speak only as of the current date. For more information, please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release and the risk factors in our filings with the SEC and in particular our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 3, 2020, and recently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. And now I will turn the call over to our CEO, Vincent.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you, Mary. Good afternoon everyone, I hope you are all safe and well. Before we begin, I want to thank our employees and our partners for the hard work and dedication to help protect consumers as more and more of our everyday lives move online. We know that cyber criminals are taking advantage of this shift and I'm proud of our team for continuing to design products and the release features that support our vision of cyber safety for everyone. And to our loyal 50 million customers, thank you for trusting us to secure a growing portion of your digital activities. In Q2, we delivered reported billings growth of 7%, revenue growth of 5%, and EPS growth of 100%, closing out a strong first half of fiscal year '21. Our revenue now exceeds $2.5 billion in annualized run rate and we are beginning to string together strong quarters where we meet our target of mid-single digit revenue growth, while at the same time delivering solid operating leverage. Let me unpack a little bit on the topline. Our direct-to-consumer business, which represents 90% of our business was up 5% in Q2 with broad-based growth across the entire portfolio. We now have over half of our installed base on Norton 360, and we will continue to release new products such as dark web monitoring, a privacy manager assistant either as add-on features or standalone product. Our goal is to constantly bring new value to our subscribers around the globe and keep them cyber safe across the growing digital activities. We also continue to invest and expand internationally with international growth, slightly ahead of the Americas. Direct acquisition grew double-digits in many countries such as the U.K., Italy and Spain, in Europe and Australia and Japan in EPG, just to name a few. With less than 30% of our revenues outside North America, we remain relatively underpenetrated in many countries offering us an opportunity to broaden our reach. Partner revenue, which represents 10% of our business and includes relationships with telcos retailers and employee benefits, brokers grew 7% in Q2. While retail remained weak during this period, we delivered double-digit growth in the employee benefits program with strong signings of new employers and strong retention rates across broad sectors. Overall, we continue to develop our partner relationships to increase the reach of our solutions to all consumers. We are currently working on rolling out and expanding our solutions with some of our more recently announced partners like ARP in U.S. or TELUS in Canada. Internationally this quarter, we also signed the telco deal in Europe and had a key retail win in Japan. These relationships take time to build, but they are an important part of our long-term growth opportunity. As you all know, we've put a lot of focus on growing our direct customer count, which now totals $20.7 million. This quarter marks our 4th consecutive quarter of net customer adds sequentially, and the second consecutive quarter of net adds, year-over-year. Since we became a standalone consumer company a year ago, we have welcomed over $3.5 million new customers. While we know this is just a drop in the bucket compared to the opportunity to bring Cyber Safety to everyone, it is a meaningful change from the years of declining customer count when we were part of Symantec. Our customer retention rates, a unit retention metric remain stable at 85%, and our monthly average revenue per user remained strong at over $9. Our integrated platform Norton 360 resonates well with consumers who face multiple challenges to the digital lives and prefer comprehensive protection plans. We will continue to drive customer acquisition and engagement through marketing investments, partnerships, and more importantly, product innovation. We are focused on both developing great products and bringing an integrated platform to consumers to provide cyber safety while we work, learn, shop or socialize online. For example, with the rise of gaming and eSports, we saw an opportunity to help gamers protect and control their accounts, their personal and digital goods. We develop the customized solution Norton 364 gamers designed by fellow gamers at NortonLifeLock. We know gamers prefer to focus on playing not worrying about cyber criminals. So we felt there was a real need to bring comprehensive cyber safety to the gaming world. While our solution delivers many of the features you would expect like threat detection, firewall, and password manager, we've gone further and included dark web monitoring for game attacks a first for the industry. With this feature, we will monitor and notify you if we find new personal information on the dark web, including new game attacks, user IDs or passwords protecting your virtual goods acquired in games. Another dramatic change in our everyday lives has been in how our kids learn whether it be for school or other educational activities so much more of this is now done online. Our recent study shows that the majority of parents say they get screened time as sky rocketed during the COVID-19 pandemic and unfortunately, over half of the parents said that they've now just accept certain risks to their child's online safety. To help make life a bit easier for parents, this quarter, we introduced Norton 360 with LifeLock for family, and all-in-one plan to help protect the entire families devices, identities, and online privacy through one subscription fee. This family plan also includes a new feature called school time, which helps children stay focused on school work while remote learning by managing access to the broader web. So sorry to kids, no gaming during school hours. While the threat posed by the availability of few personal information online is not new, the shift of more and more of our lives online makes privacy as important as ever. Recently,  we've expanded our privacy offering with privacy monitor assistant and made it easier for consumers to reclaim control of their personal information and defend against identity test. Data brokers collect and profit from all your data they compiled such as you home address, phone number, employment information, and social media profiles. Privacy monitor assistant helps automate and take the guesswork out of removing your personal information from the Internet. These are just a few examples of how our innovation are keeping consumer cyber safe. And there is definitely more to come as we build cyber safety for everyone. Growth and innovation are our primary focus. But it's worth noting that as of the end of August, we had removed all stranded costs related to the sales of our Enterprise business. This was four months ahead of plan. I want to thank our transition team for making possible and we now building operational execution into our DNA. And with the transition behind us, we have reaffirmed our partnership with Broadcom by licensing the Symantec enterprise software and security engines as well as continued sharing threat telemetry and analytics. We are very well positioned for the future. Before I pass it to Natalie, I just want to recognize our responsibility to help create a safe and sustainable future. Yesterday, we released our first corporate responsibility report as NortonLifeLock. We encourage you to read the report and learn about how we view corporate responsibility and support our communities. Those efforts were just recognized last month by Forbes and JUST Capital. It is an honor to be named one of America's most JUST companies and be recognized for our commitment to serve all stakeholders with integrity and accountability. We also know we have so much more we can do in this area and we will stay committed to corporate responsibility and contributing to building a cyber safe world. And now let me turn the call over to Natalie for more details on the financial results. Natalie?
Natalie Derse: Thank you, Vincent and hello everyone. For today's discussion, I will focus on non-GAAP financials starting with our Q2 results and then provide our outlook for Q3. Q2 performance was better than expected. We delivered growth year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter on many key metrics. Our Q2 revenue was $626 million, up 5% year-over-year excluding ID Analytics. Q2 reported billings was up 7% year-over-year, including a two point positive impact from FX in our ending contract liability balance. We continue to gain momentum in both our direct and partner business. This was our 5th consecutive quarter of mid-single-digit billings growth another step in building our consistent and sustainable track record as a standalone company. We increased our total direct customer count to $20.7 million adding 117,000 customers sequentially quarter-over-quarter and adding a 608,000 customers year-over-year. We saw customer expansion across our regions and key product categories within security and identity. Overall, our customer count growth is highly correlated with our go-to-market efforts including our increased marketing investment. Our priority is to invest for sustainable growth and we have seen record customer acquisition these past couple of quarters. We are still in the early innings of evaluating changes in our customer cohort dynamics, but we remain committed to our marketing investments, so long as we continue to see the opportunity for growth. We will not take our foot off the gas pedal. We will continue to invest in developing our product offering portfolio and drive awareness and demand efficiency through our marketing and sales channels. In our partner business, revenue grew 7% year-over-year, largely driven by the continued momentum in our employee benefits channel that Vincent alluded to earlier. We are also continued to make progress on some of our more recently announced partnerships. For example, TELUS is starting to roll out our solutions nationally across Canada expanding beyond the provinces of Alberta and British Columbia. Remember, these partner sales cycles are much longer taking one to two years or more to realize. These relationships are ones that we foster over the long-term with the potential to scale meaningfully as we grow with our partners. Q2 total company operating margin from continuing operations was 50% including approximately $10 million of stranded costs. Excluding stranded cost the consumer business, margin was above 51% and Q2 head count was below 2500. While we have been operating at 50% excluding stranded costs since the divestiture, this quarter marked the first time we have met our long-term target of 50% margin on a total company basis. We will continue to operate in a disciplined manner and expect to maintain similar levels going forward. We are pleased to report that at the end of Q2, we have fully eliminated all stranded costs. Since the divestiture, we have eliminated a $1 billion of costs and right-size the company. This quarter we have also closed out all outstanding payments and claims with Broadcom, including TSA activities and as Vincent mentioned we entered into a licensing agreement with Broadcom. Looking forward, our financials will be clean of stranded cost and transition related items. Q2 net income was $215 million, up almost $100 million, and up 85% year-over-year. Diluted EPS of $0.36 was better than expected, up 100% year-over-year driven by solid execution on top line growth, the removal of our final stranded costs and favorable FX. Before turning to cash flow, let me give you an update on the remaining sale of underutilized assets. We remain confident in our efforts to reach our goal of $1.5 billion total cash proceeds, which is up from the initial $800 million target. So far, we have realized approximately $875 million of total cash proceeds including the sale of our Culver City real estate in July for $120 million. Our remaining underutilized assets are comprised of our real estate assets in Tucson, Dublin, and Mountain View. We continue to be in active discussion with interested parties for those properties and will remain disciplined in our approach to achieve fair value. Net operating cash usage was $113 million in the quarter. Impacting cash flow this quarter were the last of the stranded costs, the close out of transition related items, the licensing agreement with Broadcom and the timing of certain tax payments. Adjusting for these non-recurring items, the business continues to operate at a level of $900 million in free cash flow on an annualized basis. Turning to our balance sheet, we continue to have a strong liquidity position. We ended the second quarter with over $2 billion in total liquidity with a cash balance of approximately $1 billion and another $1 billion of undrawn revolver capacity. Let me spend a few minutes on capital allocation. In Q2, we returned approximately $80 million to shareholders, predominantly in the form of our regular quarterly dividend. We have $573 million remaining of our $1.6 billion share buyback authorization, which we will deploy opportunistically. In addition, as described in the press release, the Board of Directors approved a regular quarterly cash dividend of $12.5 per common share to be paid on December 16, 2020 for all shareholders of record as of the close of business on November 23, 2020. Looking ahead, our commitment to deliver long-term shareholder value remains unchanged. Our resilient and highly recurring business model will afford us the flexibility to be nimble, when it comes to investing for growth. We are continuously evaluating opportunities to drive profitable and sustainable growth, whether it's through product or technology innovation. entering adjacent markets, geographic and channel expansion or consolidation. We will have a disciplined and strategic approach with our capital allocation as well as with our investments. Now turning to our Q3 outlook. We expect Q3 non-GAAP revenue in the range of $625 to $635 million, which translates to approximately 4% to 5% growth after normalizing for the ID Analytics divestiture. We anticipate the non-GAAP operating margin to be approximately 50% and expect non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $0.36 to $0.38 per share assuming stable currency rates and share count sequentially. I will now turn the call back to the operator to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Saket Kalia of Barclays. Your line is open.
Saket Kalia: Natalie maybe just to start with you, I think next quarter is going to be the first time that we start to see growing cohorts of subscribers up for renewals. And so the question is can you just talk about what you are expecting in terms of churn rates and perhaps ARPU impact even qualitatively, as we start to see that really for the first time?
Natalie Derse: Yes, thanks for the question. So as it pertains to annualizing into that increased marketing spend and the customer growth that we've seen now for a few quarters now, were seeing the early indicators look very positive, very consistent. When I look at and step back as to let's talk about five quarters ago when we made the decision to increase the level of marketing spend, up from that $200 million annualized level to about $300 million annualized level, we are now spending roughly about $75 million quarter. As we ramped up that spend we not only spent more reaches to reallocate to more efficient channels, more spend in digital, more spend deployed international we've had expansion in affiliates and along the way less and less in TV and radio. We saw a lot of growth in our customer acquisition units in bookings and exchange for the spend, which you would expect, but now that we're fully anniversaried into that spend level, now it's time to as you're saying really look at the customer cohorts and the behavior attributes and how they differ from what we historically have been used to on an ongoing basis. We obviously will spend a lot of time doing that. But what I would say here on the call today would be as we move forward, we will continue to fund and invest for growth with the expectation that we will expand even further internationally and have our dollars work even harder for us. We will focus on acquiring attracting new customers to our products and solutions that we have in those markets, and along the way, we definitely will have mile markers to assess the cohorts of the customers that we got, how much it costs to acquire those and how we can navigate those new customers through our experience in the funnel.
Saket Kalia: Vincent for my follow-up for you, with the McAfee being a public company now. Now I think we all see their performance in competing consumer business and the growth is indeed faster than what Unlock and of course Unlock has accelerated growth, but it is faster. And so I'm curious if you can just talk about what you think Unlock, can do to help bridge that gap on growth. Does that makes sense?
Vincent Pilette: Yes, no it makes still a sense. I think there is one very positive news with McAfee making their numbers public in that everyone start to realize that protecting consumer as they move more and more of their lives into the digital world is actually a growing market. Up to now, I think there were still this conception that maybe we're coming from the new technology and a PC driven environment, I think the realization that we are very user-centric and that maybe so unique view that we have with LifeLock, but user centric. It is more and more of applications we can address and the market is a vast growing market. If you sum-up today in the industry, the consumers that pay for stand-alone cyber safety you get less than $100 million. Yet, we have 1 billion of people using the Internet to leave the digital lives and that's a growing market. So I think positioning this as a growing market was the right call, you've seen us changing the momentum as we are busy with the focus of transitioning out the Enterprise activities if you want. Were now fully dedicated to that market invest for growth and we look forward to accelerate our growth in the long-term. Our goal is to - as I mentioned reach everyone.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from Gregg Moskowitz with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Gregg Moskowitz: So I guess a bit of a follow-up to Saket's question, but with an increasing work from home environment, the number of average devices per family offices has gone up, the online activity on these devices has gone up as you alluded to earlier, Vincent. And because of that, is there an opportunity for you to generate more growth for both Norton and LifeLock on a sustainable basis. How do you think about that?
Vincent Pilette: No, absolutely, I think the opportunity again to address all of the challenges linked to the fact that our large move online, it's not just the number of devices, is not just the basic activities of shopping, it's not as I mentioned and as you recognize the whole set of education. It's about gaming, it's about socializing, all of those activities are moving on creating new opportunities for cyber criminals to take advantage of your data and your virtual assets. So that's a huge growing opportunity. We always had that as the investment thesis as you recall a year ago when we sold the enterprise business, which it is a huge opportunity to focus solely on the consumer aspect. We're building our capabilities, we're increasing the velocity of innovation, you've seen us launching new products at the more frequent rate, some are good learnings, although we doubled on investments, and we continue to tweak our portfolio to address those opportunities. I think in the long run, we feel really, really confident, we move from frankly a division that was focused on maximizing cash to now focusing on growth. We returned to mid-single digit growth. Let's build a sustainable machine if you want to then be able to really provide again - I'll repeat it cyber safety to everyone rights, billion of people connected to the Internet. On the 100 million people paying for standalone cyber safety.
Gregg Moskowitz: And then just as a follow-up, the improvement in net new subscribers over these last few quarters really impressive, especially in the last couple. Do you have any very high level sense of how much of this improvement is perhaps attributable to COVID, as opposed to your expanding marketing program and your increased focus on execution?
Vincent Pilette: Yes. And it's sort of combined. And I would also say the introduction of Norton 360 the first integrated platform making cyber safety as kind of one umbrella protection a reality. Look, if you step back a year ago, we said we're going to grow mid-single-digit, and is going to be a balanced approach, is going to come from new subscribers, improve retention and then the cross-sell and up-sell opportunities and you've seen a very balanced results if you want, turning positive new customer - more new customer coming then those leaving improved retention rate now on the unit basis reaching 85% and then ARPU that continue to be solid and growing. I think achieving that structurally mid-single-digit growth rate in our mind was always a balanced view. Last quarter, we definitely had a boost from COVID-19, but the underlying structural change in everybody's life moving more and more of activities online is a reality that fear too last, and as you know, cyber criminals adapt fast and we'll find new opportunities to steal your assets, steak your data, and I think people need to realize they need to be protected when theyre online.
Operator: Our next question comes from Fatima Boolani with UBS. Your line is open.
Fatima Boolani: Just my first one for you Natalie, with respect to the guidance, I'm wondering if you can walk us through any seasonality considerations that we should be mindful of either headwinds or tailwinds that you're considering, and I have a quick follow-up on the ARPU metric?
Natalie Derse: Yes, thanks for the question. So from a seasonality perspective, I think if I look back historically, there are some ups and downs as it pertains to a little bit in as we head into the holiday season, especially with the electronics gifting and then folks wanting to make sure that they're protected. Of course, from an annual tax perspective, we usually see a bump when the income tax are due but honestly as we look back and some of the breaches that we've had and now with COVID largely speaking, the seasonality has been kind of muted out in combination with the fact of with the ratable business model that we've got for a revenue guide perspective, I would say it's very muted from a seasonality perspective.
Fatima Boolani: And just on the ARPU side, I just - excuse me, wanted to parse through the strength there. I continue to be impressed with the sequential in year-over-year growth in spite of the fact that you've introduced some lower ASP products into the mix to Ignite subscriber growth. So I'm wondering if you can kind of parse through SG what's really creating that upward tension on ARPU again in spite of the introduction of some of the lower ASP feature functionality that you've rolled into the NortonLifeLock family and that's it from me. Thank you.
Vincent Pilette: Yes. And Ill take that one and as I also mentioned to you guys the first year price is a promotional price and the second year renewal price get to the full value. And so normally when you grow your customer count you definitely also have headwind on that first year ARPU. Despite that growth, we're able to maintain very good ARPU overall and that's a testimony of the team, we've seen a broad-based growth this quarter across the more security angle of our membership, but also across identity, which as is coming at a strong ARPU. We've been very disciplined on almost every metric, driving solid retention, not marketing with promotion, were marketing with the message and the value we deliver to consumers and so and so that's the result you've seen very solid retention and ARPU despite the fact that we're growing overall. Now with that said, I do want to say that the focus for us is really to build innovative product. We are not looking at a single price for the product in relationship to the ARPU. We looked at how much value we can add to the customers basket to build that overall cyber safety umbrella.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Walter Pritchard with Citi. Your line is open.
Walter Pritchard: Question for you on international and you mentioned 30% here. And it seems like most of your initial efforts in driving the marketing the subscribers have been domestically. Can you talk about how you think about the sort of efficiencies you can get around additional marketing spend, or allocating spend internationally and where you are in terms of deploying that and having that try to start to help drive some momentum on the subscribers?
Vincent Pilette: I'll pass it to Natalie on marketing, but I do want to say that we also rolling Norton 360 the first integrated platform across all countries. We've launched dark web monitoring in Japan and in Australia. We definitely very active as we feel we are under-penetrated in those markets. Yet the need for cyber safety our global needs and so definitely international is a huge opportunity. Natalie?
Natalie Derse: It is a huge opportunity and I would extend what Vincent said into the marketing. We just started in over the last few quarters to really deploy more of our marketing funds on an international basis, and even when you look at our business with 70/30 U.S. international split, it is just right for opportunity and then when you think about the under-penetrated space that we can enter into and from a marketing perspective as you diversify into those new markets and introduce your product and solution offering that value proposition to those new customers. We feel really, really bullish about what we can do by deploying our marketing there. Incrementality very, very clear. When we look at it from a marketing perspective and a payback perspective, the incrementality is just - is definitely a very strong indicator for us to continue to invest there.
Walter Pritchard: And then just a follow-up on that question on international, what's the update on LifeLock and being able to deploy that type of a service internationally. And do you expect as you do drive international subscribers and have seen a lower ARPU just given you don't have that offering in many of your markets?
Vincent Pilette: Yes, maybe, but again, I'll start with the last part of your question, which is retention in ARPU outputs metrics as you know. We are focusing on the input. How do we bring that cyber protection to consumers, which should be incremental value, whether it's a lower per unit or not it's incremental value. So that's our focus. When you look at the overall umbrella today of cyber safety, it includes the basic securities. But it also includes you privacy angle. It includes you identity protection, and restoration, it include how you connect with your family and protect that family. So we are around 4 pillars, and we're looking at almost at all 3 levers. How do we add value across the pillars we have. How do we look at different business model to go and deliver two doors consumers, and how do we make sure that we reach and retain locally while do we have a global business model and really important to drive our message on the local level. And so I think that's the angle we view. We view this incremental growth opportunity international as an overall way to reach every consumer to provide the cyber safety.
Operator: At this time, there are no more questions. I will turn the call back to Vincent Pilette, CEO for closing remarks.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you, Paul. We are now one year into the journey as NortonLifeLock, and I can't tell you how excited our team is about the future. We sit in the middle of an ongoing and accelerating digital transformation of our daily lines. And as a team, as a company, we believe we are perfectly positioned to not only make all those every day online activity safer, but to also deliver control a few data, your identity, and your assets back to you as a consumer. Relentlessly we will pursue that mission. So, thanks for joining our call today. Thank you for your support and we look forward to connecting very soon.
Operator: This concludes the conference call. Thank you for joining.

===== 2021 Q1  (2020-08-06 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Fiscal 1Q '21 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today Soohwan Kim, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Soohwan Kim: Thank you. I'm pleased to welcome you to our call to discuss our first quarter fiscal '21 earnings results. We posted the earnings materials and slides to our Investor Relations events webpage. Speakers on today's call are Vincent Pilette, NortonLifeLock's Chief Executive Officer; Natalie Derse, Chief Financial Officer. This call will be available for replay via webcast on our website. I'd like to remind everyone that all references to final metrics are non-GAAP, unless otherwise stated. Please refer to the supplemental materials posted on the Investor Relations website for further definitions of our non-GAAP metrics. Please note non-GAAP financial measures referenced during this call are reconciled to their comparable GAAP financial measures in the press release and supplemental materials posted on our website. We believe our presentation of non-GAAP financial measures, when taken together with corresponding GAAP financial measures provide meaningful supplemental information regarding our operating performance for reasons discussed below. Our management team uses these non-GAAP financial measures in assessing our operating results as well as when planning and forecasting future periods. We believe our non-GAAP financial measures also facilitate comparisons of our performance to prior periods and that investors benefit from understanding our non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures are supplemental and should not be considered as a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Today's call contains forward-looking statements based on conditions we currently see. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current date, and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. In particular, our statements regarding the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our business and industry, our sale of our Enterprise Security assets to Broadcom, any anticipated benefits from such sale and cost reductions associated with this transaction are subject to a variety of risks. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information. You will also find a detailed discussion of our risk factors in our filings with the SEC and in particular, our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 3rd, 2020 and recently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Let me now turn the call over to Vincent.
Vincent Pilette: Thanks Soohwan, and good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Since we closed the sales of the enterprise business, we committed to return to customer growth, drive sustainable revenue growth, completed overhaul of the cost structure and deliver a healthy profit. In just our second full quarter at NortonLifeLock, our first quarter of fiscal year 2021, we delivered better-than-expected results with strong reported billings growth of 9%, revenue growth of 4%, and EPS growth of 48% year-over-year. As we created NortonLifeLock, we believe in the potential of the business solely focused on building personal cyber safety for consumers. We initially set our sights on sustainably and meaningfully growing customer count and delivering revenue growth in the mid single-digits. In Q1, we delivered both sequential and year-over-year 400,000 net new customers a first since 2014. Revenue growth was 4% meeting the long-term objective of mid single-digit in just our second full quarter. At the end of June, we eliminated 95% of the stranded cost, and we expect to be done this month, one quarter ahead of plan. In Q1, included stranded, we reached 47% operating margin for the company, up 15 points year-over-year and expect to reach 50% by September, another one of our commitment. If you exclude the stranded cost, the consumer business has been running above 51% better than our operating margin target of 50%. Our Q1 EPS was $0.31, which included a $0.04 impact from stranded cost and is up $0.10 year-over-year. By the end of this fiscal year, we expect to run the business at a target of $1.50 annualized EPS, which can be achieved by virtue of mid single-digit revenue growth, operating margin above 50% or utilizing our remaining 600 million share buyback program or some combination of any or all of them. Finally, we projected to run the company at 900 million annualized free cash flow after the transition period. While we have been and are running at that level in Q1 excluding cash spend on stranded cost. We are trucking for those levels to be reflected in our cash flow statement, once our financials are clean of stranded cost in the second half of this fiscal year. As we demonstrated the operational discipline with which we want to continue to operate, we made it a priority to build out our post-transition leadership team. This quarter we welcomed new and accomplished leaders with deep experience in consumer technology. Natalie, who you will hear from in a minute brings operational skills with a growth mindset. Overall, we added seasoned leaders from very successful consumer technology companies. These leaders are joining us for a mission to bring cyber safety to every consumer around the world. We believe the company is uniquely positioned to seize the tremendous growth opportunity. Our initial level to restart the growth was to increase our marketing spend, which as you know is our main way to reach new consumers and educate them on the benefits of our solutions. As we maintain a consistent messaging level in the market, we saw increased efficacy. Our overall customer acquisition cost continue to benefit not just from lower ad rates related to COVID, but also from our own initiatives to shift marketing spend to new digital channels including search, social media, and digital video. In terms of reach despite the global strength of the Norton brand, we had not invested in international marketing in recent years. We reversed that in Q3 fiscal year '20 and we are beginning to see the results from those investments. The strategic shift in our marketing efforts have broadened our reach and we are making steady progress in reaching younger and international customer cohorts. As of the end of Q1, we count 20.6 million customers who buy our products or services directly through our e-commerce platform. This represents an increase in net customer by 379,000 sequentially and 416,000 year-over-year. Our Q1 growth was broad based with growth across the board, the portfolio, and the geographies. We grew both in the U.S. and internationally across all regions. The increase in international customer count outpace that in the U.S. another first in a long time here. Supported by trends like work from home, virtual meetings, and online shopping and transacting, we saw both our security and identity product categories grow sequentially and year-over-year another first in a very long time. Our average revenue per user or ARPU remained strong at $9.03 per month even as we recorded strong net additions. Our retention remained very strong as well at around 85% suggesting that customers recognize the value and stay with us for long time. In addition to our direct business, which accounts for about 90% of our revenue, we also have a partner organization developing new ways of distributing our offering to individuals. In Q1, we grew our indirect revenue 11% year-over-year. In retail, our performance in Amazon and other e-tailers offset the weakness from traditional stores being shut down or operating with limited hours. Our indirect sales also benefited from the strong performance of employee benefit programs, our fastest growing partner channel. We are seeing strong growth from new employee acquisitions and greater participation within existing employers. Furthermore, while we are still in the early stages, I'm also pleased to report progress in our long-term partnerships with organizations like TELUS and ARP. Also it takes time to develop and ramp up new relationships. We believe in the long-term potential to expand our reach and continue to grow. Growing through new marketing channels and various forms of partnerships and consistently messaging our value proposition to them is extremely important. Our new Chief Commercial Officer, Robert Clarkson has significant experience building out global partners and platforms over his tenure at PayPal. His passion is around consistently delivering the customer experience throughout the customer journey and lifetime. That is the reason we regrouped our direct, indirect and renewal sales organization under his leadership. Our vision is to keep people around the world cyber safe. We believe it is our responsibility to provide everyone with innovative products and solutions to protect and control the digital lives. That vision was the impetus for creating the Norton 360 integrated platform and we believe customers are starting to see it. The vast majority of new customers are now coming directly to Norton 360. And as of the end of Q1 over 40% of our installed base was on Norton 360 up from approximately 25% at the end of Q4. These penetration is important as it enables us to offer comprehensive cyber safety and the one common experience to seamlessly upgrade our platform with new features like Home Title Protection and to increase the engagement and with the retention of our customers. Some of our platform features might continue to be offered as standalone products where it makes sense for our customers and help accelerate the growth of our company. Last quarter, we talked about SurfEasy VPN, as an example of a standalone product. This quarter I want to share a new example that demonstrates how we constantly are looking at new ways to protect people and the highly dynamic digitalize. Some customer want help limiting the public availability of the own personal data. Serve the web and you will likely see that a lot of your personal information that you may not want out there is readily available such as name, age, addresses phone numbers. Privacy Monitor, which is available as a feature with Norton 360 with LifeLock stands for personally identifiable information or PII accessible on the most popular people search websites. But taking control of this data is tedious at best and often too complex. Recognizing this consumer need, we developed and better tested a product called Privacy Monitor assistant. It's a white glove service where our agents assisted by software find and delete all your PII on this data broker website. Wouldn't you pay for a reasonable fee to secure your personal information. It's still early, but we have seen positive response so far, and we think this capability has tremendous value for our customers. This is a good example of how we can continue to fulfill our vision by protecting our customers and enhancing the control they have over the digital lives. It's also a good example of how our service capability combined with software can differentiate us from competitors. We have a large customer base that constantly uses our service and provide us with insights we can turn into new features or products. Growing through innovative products and solution is key to fulfill our mission. That is why we have put product management and R&D under our new Chief Product Officer, Gagan Singh. Gagan has a passion for technology and in particular how artificial intelligence and machine learning can help build cutting-edge product. He was particularly interested in our internal research team and their capabilities. This June our research team released Botsight, which can be downloaded for free as a browser extension or iOS app in the targeted efforts to enable people to identify this information on the Twitter feeds. Botsight technology is based on machine learning and leading-edge algorithm. It looks at over 20 different distinguishing features such as age of the account and tweet frequency to detect twitter bots and show them directly on feeds in real time. We are now looking to advance this technology and extend this capability to other use cases and threats. Before I pass it to Natalie let me take a minute to step back and talk about our vision to deliver cyber safety to every person across the globe. Even before the world was starting to turmoil our mission was relevant as the digital world is taking over how we work, learn, shop and basically live our lives. Now with COVID-19 our mission is more important than ever. Clearly, this pandemic has accelerated people's reliance on technology and we are seeing the impact of that increased activity online to the number and variety of attacks on consumers. Attackers have elevated the techniques on stealing information, disrupting sites and cascading malware through phishing attacks, camouflage the tracing apps, social engineering portraying COVID vaccines and poisoned website eliminating stimulus benefits. All resulting in an increased need for security, identity protection and restoration and privacy solutions. These are just a few of examples of the many threats facing us now, that's more of our everyday activities are done digitally. So once there is a lot of uncertainty at the macro level, one thing is certain, there is a real need for cyber safety for individuals, families and homes through innovative products and expanding distribution channels. Our mission is to meet that need and provide cyber safety to everyone. And with that let me pass it to Natalie to give you more details on our Q1 financials.
Natalie Derse: Thanks Vincent. Before I dive into our results, let me first say how excited I am to join NortonLifeLock. I'm inspired by our mission to bring cyber safety to consumers worldwide and I'm energized to help drive that mission in my new role. Over the course of my career I've chosen to join companies where the mission and the brand are focused on helping people in their everyday lives. From GE to Black & Decker to eBay and now NortonLifeLock albeit leaders in different industries. These brands were all built on establishing trust with and delivering intrinsic value to their customers. Here at NortonLifeLock we must continue to deliver on our commitment to keeping consumer safe and then control their digital lives. This commitment combined with our incredible business model, an opportunity to drive accelerating growth is what drew me to NortonLifeLock. I look forward to working with our team to achieve our strategic aspirations. Now let me share our Q1 performance focusing on non-GAAP results. Q1 revenue was better-than-expected at $614 million, up 4% year-over-year. Q1 reported billings was up 9% year-over-year with the two point positive impact from FX in our ending contract liability balance. Billings growth was supported by customer -- growth in customer count increasing approximately 400,000 both quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. This was our third consecutive quarter of net customer adds and our first quarter of year-over-year growth in customer count in over five years. Diluted EPS was $0.31, up 48% year-over-year and exceeded our guidance range driven by strong execution on top line growth and removal of stranded cost. For the quarter total company operating margin from continuing operations was 47% burdened by approximately $30 million of stranded costs. Therefore excluding stranded costs, the business is operating at over 51% operating margin with headcount below 2,500. With approximately 95% of total stranded costs were moved through Q1, we are lowering our estimate for cumulative cash stranded cost to $650 million down from our $750 million projection last quarter. Q2 will be the last quarter with notable transition related costs in our non-GAAP financials. When the company first started this process eight months ago, we said cash sales proceeds will fund cash stranded costs. With strong execution on both cost and asset sales we are now projecting to deliver over $1 billion more cash than initially forecasted. As for the remaining sale of underutilized assets, we remain confident in our ability to reach our goal of $1.5 billion total cash proceeds. We are pleased to announce the recent sale of our Culver City real estate, which closed on July 27th for $120 million. As for our remaining underutilized assets, we remain focused yet patient on monetizing and realizing fair market value. We had another strong quarter of operating cash flow. We generated $170 million of cash flow from operations and spent only $1 million in CapEx. Cash flow was burdened by some one-time items this quarter most significantly about $100 million of stranded cash costs, which were partially offset by the timing of certain tax payments. Adjusting for these non-recurring items, the business is generating approximately $900 million of free cash flow on an annualized basis. We believe we are well capitalized with our Q1 ending cash balance at $1.1 billion and another $1 billion in our undrawn revolver. With our strong balance sheet and cash flow, we continue to return cash to shareholders this quarter. We cash settled the principal and conversion rates of our $625 million convertible note, which lowered our debt to $3.625 billion and reduced diluted share count by over 30 million shares based on our Q1 average stock price. As a reminder we still have approximately $600 million left of our $1.6 billion share buyback authorization and we'll continue to use it opportunistically. Now turning to our Q2 outlook. We expect Q2 non-GAAP revenue in the range of $615 to $625 million representing 3% to 5% growth after normalizing for the ID Analytics divestiture. We expect Q2 non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $0.31 per share to $0.35 per share with the business operating at approximately 50% profit margin when excluding stranded cost. Finally, I would like to thank Matt Brown for his leadership through the interim period and thank the entire team for their execution over the past eight months. I look forward to building on the strong financial foundation we have and delivering consistent results for our shareholders. Now let me turn the call back to Vincent for closing comments.
Vincent Pilette: Thanks Natalie. In the last eight months, we have turned NortonLifeLock into a growing leader with distinct competitive advantages. We have eliminated stranded costs. We have build a consumer-centric leadership team. We have reinvested into our go-to market model and reinvigorated our product development team. I'm proud to say we have delivered on all of our initial commitments, but as we have increased our execution capabilities, our ambitions have also grown where our sight set on our mission. Consumers are beset by constantly evolving cyber threats. Our current platform is just scratching the surface of what can be done and we now singularly focused on innovating on our consumer cyber safety vision. We have a large engaged customer base, terrific technology capabilities, and innovation pipeline and significant financial resources. Combined these things with recurring revenue high margins and significant cash flow and you can see why I'm super optimistic about our future and long-term growth potential. And with that we are now happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Keith Weiss.
Keith Weiss: The headline number from my perspective, of course, is almost 400,000, new subscribers added to the platform. That's the biggest sequential increase that we've seen in quite some time. And so maybe to start out, can you help us understand to certain extent, is this just like the programmatic stuff you guys put into place on the marketing side of the equation and particularly spending to international or is this kind of like a delayed reaction from work from home because you guys would see it a little bit later than kind of other people because you don't do sort of the bundling with OEMs. So it's more about getting sort of more PCs out there and you guys do your marketing against them. If you could help us understand kind of where that screen came from and how much of it do you guys think is going to be durable on a go-forward basis in terms of just adding customers to the platform?
Vincent Pilette: Yes, and as I do that, we have to go back to where we are coming from, right. When we broke out and decided to focus slowly on the consumer business how tedious has been that cyber safety will become more and more important for everyone as we move more and more of our activities online. And cyber safety doesn't just mean security, security for your device, security for you data. It also means privacy, protecting your identity, and including services to restore when it can't be prevented. So it's a overall rollout we know we have -- we are building in the long-term. There are a lot of applications and fields that we still need to fill in that portfolio and build up the category. So we believe the thesis if you want is long structural one. So that's number one. Number two is the division at the time under Symantec had not invested in marketing as we discussed in the past and we re-accelerated marketing as a way to communicate our message to consumers. We raised our marketing envelope by $100 million on an annual basis. We also said that the efficacy of that marketing investment, if you want, has to show up over time as we consistently deliver and spend in market. And then we started to tweak that marketing investment, moving to new channels of marketing, moving to new regions and starting to market in Europe, for example, where we had not marketed in the past. So those are our contributors, if you want, for the return to growth. And we said, hey, the most important is product. In April '19 we launched the first version of Norton 360 an integrated platform addressing four pillars security, privacy, identity protection and restoration and the entire family and homes if you want and we still are in the process of rolling that out. I believe it's very attractive for consumer to adopt that overall umbrella for membership fee having access to all of those areas and having a peace of mind. And then the last one is then COVID-19 happened and definitely it change the way people operate online. Is it a peak change or is it a step function. I don't know but we believe in the long-term view of building up our portfolio and creating awareness to drive growth.
Keith Weiss: And then and the underutilized asset sales. Can you just remind me what the like the remaining I guess the 600 million is in terms of the expected proceeds like what are those assets left to be sold?
Natalie Derse: Yes, Keith. This is Natalie, I'll take that one. We have few assets held for sale on our balance sheet including the three campuses that we have here in Mountain View as well as one in Dublin. We have active discussions with interested parties and albeit it's very hard to predict the timing of the sales especially given current conditions. Please note we are focused on striking the right balance between value, price and timing of those sales.
Keith Weiss: And then on the operating side of the equation. How should we think about the pace of hiring for you guys through FY'21 like where are you guys looking to sort of making investments where should we expect to see hiring and any kind of indications on the pace would be great?
Vincent Pilette: Yes. Absolutely. So before the pace, I want to say, we put a business model out there and we say, hey, we're going to grow at mid single-digit and operate the business at 50% operating margin and I don't have to remind you that eight months ago I think the majority of people were doubters. We delivered on that business model at least a quarter ahead of plan. I think we've proven we can operate at these levels. We reduced the headcount from the Symantec company 12,000 people, today where our business model should be around 2500. And for the first time in a long time, we shifted from restructuring to hiring talent where it makes sense. And I can tell you, it's definitely energizing for the entire company to talk about hiring the right talent, the right skill set. We are hiring engineers in Dublin where we are trying to create a prototype over there and we are hiring in threat analytics. So we definitely are building up the functions. We have a few new leaders. I mentioned Gagan and his passion around machine learning. Robert came in and has a passion around the customer life cycle. Both of them are coming up with proposal for investment to accelerate the growth. And I can tell you I'm super happy to have Natalie here. So I found my match in term of CFO skill set and she and I will partner trying to prioritize those investment to accelerate our performance.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Fatima Boolani from UBS. Please go ahead.
Fatima Boolani: Thank you for taking the questions, and welcome Natalie look forward to working with you. Maybe just to start if I can drill in onto the strength on the indirect side. You specifically called out strength from the employee benefits vertical. I'm wondering what were some of the steps you took to actually revitalize that channel and what investments or mechanisms or programs you have in place to sort of have this continue to sustainably help drive subscriber growth and then I have a couple of follow-ups.
Vincent Pilette: Yes. No, absolutely. So first of all the employee benefit program has been a grower channel for us or growing channel for us for a few quarters. This quarter it was very strong performance that offset the physical retail weakness of course. The overall proposal I think is the number activity. Norton 360 overall that offers with your identity protection also the security element is a big one. Today if you take employee benefit right at a very macro level. The U.S. company spent 37 billion on employee benefits. There 5.6 million employers and there are programs address a few thousand. So we want to bring on new and unique solutions to more employers and at a very basic level after obviously upgrading the platform, it's really about sales and sales coverage. So you'll see us continue in that area.
Fatima Boolani: And then just on the subscriber count growth both sequentially. I mean year-over-year. I wanted to get a better understanding of the demographic in terms of the age potentially socioeconomic backdrop and how that factors into your retention rate assumptions as we move forward provided that a lot of these more subs are very new to the Norton family. So I just wanted to get a better understanding of this profile of the new subscriber that's coming into the Norton ecosystem relative to the subscribers you had in the past outside some of the comments you made with strength from the international front and that's it from me. Thank you.
Vincent Pilette: No, absolutely. So we said it now for a few quarters. Our number one objective was to return the company to growth and the number one priority in our metrics was to attract more customers, so they can expand the cyber safety program. Moving into new demographics in term of age if you want to pyramid as well as new geographies was an important objective. As you know we are marketing in Europe, we partner with TELUS in Canada and then some of demography and reaching out. We are moving from traditional form of marketing into new reform social media digital videos. I was looking obviously quarter in quarter out, you cannot always map it. But I was looking at the long time two years trends. If you look at 2018, our Gen X plus baby boomers were over 70% of our total customers. Today that group is around 55% and the rest into newer cohorts. So we'll continue in that trend we'll continue with that effort. We launched a gaming addition of Norton 360 and as we develop programs we are going to have in mind this needs to reach out to all cohorts.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Saket Kalia from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Saket Kalia: Thanks for taking my questions here. Vincent, maybe first for you. I think you've touched on this in a couple of other questions. But can we just drill into subscriber acquisition outside the U.S.. Just a little bit more what markets are doing well and do you typically lead internationally with Norton over the LifeLock over the bundle just a little bit more meat on the bone in terms of what's working internationally?
Vincent Pilette: Yes, we're still refining our program, but I would say over the last couple of quarters. Specific last quarter mature countries in Asia, Japan, Australia and New Zealand in Europe, Germany, France, U.K. where high performance for us. We definitely pushing one message when it's come to marketing awareness, and it's under Norton 360. The ability and unique competitive advantage to offer a cyber safety blanket full consumers is our main value prop. This is our way to build that vision to ensure that everyone can get that digital lives pace. There are some cases where we lead with specific standalone products and that's market specific. We can go into more details, but overall we charge was Norton 360.
Saket Kalia: And maybe my follow-up for you, Vincent. I guess the question is, how are you thinking about market share in both the anti-virus and sort of identity protection parts of the business separately or together how you want to talk about it. And more importantly, do you feel like the changes that we're making at the company here are sort of sustainable in terms of market share.
Vincent Pilette: Yes. So I'm not upset by market share especially because today market the way they are defined are by pillars, you have the security traditional security pillar then you have the identity pillar, you have still forming once waste privacy. Privacy is the new frontier of security or own standalone set of market. Frankly, we really working, as we said about acquiring new customers and delighting those that we have and you've seen that we've done somewhat of a good job with our retention of 85%, but we continue to improve there and that's our major focus. If we continue to focus on innovation building up the portfolio and trying to build that cyber safety vision. I think that's the ways we want to run.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from the line of Walter Pritchard from Citi. Please go ahead.
Walter Pritchard: Hi, Vincent, and good to talk to you for the first time here Natalie. On the international, can you help us understand your marketing effectiveness. How you're -- what you're seeing in terms of measurement and marketing effectiveness internationally versus domestically. In other words I assume it still lags. How much does that lag relative to what the sort of effective as you've seen in the U.S.?
Vincent Pilette: I think if you're interested in FP&A role, we have a job for you. You're totally, right, you've seen it. We first invested in the U.S., we mature CAG. We had good return. We're now moving from traditional forms to digital forms are playing out ahead. Two quarters ago, we started to do international, international we started directly more digital and social media, leading the charge with Norton 360 as I mentioned. We're still building up new identity feature and privacy features and dark web monitoring being expanding into new countries in Asia next quarter into Europe. So we definitely are behind the U.S., but it's faster growing and we are very focused on building up that international presence. I think it's the huge opportunity for us moving forward.
Walter Pritchard: And how are you thinking about from a higher level, you've achieved the goal. I mean as you noticed earlier in terms of getting to the, you know, the mid single-digit growth at 50% margin. How are you thinking about the next step? Is it to push harder on the growth? Is it to preserve that margin? Is that's the optimal sort of marginal cost? I just curious how you're thinking about just philosophically the next step.
Vincent Pilette: So you have a new leadership team for them achieving mid single-digit was the entry point, okay. What's next. Where can we go? What do we do? This vision is fantastic and full of opportunity. And so we discussed and we agreed that accelerating the growth and making our solution more complete and available to more consumers is our number one mission. Now we are running the consumer business slightly above the current operating margin target. I'm not going to change it. So we still intend to run the business at 50% and some quarter we'll find operational efficiencies. We don't have an immediate reaction to spend it, but we have plenty of new ideas to fund to try to accelerate the growth if we're able and I think we will be in the long-term to accelerate that growth. I would say growing EPS faster than revenues is our segment metric. We won't be bounded by a ratio of percentage, it's really about accelerating the top line growing and growing EPS faster than revenue.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line Yi Fu Lee from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Yi Fu Lee: Thank you for taking my question and congrats on the strong results. Welcome Natalie and hope everybody is safe. I guess my question just a follow-up from the last question. In terms of the growth in the international data presence. I understand the last couple of quarters you invested in TELUS. I was wondering which market whether is it EMEA, APAC, Latin America would you say is the most critical for NortonLifeLock to invest at this juncture.
Vincent Pilette: Well, I think, we are global leaders. I have to invest in developing the portfolio and developing the marketing and sales channel. I have to invest indirect digital media and building up on the opportunity in the employee programs and with Natalie's help and I can tell you, she has a growth mindset, but very analytical. So when you use data to prioritize those investments. Canada is a huge opportunity penetrating the identity space internationally where digital identity and I would say [technical difficulty] are growing very fast all huge opportunity for us.
Yi Fu Lee: And then maybe one more follow-up, would it be Natalie or Vincent in terms of I understand the restructuring process. Again it's really ahead our plan and ahead of target. If you were to spend your investment dollars in the future in terms of other M&A or the investments you want to add to the large portfolio where would the dollar be spent on this areas?
Vincent Pilette: Sure. I'll give you main target. Look, we've earned the credibility of looking at also growth inorganically or organically. So our process really start with the portfolio and the market to build up cyber safety. What are the gaps in the other applications we can build on. And then we have real-time assessment on organic capabilities or time to market needs versus what already exists, whether it's a prototype of product or fully developed business. And then at the end of the day all matches it becomes a financial decisions. I think we've earned the credibility. We have the operational chart on the whole management team, leadership team and company including the Board is focused on growth from all sites.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And I have no further questions at this time in queue. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-05-14 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to NortonLifeLock's Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that todays conference in being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to the Soohwan Kim, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Soohwan Kim: Thank you. I'm pleased to welcome you to our call to discuss our fourth quarter fiscal 2020 earnings results. We posted the earnings materials and slides to our Investor Relations events web page. Speakers on today's call are Vincent Pilette, NortonLifeLock's CEO; Samir Kapuria, President; and Matt Brown, Interim CFO. This call will be available for replay via webcast on our website. As a reminder, in connection with the sale of certain assets of our Enterprise Security business to Broadcom on November 4, 2019, we changed our corporate name from Symantec to NortonLifeLock. The results of our Enterprise Security business were classified as discontinued operations in our condensed consolidated statements of operations and thus, excluded from both continuing operations and segment results for all periods presented. Starting in the second quarter of fiscal 2020, we operate in one reportable segment. Revenues and associated cost of our ID Analytics solutions, which were formally included in the Enterprise Security segment, are now included in our remaining reportable segment. On January 31, 2020, we completed the sale of our ID Analytics solutions. I'd like to remind everyone that all references to financial metrics are non-GAAP unless otherwise stated. Please refer to the supplemental materials posted on the Investor Relations website for further definitions of our non-GAAP metrics. Please note, non-GAAP financial measures referenced during this call are reconciled to their comparable GAAP financial measures in the press release and supplemental materials posted on our website. We believe our presentation of non-GAAP financial measures, when taken together with the corresponding GAAP financial measures provide meaningful supplemental information regarding our operating performance for reasons discussed below. Our management team uses these non-GAAP financial measures in assessing our operating results as well as planning and forecasting future periods. We believe our non-GAAP financial measures also facilitate comparisons of our performance to prior periods and that investors benefit from understanding our non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures are supplemental and should not be considered as a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Today's call contains forward-looking statements based on conditions we currently see. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current date and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. In particular, our statements regarding the impact with the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our business and industry or our sale of our Enterprise Security assets to Broadcom and the anticipated benefits from such sale and cost reductions associated with this transaction are subject to a variety of risks. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information. You will also find a detailed discussion about our risk factors in our filings with the SEC and in particular, in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 29, 2019, and recently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Let me now turn the call over to Vincent.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you, Soohwan. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. I want to start this call by thanking all our employees, as I know many of you are listening, each of you as persevered in driving our mission and supporting our customers while working from home and adjusting to this new reality. Our mission is to protect people's online activities, which has never been more relevant than today. And on behalf of all our employees, I also want to thank our customers for the trust you have placed in our products and in us. Our business is built around prevention, detection and restoration of potential damages caused by hackers. Managing and handling crisis is part of our DNA and then entire NortonLifeLock team is rising to the occasion, adapting ourselves and our processes to help customers in need as well as communities by donating time and resources. There is no other company I would rather be part of as we navigate the challenges that the world is currently facing. We are pleased to report better than expected results in Q4, the second quarter of NortonLifeLock as a standalone company. Consumer revenue was up 1% year-over-year in constant currency supported by bookings growth of 4%. We generated $0.26 EPS up $0.10 from a year ago, driven by strong execution and the elimination of stranded costs. In addition to year-over-year bookings growth of mid-single digits, we increased net customer count by 46,000 sequentially. We grew average revenue per users. We delivered industry-leading retention, while maintaining our operating profit margin over 51% when you exclude the impact of stranded costs. This was our second sequential quarter of net customer growth, adding over 100,000 customers in the last six months. For the first time since 2014, we've had two consecutive quarters of net-adds. Through the quarter we saw a steady performance with a strong finish in the month of March. However, we are still in the stabilization phase, especially in this current environment. The business is moving in the right direction and we believe that our focused execution will deliver consistent, sustainable growth over time. The need for our products is more present than ever, driven by working from home, virtual meetings, online gaming, streaming, e-Shopping, telemedicine, and numerous other online transactions and interactions, that put us all at risk from cyber criminals, looking to take advantage of this accelerated trend. As Samir will remind us all in a moment, our portfolio does a tremendous job protecting people from online threat, but it is not a static world. As the threats evolve with our behaviors and technology, we are focused on delivering a portfolio that protects each element of our customers digital life that is our mission. And we will know that we are succeeding, when these added products and features consistently deliver customer count growth, that is why it is our number one measure of success. Let me mention a few of these highlights now. This quarter we expanded our family offering. We offered free usage during the COVID-19 crisis. We received three awards from AV-TEST Institute for device protection solutions and weve made numerous other improvements to our platform and products. In April, we expanded our international reach and capabilities with the launch of Norton 360 with LifeLock in Canada. We have a long history of innovation here at NortonLifeLock and we know that product and innovation will be a cornerstone of our long-term success. Our fourth quarter performance not only reflects the strong execution of our team but also demonstrate the resiliency and opportunity of our business model. We sell direct-to-consumers with minimal reliance on physical partners, delivering high-value at a relatively low ARPU, plus over 95% of our business is recurring. Considering these challenging times and the various requests from our investors, let me expand on each of these points. Starting with recurring revenue, 90% of our revenue is direct-to-consumers. The vast majority of our bookings are annual subscriptions, which are paid upfront where revenue is working nice, ratably each quarter. Our indirect revenue, about 10% of our total is also half recurring; partners like telecom carriers and employee benefit providers pay us every month as they provide our products to their customer base. On the first day of the quarter, we have visibility on over 70% of our revenue coming off our balance sheet and as I mentioned, over 95% of our total revenue is recurring. Secondly, we have minimal reliance on physical retail or OEM partners. The bookings generated by these channels represent about 5% of our total bookings and the revenue is included in the indirect part of our business. These 5% might be impacted by a prolonged health crisis and we will be conservative with our forecasting. However, we do not believe travel restrictions or supply chain disruption have much impact on our distribution capabilities overall. Lastly and most importantly, we are providing tremendous and relevant value for a monthly ARPU of $9. During this environment, when consumers are spending almost all of the time at home in online, we're providing around the clock protection for our members. We've all heard about increasing instances of online criminal activity. In April, our restoration team already started handling the first cases of identity theft related COVID-19 subsidy payments. The opportunity for cybercrime has substantially increased and we know that Norton 360 is helping our customers manage their online activities with more confidence, knowing that Norton 360 is keeping them safe. In the back half of Q4 and during the month of April we have seen this customer confidence in our products reflected in solid renewal rates and new bookings. To our mission to protect everyone's digital life is more relevant than ever, and our business and financial model is as resilient as any in these uncertain times. Now our balance sheet and cash position are equally strong. At the end of the quarter after dividend payments and buy back, our cash balance was $2.3 billion. As a result of refinancing actions taken in Q3, we have addressed all debt maturities until the end of fiscal year 2022. Our various stress tests show that we are well-capitalized with strong liquidity and plenty of financial flexibility to strategically invest in our business, make interest payments and continue to return cash to our shareholders. Our balance sheet and capital structure give us optionality to make accretive tuck-in acquisitions, return further capital through buybacks or both. Matt will provide you with more details about the financial and the liquidity trends in his section. So what about the stranded cost you might ask? Well, if I only talk about it now, it is because I consider the transition to be almost done, with all decisions made to cross the finish line in August. We've run a transition to a pure-play consumer company at a rapid and decisive pace. As I stand in front of you today on May 14, essentially all transitions have been serviced and closed. All stranded job elimination notifications have been made and our operational headcount today is around 2,500. Q1 and the beginning of Q2 will reflect the last asset write-offs and other scheduled restructuring activities. By August, we'll have spent a cumulative total of $750 million in cash stranded costs. The total proceeds from the sales of underutilized assets are still projected to be around $1.5 billion and we have already realized half of it from the sales of DigiCert and ID Analytics fully funding the cash stranded costs. The other half is made up of various properties that we put up for sale. Prior to the COVID-19 outbreak, we had multiple offers for each of the building we own. While some contract negotiations have been slowed down, we are confident in our ability to monetize these assets in the near future. We believe that our bargaining position is enhanced by our strong balance sheet and cash position. By the end of the summer our transition should be completed, officially done in nine months, which is three months faster than initially planned. In fiscal year 2020, we sold the Enterprise Business for $11 billion and right-sized our infrastructure functions to be leaner and nimbler taking out $1.5 billion in annual run rate cost out. In fiscal year 2021, it is all about the productivity of our product innovation and selling motions for our consumer business. We can now focus all of our attention and energy on developing great products, taking a platform approach through upselling various levels of membership and optimizing our marketing in an environment where consumers might be increasingly receptive to our products and services. We are passionate about our mission to protect people's online activities. We are building a leadership team that is dedicated to fulfilling that consumer need and you will hear more about our progress in the future. I will now pass the call over to my business partner Samir, for more details on our product initiative, selling motions and our position going into fiscal year 2021.
Samir Kapuria: Thank you, Vincent. We are living through a generational event. A moment in history that I would say is bringing the world closer together, despite the fact we have to stay physically apart. We have quickly evolved to a common focus of focusing on health and safety for our families, our friends and our communities. As cyber safety is at the forefront of this tidal wave of change, we're clearly seeing a rise in attackers taking advantage of the stay at home mode of life. We've seen new attacks focused on leveraging COVID-19 as a means to enable fraud and identity theft through tailored malware, phishing messages, online commerce scams and more. Hackers are preying on people's emotions, fear, panic, to get them to click impulsively on various malicious links. We are seeing fake offers for masks and vaccines. We're seeing phishing emails reportedly coming from organizations like World Health Organization and Centers for Disease Control. Hackers are also targeting recipients of stimulus checks from various governments around the world. Instead of getting the help they're looking for, many consumers end up giving away personal identifiable information or downloading malware on their devices. Our mission is to keep customers aware as cyber safety has become more important than ever. As all households now spend more hours online, whether for school, work or in the community protecting the home and family in a simple way is even more of a need. That's why weve strengthened offering here. Norton Family brings the protection and security of our products to every member of the family across multiple-devices and platforms. On top of that, we recently extended our time management capability for Windows to include iOS and Android devices. With many kids spending more of their day on technology, the time management capability enables parents to easily manage the duration of their children are on the internet, akin to an online time allowance. When kids reach their allowance limits, they have the ability to simply request additional time. For example, to finish an online learning activity and parents can add more time to their balance. Time extension is part of our continued commitment to go beyond supervision and blocking to also provide tools, which help parents keep the online safety conversation going on with their children, which leads to a deeper understanding of how to be safe online. In adaptation to being a stand-alone product, Norton families also included as parental control and our Norton 360 membership. Norton 360 is our full cyber-safety platform, bringing together end-to-end security, privacy, indent, home and family capabilities to provide the best safety coverage available to our members. Norton 360 is now available in 43 countries as we completed its global rollout during Q4. This had been a major undertaking and I would like to thank all of our team for accomplishing this transformative goal with precision in execution time. We can now focus on adding new areas of value to our memberships and delighting our customers in new ways. No other safety company has the reach and scale of Norton 360 to help as many consumers as we do. Rounding out our cyber safety portfolio with the other three pillars; privacy, security and identity, here's a quick update on each of these. Our privacy offering has become even more relevant in the current environment as people are exchanging more sensitive information through digital channels via personal healthcare information to enable telehealth or financial information for personal accounting or even shopping for food, a VPN or Virtual Private Network has become even more crucial. A VPN uses inscription to help block hackers from stealing personal information over the internet. VPN is included in most tears of our Norton 360 membership and were encouraging our members to use it more frequently to help prevent hackers from eavesdropping on their internet activity. While Norton is our flagship brand with end-to-end capabilities and premium positioning, we also started marketing another brand called SurfEasy to extend our reach into the value segment of the privacy market. SurfEasy provides VPN protection for five devices, unlimited bandwidth and ad tracker blocking technology for a very competitive price. We're currently marketing SurfEasy in the U.S., UK and India. As Vincent said earlier, growing our customer count is the number one goal for our company, and we believe SurfEasy will be another way to bring in new customers within our product family security. Security is an integral part of the value we deliver for our members and we have maintained consistent leadership in device security. During the quarter we received three awards from the AV-TEST Institute for our device protection solutions. These included the windows home user best protection and best performance awards as well as the award for best android protection. This represents NortonLifeLocks fifth consecutive best protection win for Norton Security. Were committed to building innovative technology that helps protect consumers devices from ever evolving cyber threat. As people spend more time online to work and play in this environment, we believe securing devices is the foundation for security and will be more important than ever. Identity cause a major milestone this last quarter with our first full-fledged LifeLock identity restoration suite to a country outside of the United States. Last agreement we mentioned that we signed a partnership agreement with a large international telecom service provider, that partner is Telus, the second largest telecom company in Canada creating a safer, friendlier world online is one of Teluss pillars, aligning our two companies together very closely. Similar to the social security number of the United States, Canada has the social insurance number, which is the government's unique identifier for Canadian residents. It is used as a proof of identity for any and all types of credit, health insurance and education amongst other things. It is considered the most important piece of personal identifiable information in Cana and Cana and therefore highly targeted by hackers. Telus launched our Norton 360 with LifeLock in April and we're looking forward to bringing the same level of protection and restoration capabilities to Canadians that our American customers have enjoyed for over a decade. Canada is a nascent market where identity theft protection products have not existed before. Currently the market has been limited to just credit scores and alerts, which are small features of an overall protection plan. We believe that Canada will grow to be an important market for us over time, akin to the U.S. years ago. It will take some time to educate the market about the benefits of identity protection. Partners like telcos, employee benefits, retailers and e-tailers are all an important part of our go-to-market strategy, and we continue to work to bring our products to more and more partners and their customers. Working with our partners helps broaden our audience, combine our capabilities and reach consumers closer to where they need cyber safety. Look out for more from us in this area in the near future. In the fourth quarter, average revenue per user or ARPU increased to $9.07 per month, up 1% sequentially and up 3% year-over-year. We also had another quarter of customer increase adding 46,000 in the quarter. For the whole year our retention rate was stable at 85%. These metrics demonstrate that customers appreciate the value we are providing. We have more enhancements with our membership programs for the future and we looked forward to updating you in coming quarters about our robust R&D pipeline of products. Let me now turn the call over to Matt to discuss the Q4 actual results in more detail.
Matt Brown: Thanks, Samir. Let me review our Q4 results in a bit more detail. Q4 revenue was better than expected at $614 million and revenue excluding ID Analytics, which was sold on January 31, was $610 million, up 1% year-over-year in constant currency. Q4 reported billings excluding ID Analytics was up 3% year-over-year despite the FX headwinds, which reduced ending contract liabilities on our balance sheet. The reported billings growth was supported by our second consent, negative quarter of net customer ads, adding 46,000 customers in Q4, along with a steady customer retention rate at 85% for the year. Diluted EPS was $0.26, up 63% year-over-year and exceeded our guidance range driven by strong execution and better than expected stranded costs in our P&L As we stated in our prior quarter earnings calls, during this transition period our reported cost structure will be complex and burdened with stranded costs. However, this is becoming less so as we progress through our accelerated transition. We expect Q1 to be the last quarter with significant transition related moving pieces in our financials. In Q4, total company operating margin from continuing operations was burdened by approximately $60 million in stranded costs, and reached 41.5% compared to 27.2% in the year ago period, an increase of more than 14 points, and 36.2% in the prior quarter. Our execution on eliminating stranded costs is evidenced by the steady operating margin growth and we're well on our way to achieving the 50% post-transition operating margin for the total company. In addition, we continue to service and reduce our TSAs and eliminate the positions that were linked to stranded activities. In Q4, ending headcount was down to approximately 3,700 employees and as Vincent mentioned, we finished substantially all remaining notifications at the end of April. Notified employees will remain on our books through Q1 in accordance with country specific notice periods such as Warren in the U.S. but operationally we are now running the business with approximately 2,500 employees, achieving the long-term model we targeted when we sold the enterprise business well ahead of schedule. On the topic of cash and as we mentioned to you in last quarter's earnings call Q4, Q4 cash flow from operating activities includes large one-time payments for divestiture related tax amounts. And as a result of these payments as well as net cash outflows from stranded cost, our cash flow from operating activities in Q4 was materially negative as planned. However, absent the one-time payments and stranded costs, our business is operating in line with our long-term model of approximately $900 million in free cash-flow on an annual basis. We ended the fourth quarter with cash and short-term investments of $2.3 billion giving us plenty of flexibility, driving our business for growth. This past quarter we continue to return significant amounts of capital to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. We repurchased 29 million shares in the quarter for a total of $658 million, and we've utilized $1 billion thus far of the $1.6 billion share buyback authorization. In addition, we cash settled the principle and conversion rights of a $250 million convertible note, which lowered our overall debt level and reduced our diluted share count. We paid our regular dividend of $0.125 per share this quarter and we remain committed to paying our annual dividend of $0.50 per share. And last but certainly not least, we made good on our commitment to return 100% of the after-tax proceeds from the sale of the enterprise business via the $12 per share special dividend at the end of January. I'd like to now spend a couple of minutes discussing how we're positioned amid the economic uncertainty caused by the recent COVID-19 crisis. In the early days of the COVID-19 crisis, we paused our share buyback with approximately $600 million left on the authorization to be flexible with any challenges and opportunities that may arise in the new economic environment. This was a prudent approach as our excess cash capacity affords us greater flexibility. However, we remain open to a number of options and plan to resume our buyback program opportunistically. Another impact of the COVID-19 crisis is the delay in the sales of our underutilized real estate assets, as some potential buyers take a slower approach. However, we believe it is a temporary delay and remain confident. We will be able to move forward with the sales in a reasonable timeframe. Importantly, this slowdown does not impact our ability to achieve the post-transition operating margin outlook. And more importantly, we are not relying on that cash to run the business. As Vincent mentioned is direct to our highly recurring diverse subscriber base. The ratable nature of our business helps minimize disruption in our financials from short-term economic headwinds. In addition, our balance sheet is strong with $2.3 billion in cash and short term investments as of Q4, as well as access to our undrawn $1 billion revolver. And we have a capital efficient model reflected in our low CapEx spending. We spent just $3 million in Q4 and expect our annual CapEx should be approximately $40 million with depreciation expense to be in the range of our CapEx spending going forward. In addition, the maturities of our outstanding debt extend well into the future. Our $750 million senior note that's due in September is being replaced by the $750 million Delayed Draw term-loan that we structured back in November and pushes that maturity out to fiscal year 2025. The next debt maturities don't occur until almost two years from now. In addition, we are well within our covenant limits. We ran a series of downturn scenarios to stress test the business. Even under severe downturn sensitivity scenarios, we have sufficient room in our financial covenant, as well as minimum cash flow needed to operate the business and protect our regular cash dividends. For example, our trailing 12 months adjusted EBITDA would have to drop by almost 40% before triggering any issues with our covenants at the current debt levels. So we feel very good about our liquidity and capital structure. To recap, I'm very pleased with how we executed. We turned in a strong financial performance this quarter, delivering revenue and EPS growth, reducing debt, lowering our share, count, accelerating our transition and maintaining strong liquidity heading into the COVID-19 economic environment. Let me now turn the call back to Vincent a provide Q1 outlook.
Vincent Pilette: Thanks, Matt. Let me not our provide our Q1 outlook and also discuss a long-term growth strategy for NortonLifeLock? March trends continued into April. Quarter-to-date, we generated slightly positive customer net adds and almost mid-single-digit booking growth overall. Direct to consumers booking grew high-single digits in April, as people continue to adapt to life working from home. This growth was partially offset by decline in our retail sales, impacting our overall indirect partner sales. Maintaining this net positive trend, we expect revenue in the range of $590 million to $605 million or zero to 2% growth when normalizing for IDA and the extra week in Q1 fiscal year 2020. This revenue outlook is supported by bookings growth in the low-to-mid single digit range. We expect Q1 non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $0.18 to $0.22 per share with a business operating at approximately 50% profit margin, when excluding the stranded cost. Our stranded activities, I expect it to be fully eliminated by August, although we will write-off additional assets in Q1 with the goal to be over 90% done by the end of June. In fiscal year 2020, we return to previous marketing investment levels, primary targeted that direct acquisition programs, and we will continue to invest in our distribution and product roadmap for long-term impact. While these initiatives take time to generate revenue, we are very encouraged to see three consecutive quarter of low-to-mid single digit bookings growth year-over-year. I also said that while we have a fantastic opportunity to define a simple and reliable path to cyber safety, it won't be a linear road by any means. Certainly, no one could have anticipated the work to going to a full lockdown only a month after we last gave guidance. Well, we will be cautious and agile in managing our business; our mission to protect and safely enable customer digital lives is more relevant. And with that Matt, Samir and I are now happy to take any question. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Keith, your line is open.
Vincent Pilette: Hi, Keith.
Keith Weiss: Thank you, guys. How is it going? Thank you for taking the question and very nice quarter. Vincent, hoping you could drill down for us a little bit more into kind of what you think the impacts of COVID-19 were on your overall business? It sounds like it may have been a tailwind for the direct consumer side of the equation; just given more people working from home and that heightened threat environment, but that was slightly offset by the retail environment because obviously, people just can't go to the stores in the same way. Can you help us understand kind of the puts and takes and whether you think there's kind of durable tailwinds from kind of work from home and shelter in place that that could persist for some time.
Vincent Pilette: Yes. So let me first go back at the core, as we developed the cyber safety membership, Norton 360, we have underlying growth drivers, which is that more and more consumers are driving the operations, they live online and they want to do that in a safe environment. We have since we became NortonLifeLock in November, reinvested in marketing to make our products known, out there we had launched Norton 360 at the beginning of this fiscal year, as you know, and we pushed that rollout through. We were on a steady path if you want, turning a situation where we had a declining customer count into bringing more and more new customers; it was the path-through-the-quarter. We saw in the month of March, more demand and slow conversion or realization of that increased demand. We saw that through the month of April and obviously you can understand that all of the activities from working from home, not wanting to go into the shopping malls and all of those things have only increased the need for a better protection online. As you mentioned, that was offset partially by the fact that at physical stores, we couldn't go and buy a token or one of our products, but that was a mile offset. So we encouraged by the trends, it will be a long-term trends. We believe that will continue which is more people will work from home, will live their life online and, and we'll need our products.
Keith Weiss: Got it. And just one follow-up just to make sure I'm clear on the real estate. So it sounds like the real estate transactions that you guys were expecting had slowed down a little bit, but you still feel pretty good on getting them close. The fact that they don't impact our operating origin assumptions on a go-forward basis, is that because of the expectation that they still get closed or its just  it was a relatively minor part of OpEx and you still get to there's like 50% operating margin levels without selling the real estate?
Vincent Pilette: So we have reduced our headcount to what our long-term model structure is for the consumer business about 2,500. And with that, we've vacated the buildings that are not needed anymore. We put them for sale and we them off our put them for sale and hold them off our P&L, put them on our balance sheet, teed up for sales. Weve had multiple offers with each one of those buildings and then through the outbreak, as you imagine those discussions, slow down some drop, some try to do an accelerated [indiscernible] coming back into the offers around, if you want. And it will  our expectation is that it will take a bit more time. We have not revised our value down. We not press for cash as you know, and we have multiple options, including in the short-term, one of the buyer came back with a short-term lease while they were figuring out they need. So from that perspective, I don't see any impact in our operational business, and it's about time to cash in term of realizing this underutilized assets.
Operator: And our next question is line of Saket Kalia from Barclays Capital. Saket, your line is open.
Saket Kalia: Okay. Great. Thanks guys for taking my questions here.
Vincent Pilette: Sure.
Saket Kalia: First, hey  first maybe for you Vincent, nice couple quarters and positive subscriber additions. And I guess as that renewal base kind of grows here in fiscal 2021, how are you thinking about the importance of sort of retention rate versus sort of top of funnel? I know we're not guiding to fiscal 2021, yet. And obviously you've invested a lot more in marketing to improve that top of funnel. Is there anything that you could sort of do on the retention rate as well as you look forward to year?
Vincent Pilette: No, absolutely. So, at a very high level, if you take the three areas that drive growth, one is number one more customers. The second one is offering a great product that they want at a higher level of membership, and you know, we've all at Norton 360, we not have about 25% of our install base into Norton 360 and that increased engagement. And the third one is to increase retention. We have great operational teams driving each one of those three areas and driving for growers. As I shared a quarter ago and share with the team all the time, it's a balance between all those three drivers, but the number one metric is increasing the customer count, behind that is the marketing investment, its the net promoter scores and the customer satisfaction and we were driving that. If you see our retention, it has improved in each one of the cohort by tenure. But you know that the first year of tenure is a lower retention and that increases, as they seem to our portfolio. And so the increase retention as they engage more and more than 360 is slightly offset because were returning to customer growth, overall though always all value for the business.
Saket Kalia: Got it. That makes sense. For my follow-up, maybe for you, Matt, can you just talk a little bit about the EPS guide here in Q1 and perhaps the pace of stranded cost removal? It sounds like a lot of the TSA expenses are sort of wrapping up; to Vincent's point we're down to sort of the headcount that we were planning on. So how do you think about that sequential downtick in EPS in Q1?
Matt Brown: So, our stranded costs are coming to a close, but as they come to a close they will impact different areas of the P&L in different quarters, depending on the types of activities and how they end. And so, you know, as we've sort of been consistent in this message over the last couple of quarters, our reporting structure is complex. The stranded costs show up in different areas of the P&L depending on the types of activities. And so for that reason, though, we expect these activities to come to a close, they may be impacting a different area of the P&L. Having said that our core business, we expect to operate at that 50% operating margin that we've discussed and continue to discuss. And so you know, we will of course make it clear, next quarter when we report where those stranded costs showed up. But that is the reason for the guide of $0.18 to $0.22.
Operator: And our next question is from one of Fatima Boolani with UBS. Fatima, your line is open.
Fatima Boolani: Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the questions. Maybe Matt or Vincent for you, a question on retention. I think for all of us, it's a little bit harder to overlook the broader unemployment backdrop and a weakening sense of consumer confidence in spending and in sort of weakening spending signals. So as we take those dynamics into consideration I'm wondering if you guys can talk to the renewal churn in up-sell trends that give you confidence that the level-of retention that youre seating today is sustainable, and then I have a follow-up as well.
Vincent Pilette: Yes, absolutely. So as you imagine at the beginning days of the COVID-19 outbreak, went back to a lot of scenarios. We also went back to what happened in 2008, look at the retention rate during that time. And actually there was pretty resilient and sustainable even then. Now every environment or every crisis is unique and this one brings something that is very different. It changes the way we operate our lives. It changed the way we work? It changes the way we interact? The way we shop? And I think there is a underlying acceleration of the need for more privacy, more security online that's why you see companies like Logitech selling more video conferencing systems and us with that selling more security products. And I think the trends of having more awareness of few lives moving online is a structural trend. Now it may be impacting in the short-term here and there by different economic headwind. But I think we're well positioned from that. And we have the perfect solution launching last year, the Norton 360 membership. We saw an acceleration of the adoption rate through the last two quarters, and we're very pleased by that.
Fatima Boolani: Thats super helpful. And Samir, maybe for you, continue to appreciate your international rollout here. And so with more product available internationally and perhaps a lot of the offerings aren't as maybe comparatively comprehensive as some of your domestic offerings that include the LifeLock in the higher-end level of the LifeLock feature functionality, your ARPU is still up in the quarter. So can you help us understand what some of the puts and takes here are on the ARPU continuing to improve, even as you go into ex-U.S. geographies that typically have a lower comparative feature base within the product? And that's it for me, thank you.
Samir Kapuria: Thanks, Fatima. Yes. As we look at the international expansion, for the most part we're entering cohorts and markets where the needs have increased dramatically and so our security, our privacy and even the identity solutions that we have designed for certain international markets allow us to hit those markets with a premium offering, and that's allowed us to maintain our ARPU. I think to the comments that Vincent just shared, with a lot more at risk in today's environment, given the masses of people that now are doing the digital equivalent of what their physical lives were there is an appreciation for making sure that is also safe and secure. And we're seeing that trend continue both in our expansion in Europe and in Asia.
Operator: And next we have a question from the line of Gregg Moskowitz with Mizuho. Gregg, your line is open.
Gregg Moskowitz: Okay. Yes. Thank you very much. Hi guys nice to chat with you. So it's good to hear that 25% of your install base is on Norton 360, although you do have a few different SKUs, some but not all of which include LifeLock. And so I was wondering if you were able to share the percentage of the Norton install base that has converted to LifeLock membership, as well as just how this conversion rate has been trending.
Vincent Pilette: So you are right, we have at the high level about six level of membership and it start with what I would call basic securities and then add various level of functionalities, password managers and others. And then for the last three memberships it includes the identity, so that's Norton 360 with LifeLock and start basic and finish that premium. We've seen a good adoption of that Norton 360 across. When we sell today, the new customer acquired are in the vast majority on the Norton 360 platform, we're not going to share now between the different membership where the ratio is, but we've seen good adoption. And we expect that to continue over the next four quarters as we go through fiscal year 2021.
Gregg Moskowitz: Okay. Thanks, Vincent. And then maybe a follow-up for Samir, I think you talked about Norton Family, and I think one can make a clear argument that the need for something like Norton Family in a household is stronger than ever before. I think, your six month free trial for that product has been in play for around six weeks now, what have you seen in terms of sign ups?
Samir Kapuria: Yes, thanks for that question. We've seen a lot of uptake and adoption of that Family for free. I think it goes back to the volume of children that are now schooling, gaming and communicating on online, while there's a large cohort of parents that at the same time are working from home. And so with the adoption of that stay at home lifestyle, what we've seen is a much higher use of Norton Family, almost like a digital guardian for parents. And we're just happy to be able to contribute back in this time where we've got this crisis amidst us.
Gregg Moskowitz: Thats great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from line of Brad Zelnick with Credit Suisse. Brad, your line is open.
Vincent Pilette: Hey Brad,
Brad Zelnick: Hey, Vincent, it's great to see the durability of the business during such crazy times. And I hope everyone on the call is doing well. But my question for you is to what extent are you benefiting from lower advertising costs and how is the ROI been trending on marketing spend and how would that look on a more normalized basis? And perhaps even how to think about that equation shifting when marketing costs and CPCs trend back upward?
Vincent Pilette: A very good question, as you mentioned early March we saw a drop in marketing rates. We were already trying to shift or doing shifting between long-form TV ads into more social and dynamic advertising. So we're in the process of improving the productivity of our recently increased marketing spent. I think we discussed in the last call that you first raise your marketing level and then you maintain that level for a consistent periods to improve over time. We've seen a low-double digit improvement in our CAC, Customer Acquisition Costs to the quarter. And we plan to leverage that, balance it between profitability and/or reinvestment as we see gross momentum mainly international.
Brad Zelnick: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is Walter Pritchard with Citi. Walter?
Walter Pritchard: Thanks. I'm just wondering on the sub-addition the net, could you help us understand over the last three quarters with an inflection, how much of that has been improvement in retention versus the gross ads that go in there?
Vincent Pilette: So as you know, right, for the last two quarter  three quarter, we increased our marketing spent, it really shifted for the last two quarter with over $100,000 new customer acquired. Our retention rates have been very stable around 85% and its really about increasing the productivity and the return from our marketing investment, so it's net new coming from direct consumer acquisition programs.
Walter Pritchard: Got it. Then just a follow-up on the Family question that came up, that product is free right now, do you intend to make that product free forever? And is there a sort of a timing that we should think about we might start to see some paid conversion off of that free product?
Samir Kapuria: Yes, Walter, the Family free is something that we've decided to contribute. We are not looking at it as a business as much as it is a contribution to the situation at hand. But, we do hope to deliver value and more awareness around the overarching cyber safety needs based on that and we'll see what happens in the future. Hopefully we get out of this current pandemic in a short amount of time and we can reevaluate that.
Walter Pritchard: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Phil Winslow with Wells Fargo. Phil, your line is open.
Phil Winslow: Hey, thanks guys for taking my question. Vincent, just going back to your comment on the cost of customer acquisition, have you seen any change in the efficacy of the marketing channels that you've been using and how are you thinking about allocation there?
Vincent Pilette: Yes, I think weve mentioned it, right. So as we raised our marketing investment, two things we're doing. Were doing more social and pay search or search paid that goes into more quick returns than the long-form TV. And then it's moving more of our marketing dollars internationally. In the past, and certainly in fiscal year 2019 the marketing investment were solid [indiscernible] U.S. and so we've expanded that internationally as we roll out our Norton 360 now more than 43 countries and as we can maintain this investment at certain level. We should see a continuous improvement of our CAC as we progress through fiscal year 2021.
Phil Winslow: Great, thanks guys.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets. Matt?
Matt Hedberg: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question. A few questions on retention here, I just had one other one. It's great that it's been stable and it sounds like you're seeing strong subscriber trends in April or May. I'm just sort of curious how you're thinking about retention relative to your Q1 guide. I mean, have you seen any change in that in the very short-term, given the unemployment rates?
Vincent Pilette: So we actually saw very solid trends of retention in the month of March and April. We are not forecasting, if you want dramatic change in retention, we've seen increased engagement from customers moving to Norton 360 platform and that increased the retention and then that has to be offset with bringing new customers and continuously growing our customer base with the first year retention being lower than the average we mentioned. And we have of course a program trying to improve the retention rate of the first year cohort. So as I mentioned, it's a balance between ARPU retention and new customer counts. And our number one objective is to grow customer count sustainably for the long-term.
Matt Hedberg: Got it. Super helpful, thanks guys.
Operator: And our next question is line of Shaul Eyal with Oppenheimer. Shaul, your line is open.
Shaul Eyal: Thank you. Good afternoon, gentlemen. Congrats on the solid set of results. I had a quick product related question, I think you might've addressed it, I'm not certain, part of your membership, I think include your cloud backup products, which is I think now available strictly on the Windows operating system, did you indicate that it's now available on iOS and Android as well?
Vincent Pilette: No, I don't think that one. The comment we made was regarding our time management capability within Norton Family that was originally Windows and in the interest of expanding that to help parents at home we've now added that to iOS and Android as well. So that's the comment we were making.
Shaul Eyal: Understood. Thank you so much for that.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, I would now like to turn it back to the CEO for final summary.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you. We believe NortonLifeLock has a unique opportunity to build the best portfolio addressing the consumer's ever evolving needs for cyber safety. While the economic environment might be volatile and uncertain, our resilient business model and strong balance sheet give us the ability to continue to execute our business plan with minimal interruption. We are adapting as we go. We are tactically focused on delivering to our best potential every single day. We have a bias for action and a mission to make the world cyber safe. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. We thank you greatly for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-02-06 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to NortonLifeLock Fiscal Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to the Head of Investor Relations, Soohwan Kim. Thank you. You may begin.
Soohwan Kim: Thank you. I'm pleased to welcome you to our call to discuss our third quarter fiscal year 2020 earnings results. We posted the earnings material and slides to our Investor Relations events web page. Speakers on today's call are Vincent Pilette, NortonLifeLock CEO; Samir Kapuria President; and Matt Brown Interim CFO. This call will be available for replay via webcast on our website. As a reminder, in connection with the sale of certain assets of our Enterprise Security business to Broadcom in November 4, 2019. We changed our corporate and interest from Symantec NortonLifeLock. The results of our Enterprise Security business were classified as discontinued operations in our condensed consolidated statements of operations and thus excluded from both continuing operations and segment results for all periods presented. Starting in the second quarter of fiscal 2020, we operate in one reportable segment. Revenues and associated costs of our ID Analytics solutions, which were formerly included in the Enterprise Security segment are now included in our remaining reportable segment. On January 31, 2020, we completed the sale of our ID Analytics solutions. I'd like to remind everyone that all references to financial metrics are non-GAAP, unless otherwise stated. Please refer to the supplemental materials posted on the Investor Relations website for further that finished definitions of our non-GAAP metrics. Please note non-GAAP financial measures referenced during this call are reconciled to their comparable GAAP financial measures in the press release and supplemental materials posted on our website. We believe our presentation of non-GAAP financial measures, when taken together with the corresponding GAAP financial measures provide meaningful supplemental information regarding our operating performance for reasons discussed below our management team uses these non-GAAP financial measures in assessing our operating results as well as planning and forecasting future periods. We believe our non-GAAP financial measures also facilitate comparisons of our performance to prior periods and that investors benefit from understanding our non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures are supplemental and should not be considered as a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Today's call contains forward-looking statements based on conditions we currently see. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current date, and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. In particular, our statements regarding our sale of our Enterprise Security assets to Broadcom and any anticipated benefits from such sale and cost reductions associated with this transaction are subject to a variety of risks. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information. You will also find a detailed discussion about our risk factors in our filings with the SEC and in particular in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 29, 2019, and recently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Let me now turn the call over to Vincent.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you, Soohwan and good afternoon everyone. I'm very pleased to report that we delivered better than expected results in Q3, the first quarter of NortonLifeLock as a standalone company. We delivered revenue above the high end of the range, supported by bookings growth of 4%. EPS was $0.25, up $0.09 from a year ago, and well above our guidance, driven by strong execution and lower stranded costs. We have accelerated our transition to become the pure-play leader in consumer cyber safety, and we are driving towards our annual target of $1.50 EPS. We have delivered on our commitment of returning more than 100% of the net proceeds from the sales of our Enterprise business to Broadcom by paying a $12 per share special dividend on January 31st, and starting $1.6 billion share repurchase program in December. Before I go into more detail, I would like to thank all of our employees. Achieving these results in a quarter in which we completed the sales of our Enterprise business is another testament to the operational discipline and the dedication of our team. These encouraging results speak for themselves. But let me give you a few more details. In the close of the sales of our Enterprise business on November 4th, we have been removing stranded cost at an accelerated pace. Previously, our estimated cumulative stranded cost post close were $1.2 billion, with cash cost of $900 million to remove these stranded activities. We have accelerated our transition to be done in Q2 fiscal year '21, three months ahead of plan. Cumulative stranded cost post close and our trucking to less than $1 billion in total, of which $750 million are in cash. We are making good strides towards exiting or rightsizing the cost base to achieve target operating margin of 50% for the total company by the end of the transition period. In addition, we made significant progress towards our goal to monetize and dispose of underutilized assets to more than offset the stranded cash costs. We recently closed the sales of our ID Analytics business for $375 million in cash. In addition, we received the first round of bids for the sales of our soon to be vacated properties including our Mountain View Campus. We now project the cash proceeds from the underutilized assets to be approximately $1.5 billion, significantly higher than the $1.1 billion we previously estimated on our last earnings call. When you combine the $10.7 billion sales of the Enterprise business with the $1.5 billion in monetization of assets, less than $750 million in stranded cost, we project to generate roughly $11.5 billion in gross proceeds directly or indirectly related to the sales of our Enterprise assets. Wow. I know Rick would be very proud. Even after taxes, which are now lower than initially expected, and the return off a substantial amount of cash to our shareholders in the form of dividends and stock buybacks, we are left with meaningful capacity to invest and sustainably grow our consumer business. When I started to CEO, I talked about some key priorities for us in the short term. First, established credibility by consistently delivering on what we say. Secondly, accelerate the transition to quickly get to a long-term business model with 50% profitability for the company. And lastly, and more importantly, free up investment capacity to return the company to sustainable growth, delivering on the full potential of a stand-alone consumer business. I also said that it would take time to reach our full potential. I think it goes without saying that we have delivered on our commitments in terms of executing on the sales of the Enterprise business, accelerating the elimination of stranded cost and maximizing the value of our underutilized assets. As for the ongoing consumer cyber safety business, this quarter, we delivered bookings growth of 4% year-over-year and increased net subscribers by 66,000 sequentially, while maintaining operating margin over 50% when you exclude the impact of stranded cost. It is the first positive quarter of net customer adds in a long time. But to be fair, one quarter does not make a trend. While customer count is stabilizing, our focused execution and reprioritized investments have us on the right path to deliver long-term sustainable growth. Our strategy is working. I will pass now the call over to my business partner, Samir, for more details on our product initiatives and selling motions.
Samir Kapuria: Thank you, Vincent. Our momentum and launching Norton 360 memberships worldwide continues. In the third quarter, we expanded our membership offerings in EMEA, Asia Pacific and Latin America, including Ireland, South Africa, Australia and Mexico. We remain focused on our strategy to deliver increasing value to NortonLifeLock members by offering a broad set of cyber-safety solutions. In the third quarter, average revenue per user or ARPU increased to $8.99 per month, up 1.2% sequentially and up 2.7% year-over-year. More importantly, we saw continued stabilization of our direct customer count. We grew customer count sequentially this quarter for the first time in more than two years. We had new customers at the top of the funnel, while maintaining our high retention rates. Our service safety message is resonating with customers. We believe the growth in customers directly results from our strategy to invest and drive consumer awareness of the value of our offering. In addition to our direct customers, we also protect millions of customers through indirect relationships we've established through partnerships around the world, including telcos, employee benefits, retailers and e-tailers. One example is a recent partnership agreement we signed with a large telecom service provider who will be bundling our new membership product powered by LifeLock. This will be the first time will be launching the full version of LifeLock, which includes identity restoration outside of the United States. We're starting to see more and more of these organizations understand how much value cyber safety can bring both their businesses and their customers. These relationships contribute to our foundation for growth in the future. We are continuing to invest in our product capabilities to address cyber threats that are evolving at a fast pace. Let me highlight two examples of identity offerings that we launched in the quarter. In December, we launched home title alert. This additional feature is available to our U.S. members who subscribe to the highest level of identity protection. For many Americans, their home is their most valuable asset and we're helping protect it from fraud. We're now monitoring for changes to their home title and tax records at the county recorder's office. With this service, members are alerted when potential scammers use victim's identities to take out fraudulent loans or place liens on a victim's home for financial benefit. This is one of many examples of our continued focus on innovation to deliver additional protection to our members across security, privacy, identity and home. We also expanded our identity theft offering outside the U.S. with the launch of our dark web monitoring service powered by LifeLock in Japan. The dark web is an unindexed part of the Internet, and it is a hotbed of criminal activity where criminals can buy and sell stolen information. When we detect our members' information in the dark web, we alert our members, so they can take action. This product has seen good adoption in that market and we are working hard to deliver it to consumers around the globe. Those are just two examples of leading innovation, but we have a robust R&D pipeline of products that we believe will help keep our customers cyber safe. Let me turn the call over to Matt to discuss Q3 actual results in more detail.
Matthew Brown: Thanks Samir. Let me review our Q3 results in a bit more detail. Focusing on non-GAAP results, Q3 revenue was $618 million, up 1% year-over-year in constant currency, and above our guidance range of $602 to $612 million. ID Analytics revenue was included in both actual and our guidance, and landed at $15 million for the quarter. Diluted EPS was $0.25, exceeding our guidance range driven primarily by better than expected stranded costs in our P&L. Operating margin was 36.2%, compared to 28.6% in Q3 '19. We drove strong margin performance by reducing stranded costs. In just one quarter, we reduced our head count by 52%, and significantly reduced our real estate footprint, making substantial progress on rightsizing our company for the go-forward business. While progress was made, Q3 continuing operations included stranded operating expenses of approximately $85 million. As we stated on our prior quarter earnings call, during this transition period, our reporting cost structure will be complex and burdened with stranded costs, the timing of the transition, the net costs associated with our transition service agreements, asset write-off and the location of these costs in the P&L will impact operating margin and/or EPS for the next three quarters. For example, depending on the underlying nature of these costs, they may be recorded in operating expenses of continuing operations or transition services expenses, which are included below the line in other income and expense, or discontinued operations or restructuring, which are excluded from our non-GAAP results altogether. Because of this complexity, we are providing detail on the approximate amount and location of stranded costs incurred in the quarter in our earnings deck posted on our Investor Relations website, which I invite everyone to review. In Q3, our cash flow from operations was $399 million, with free cash flow of $389 million. These amounts include cash flow from continuing and discontinued operations, which also includes stranded costs and benefited from collections of Enterprise related receivables in the quarter. By the way, the estimated tax liability on the Enterprise sale is now estimated at $2.2 billion, versus the $2.5 billion estimated at the time of the deal. The majority of this tax liability is left to be paid in Q4 '20 and therefore will be reflected in that quarter's cash flow from operations. We ended the third quarter with cash and short-term investments of $12.8 billion and our total debt level was unchanged at $4.5 billion. Our strong cash flow has enabled us to return a significant amount of cash to our shareholders. In Q3, under our $1.6 billion share buyback plan, we repurchased $14.1 million shares for $364 million in cash. In addition, in Q3 we paid our recently increased regular quarterly dividend of $0.125 per share. And lastly, we recently completed the previously announced special dividend of $12 per share. We will continue to return cash to our shareholders, while maintaining our ability to invest in growth opportunities. We now expect our estimated cash balance at the end of the transition to be over $2.5 billion as a result of lower expected cash transition costs, lower expected cash taxes on the Enterprise sale, lower cash paid on the special dividend due to timing of our share buyback and higher expected cash receipts from the sale of underutilized assets. All told, this has significantly increased our cash expectations, and allows greater flexibility to create more value to invest and sustainably grow the business, as well as gives us the option to deploy additional capital as we opportunistically manage dilution. Let me now turn the call back to Vincent to provide our Q4 outlook.
Vincent Pilette: Thanks Matt. Very clear. Let me now provide our Q4 outlook and also discuss a long-term growth strategy for NortonLifeLock. In the fourth quarter, we expect revenue in the range of $595 million to $605 million, excluding ID Analytics, which closed in January. We will continue to drive the business for growth, which is expected to continue to yield low single digit bookings growth in Q4, ultimately delivering revenue growth in later quarters. We expect Q4 non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $0.15 to $0.20 per share based on assumptions of flat share count, with the business operating approximately, sorry 50% profit margin when excluding the stranded costs. As we exit our transition period, upon elimination of the stranded cost, and with the full benefit from share buybacks, we expect the operating margin to reach 50% and annualized EPS to come to approximately $1.50. Fiscal year 2020. So as we turn to previous marketing investment levels, primarily targeted at direct acquisition programs in the U.S. and worldwide. We will continue to invest in our distribution and product roadmap. While these initiatives take time to generate revenue. We are encouraged to see two consecutive quarters of 4% billings growth year-over-year. We believe NortonLifeLock is well positioned to continue our market leadership by offering a simple reliable path to cyber safety. Our mission to protect our customers' digital and connected lives is reflected in our commitment to make the world safer. Our transformation is well underway. We've become much more nimble and customer focused, and we are on track to achieve our near-term goals to remove stranded cost and lay the foundation for growth. For our mid to long-term goals, we're excited by the opportunity to deliver innovative solutions to protect consumers and produce sustained revenue and earnings growth, with strong cash flow generation for our shareholders. As I told all of our employees, it will not be a linear path. There will be challenges along the way, but the opportunity is tremendous. And our focus is on protecting and delighting consumers with innovative solutions. And with that, Matt, Samir and I are now happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from line of Fatima Boolani from UBS. Fatima?
Fatima Boolani: Samir, maybe I'll start with you, just to get a progress update on the membership bundles conversion of the install base. You have about a year a data points here, as you move the base to the membership model. So I was wondering if you could sort of update us as to how you're tracking along that path? And maybe if you can give us a little bit more color as to how the conversions are landing, whether they're in sort of the low bucket or the very premium bucket, that would be really helpful. And then I have a follow-up for Matt?
Samir Kapuria: Thanks Fatima. Yes as we as we rolled out last April, our cyber safety programs which includes security, identity, privacy and home and family. We've been moving both our existing customer base into that bucket, as well as acquiring new customers into that combined solution. Both of which have progressed well. I think we share the data on that progression on an annual basis, and we are very happy with the results we've had over this year. So next quarter, we'll be sharing the percentage of existing customers that have moved into that program. But in addition to that, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we have also rolled out new identity protection capabilities in international markets, like the dark web monitoring in Japan, and soon to be released identity threat restoration service in another country. So, what we're seeing is the combination of capabilities and value we're providing are resonating with our customers and that's resulting in both the ARPU, as well as retention you've seen in our reporting today.
Fatima Boolani: And Matt for you, very helpful color around the go forward or normalized capital structure, if you will. But I'm wondering just kind of given the mechanics around the convertible notes on the balance sheet with respect to the dilution that's come online as a result of those notes, and the buyback that you have in place. I'm wondering if you can kind of step us through how we should be thinking about a share count and share count dilution mechanics going forward? Thank you.
Matthew Brown: Sure yes so as Vincent mentioned in his outlook remarks, we are modeling flat share count quarter-over-quarter. So our Q4 guidance incorporates our expected dilution and also with the offset of our share buyback program. And as we move forward, as the dilution from our converts continues, we have the ability to opportunistically manage that through additional share buybacks. And so that is built into our model.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Saket Kalia from Barclays. Saket?
Saket Kalia: Hi Vincent, and so maybe just start with you. You talked about some of the, some of the incremental investment that the team is putting into additional marketing programs to help drive some of the improvement that we're seeing in bookings in the top line. I guess my question is, are those investments the type that you think we can leverage or do you think that we need to increase them potentially to sort of sustain this improved growth?
Vincent Pilette: Yes so, as we mentioned in prior quarters, right? We've increased our marketing investment to go back to prior levels. There're really three sets of actions we've done with those investment. The first one was really to move from long-form marketing to social media and other new areas in which we had not been marketing in the past so, that's one initiative. The second one was to really move from mainly being U.S. centric to be more international. We've been growing in Europe. We've been growing Asia-Pacific, and that of course is to support new product launch. So those are important factor. And then we've aligned our marketing investment to the rollout of Norton 360 our membership structure, making our customer aware of the incremental value we provide them through the membership. When you raised the noise level, if you want in the market or the awareness level in the market, you have a long way to go in terms of improving the productivity of those marketing investments. So I do believe that, while we've raised it here in fiscal year 2020, we have opportunity to gain productivity from those investments going into fiscal year 2021.
Saket Kalia: Matt, maybe for my follow-up for you. Can you just talk a little bit about the mechanics of the transition services agreements or TSAs? How much - when do those - sort of start to kick in you mentioned that those go below the line. When do those start to kick in, what sort of magnitude and for how long broad brushes if you can?
Matthew Brown: Sure. So our transition services agreement began right after the close of the transaction on November 4. And those continue for about six months. So expect those to continue until about May 4. The costs of those transition services agreements are included down in other income and expense, but so are the offsetting reimbursements from Broadcom, which offset the expenses that are down in other income and expense. So, those will continue all the way through May 4, at which point we will exit. And those amounts will then come out of other income and expense going forward.
Vincent Pilette: And Saket just so we're clear, we have multiple TSA agreements depending on the function or the area or the countries. And so they have different timeline in term of stopping. Once the service is over, then either cost [ph] are immediately shutdown, or come back into the normal OpEx until we shut them down. So it's definitely a dynamic P&L, and we're focusing mainly on getting towards the end of the transition period, making sure that 100% of those stranded costs have been eliminated.
Matthew Brown: Yes, and Saket you asked a specific question around amounts. It was - as we've indicated in the investor relations deck at $65 million, is included down in other income and expense, and that is offset by the income that we're getting.
Operator: And our next question is from line of Brad Zelnick from Credit Suisse. Brad?
Brad Zelnick: My first question for you, I'd like to drill down into the marketing investments a bit, if you can help us better understand which channels, you're seeing the best conversion from, and perhaps the demographics of the incremental customers that you're adding?
Vincent Pilette: Yes so, we have our traditional long-form investment TV, radio, et cetera. Those have been very efficient, low CAGR [ph] and strong recurrent, and continues to be that way. We now have redirected some of the marketing investment into social media and other new avenues. And we see early success and sign off of newness, if you want going into those channels. So we'll continue to invest money to that and optimize our customer acquisition cost, as we learn about those channels. Want to add anything, Samir on that one?
Samir Kapuria: Yes just dovetailing and that we're focused on moment of truth marketing to grow our customer base, first and foremost. And although TV and radio are important parts of our funnel, we've added the investment into new digital media. So as Vincent shared social, but also search engine optimization and mobile. And while our focus on investing is in those channels, it's also investing in international performance marketing including Europe and in Asia. And as you know with the NortonLifeLock and our Checkmark, we have a very powerful brand. So most of our marketing investments is, to take that trust brand and channel it so that people are more aware around our cyber safety solutions and drive customer growth from that.
Brad Zelnick: Thank you so much, Samir, that's actually very helpful. And if I could just follow-up for Matt, I suppose it's good to see how well ahead of plan you all are on eliminating stranded costs, now less than $1 billion versus the original estimate of $1.5 billion. Can you just maybe help us understand what's changed, and is there even a chance that number might come down further from here?
Matthew Brown: So, I don't want to commit to getting faster than what we've already done, but I'm happy that we were able to accelerate the elimination of those stranded costs. And so what we've seen as we've pulled forward some of those actions earlier than had been expected. And as a result now, we've been able to lower the amount, the cumulative amounts post transition to just under $1 billion. But I think that's where we'll leave it for now.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Walter Pritchard from Citi. Walter.
Walter Pritchard: Vincent couple questions, one around our growth renewals or the inverse with churn any commentary there and - if you saw any changes? And then, I'm curious how you're thinking about the OEM channel, the PC OEM channel, going forward as an avenue for acquiring customers.
Vincent Pilette: Yes so two things on renewal, we share every quarter, but we share that. I think one or two quarters ago that we were around slightly under 85%. The renewal rates have been extremely stable. Overall, renewal bucket has continued, contributed to the growth overall so, good stabilization. The second comment around, let's call it avenue or distribution of the growth and going into every way to reach customers. We mainly obviously a direct to customer acquisition and distribution company, but we look at all aspect. On the OEM side, we have one or two. As you know and we look always at all options, making sure that we do not overlook anything. We have no specific plan to share today, but we'll continue to look broadly at all ways to reach our consumers.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Gregg Moskowitz from Mizuho Securities. Gregg?
Gregg Moskowitz: Hi guys so, a bit of a follow-up to Brad's question as you alluded to in your prepared remarks. This is the first time in a while in which the number of subscribers increased sequentially, by my count in at least 10 quarters. And Vincent, it sounds like the ROI from the increased marketing focus will probably be seen more in fiscal 2021. But I'm just wondering what you would say the primary driver of the improvement in subs at this stage?
Vincent Pilette: Yes so, a couple of comments. The first one, if you right, is the first one sees Q2, 2018, when there was a breach with Equifax, if you remember. So I would say, it's the first coin, a very, very long time that we are growing sequentially, structurally without a specific event being driven in the market, which I think is very, very encouraging. Now, I would still call it also it grew 66,000 sequentially. I would still call it like kind of stabilization mode, and the early sign of success has been mainly of raising the marketing investment to then review where we are marketing our products, and making consumers aware of the need and the product. So moving into new channels that we discussed and moving internationally. And then afterwards because we are a product company obviously continuously of launching new products and Samir talked about the new functionalities, Norton 360, a new concept for a membership fee. You can access to all of the functionality on our portfolio and that got really good reception.
Gregg Moskowitz: And then just as a follow-up, are you showing any progress on up selling at the point of renewal, or do you see a realistic opportunity to take that higher going forward?
Vincent Pilette: So the first objective for us, outside of growing our consumers, is really to move and increase the adoption of our Norton360 membership structure. We launched that in April. So as Fatima mentioned earlier, we're going to hit the one-year renewal event. And at different point of the life cycles, we have the opportunity to continue to demonstrate high value and up-sell.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next questions line of Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley. Keith?
Keith Weiss: Thank you for taking the questions and very nice quarter. One question, kind of digging in, again and kind of the Brad Zelnick vein but on the other side of the equation in terms of your ability to monetize some of these stranded assets, and that number going up. Is that the result of kind of what you've been able to realize already, or are you kind of revising your estimates on some of the remaining assets on a going forward basis. And then I have follow-up question?
Vincent Pilette: Yes so no, absolutely. So we sold [technical difficulty] partial ownership in digital business, the ID Analytics, and then we revising based on the price at which we sold those assets, plus the first set of offers that we got for most of our facilities that we put for sales.
Keith Weiss: And then on the core business, on the ARPU side of the equation any improvements that you're seeing there. Could you help us unpack a little bit of kind of where those are coming from? What sort of  how much of that comes from sort of mix shift towards some of the higher price solutions? How much if any, is coming from just absolute price increases you're putting against the product, or less promotions against the product? So you get a better understanding of the durability of those ARPU increases?
Samir Kapuria: Hi, it's Samir. So, as we discuss a little earlier cyber safety and the rollout of the combined membership offering has been our focus. And with that security, privacy, identity and home capabilities, they do have a higher ARPU. And as we add those capabilities, we're seeing more and more of our customers adopt that solution set, and that's reflected in the ARPU increase as well as the retention comments that Vincent shared earlier. And above and beyond, that user growth is our priority in multiple geographies. So those are both high ARPU geographies. But as we focus on user growth, we might also be looking at lower ARPU cohorts specifically to adopt a higher volume of users.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Karl Keirstead from Deutsche Bank. Karl?
Karl Keirstead: I've got a revenue growth and a cash flow question. I'll ask both at once. So you highlighted, you just put up your second consecutive quarter of 4% billings growth in the core business. And I guess my question there is, whether your confidence level that that can be a catalyst for you to achieve revenue growth in the consumer segment of mid-single digits, sometime in fiscal 2021 is now greater? And then on the cash flow side, you outlined the stranded cost impact on OpEx and other income, a combined $150 million, but what was the impact on free cash flow that you reported $389 million? So that we can get some sense of how the core business is tracking towards your goal of $900 million in run rate? Thank you.
Vincent Pilette: Yes, thanks for the two questions. I'll start with the gross, booking gross 4% for now two quarters in a row. Customer count growth are two very good leading indicators of the future state of the business and what it will mean for the revenue line, which is more of an accounting line. If you go back to the end of fiscal year 2019, we had revenue decline, we had deferred balance decline and we had a customer count decline. And what you see today  on the revenue line is the impact of those metrics, 12 months ago. So obviously, as I mentioned booking growth and customer count growth are two operational metrics that we are really driving for. And achieving these results, I would say are early sign of success. I would not call them yet sustainable growth, but there definitely encouraging sign that we are on the right path to deliver on our strategy. In terms of the cash flow, you mentioned the cost on the continued operations P&L, you also have discounted operations and restructuring, all of which impact cash flow. And this quarter in Q3, we also had the collection of the accounts receivable from the enterprise segment, since the deal from Broadcom did not take the AR that we're pre-closed [ph]. So it was really a higher quarter due to that. When we peel down our cash flow statement and look what's linked to our consumer business, we're well on track to deliver our $900 million free cash flow annualized for the quarter, if you want, or by the end of the transition period.
Operator: And our next question is from line of Shaul Eyal from Oppenheimer & Company. Shaul?
Shaul Eyal: Vincent, one of the views supporting the stellar growth of some of the next generation endpoints 80 providers is that they are displacing some of the legacy providers, Symantec included, within that list. Should we expect that due to starts and change going forward, if you can sustain this level of performance in your view?
Vincent Pilette: Im not exactly sure what you refer to, but I really want to detach our view as an endpoint security provider, and much more back to the membership. Norton 360 of course offer security is a basic view for your endpoint devices, but it also offers privacy to our VPN, offering it, offers identity protection. It now moves internationally with dark web monitoring. And we are much more company offering a cyber safety membership, if you want, creating and helping to design that category is a new category for consumers.
Shaul Eyal: And my follow up, I'm interested actually in your  more of a product related question. The dark web that you outlined, are these sensors that you're receiving in the dark web is it more analytics driven? What's the exact product being utilized? Is it home-grown, and what's the go-to market strategy associated with this product? Thank you.
Samir Kapuria: And that's a great question. As you know, identity protection is a growing need for consumers around the world, and one of the key platforms stolen information exchanges on the dark web. But our secret sauce is the question you're asking. And the answer is yes. We have all different ways in which we are monitoring the dark web. At the end of the day, being able to bring a dark web capability to our customers around the globe requires us to have a robust way in which we monitor for PII potentially being stolen and sold in the dark web. And what our focus is on how we get that information real-time to our consumers so they're alerted and able to take action on it.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, at this time we have no further questions, I'd like to turn it back over to Vincent Pilette for closing remarks.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you. Thanks for joining us today. While there is a lot to feel good about, our transformation will not be linear. We still have ways to go to deliver sustainable growth and delight our customers. We need to keep delivering innovative solutions to make the world cyber safe. I am confident that this team can build on early signs of success. This first quarter inspires us to reach our full potential as the pure play leader in consumer cyber safety. It is an exciting start for our journey at NortonLifeLock. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for joining us for NortonLifeLock's fiscal third quarter 2020 earnings call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2019-11-07 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Norton LifeLock's Second Quarter Fiscal 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Ms. Cynthia Hiponia, Norton LifeLock Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Cynthia Hiponia: Great. Thank you, Ian. I'm pleased to welcome you to our call to discuss our second quarter fiscal year 2020 earnings results. We've posted the earnings materials and slides to our Investor Relations events web page. Speakers on today's call are Rick Hill, Norton LifeLock's Interim President and CEO; Vincent Pilette, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Samir Kapuria, EVP and General Manager of Cyber -- Consumer Cyber Safety. This call will be available for replay via webcast on our website.  As a reminder, in connection with the sale of certain assets of our Enterprise Security business to Broadcom on November 4, 2019, we changed our corporate name from Symantec to Norton LifeLock. The results of our Enterprise Security business were classified as discontinued operations and are consolidated -- condensed consolidated statements of operations and thus excluded from both continuing operations and segment results for all periods presented.  Starting in the second quarter of fiscal 2020, we operate in one reportable segment. Revenues and associated costs of our ID Analytics solutions, which were formerly included in the Enterprise Security segment, are now included in our remaining reportable segment. The assets acquired and liabilities sold to Broadcom were classified as discontinued operations in our condensed consolidated balance sheet.  I'd like to remind everyone that all references to financial metrics are non-GAAP, unless otherwise stated. Please refer to the supplemental materials posted on the Investor Relations website for further definitions of our non-GAAP metrics.  Please note, non-GAAP financial measures referenced during this call are reconciled to their comparable GAAP financial measures in the press release and supplemental materials posted on our website. We believe our presentation of non-GAAP financial measures, when taken together with corresponding GAAP financial measures, provides meaningful supplemental information regarding our operating performance for reasons discussed below. Our management team uses these non-GAAP financial measures in assessing our operating results as well as when planning and forecasting future periods. We believe our non-GAAP financial measures also facilitate comparisons of our performance to prior periods and that investors benefit from understanding our non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures are supplemental and should not be considered as a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with GAAP.  Today's call contains forward-looking statements based on conditions we currently see. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current date, and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations.  In particular, our statements regarding our sale of our Enterprise Security assets to Broadcom, any anticipated benefits from such sale and the cost reductions associated with this transaction are subject to a variety of risks. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information.  You will also find a detailed discussion about our risk factors in our filings with the SEC and, in particular, in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal ended March 29, 2019, and recently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q.  Let me now turn the call over to Rick.
Richard Hill: Thank you, Cynthia, and thank all of you for joining us this afternoon. It's been another exciting inning, and we have quite a bit of good news to discuss today. Earlier this week, we closed the sale of our Enterprise Security assets to Broadcom for $10.7 billion. With the close of this transaction, we have changed our company name and are now Norton LifeLock, a global leader in Consumer Cyber Safety, and we are now trading under the new ticker of NLOK. So it's been quite a busy quarter to say the least.  The entire Board is proud of what this team has accomplished in 2 quarters. The management and the Board has delivered on our commitment to drive to unlock value in Enterprise Security and Consumer Cyber Safety. In addition, we met our revenue guidance in Q2, and we're over the high end of guidance in Q2 for EPS. But what I'm most proud of to announce for the company is the new management team that the Board and I believe can deliver both the elimination of stranded costs and growth in the Norton LifeLock business. The Board has approved the promotion of Vincent Pilette to CEO and promotion of Samir Kapuria to the position of President. These 2 seasoned leaders, coupled with our industry renowned CTO, Dr. Hugh Thompson, give Norton LifeLock a world-class leadership team who are well-respected and provide continuity in the Norton LifeLock business. They will not miss a heartbeat.  Vincent brings a history of deep operational discipline, financial fluency and natural leadership skills. Samir provides in-depth understanding of the operational capabilities and needs of the consumer business, while Dr. Hugh Thompson brings the vision and understanding of today's consumer customer threats as well as a vision of what threats the consumers doesn't even know about yet. In addition, we have asked Matt Brown to pinch hit as the CFO of Norton LifeLock as we search for a new CFO for Norton LifeLock, and that CFO will be located in Tempe, Arizona. But before I return to Hawaii and downward-facing dog, let me summarize the key highlights that put this business on the right track as Vincent and Samir step in to their new roles. First, we identified and recruited an individual who I feel has tremendous skills and I believe will be one of my greatest CEO recommendations. Vincent is a natural leader. He has an unrelenting drive for results and has consumer business and operating jobs. He has honed as a CFO at Logitech. He has both high tech and consumer experience. He has gained the respect of both the transition team and consumer team as he architected and executed the Enterprise sale to Broadcom, the identification of line of sight on elimination of stranded costs and a strategy for the consumer business going forward.  In addition, Dan Schulman has worked with Board to restructure itself to a more appropriate size for our $2.5 billion consumer business. As announced today, Dan Schulman, Rick Hill, Anita Sands, Suzanne Vautrinot, David Mahoney and Dale Fuller will step down at the December 19, 2019, Annual Meeting. I'd like to thank all the members of the Board who selflessly stepped down to help accelerate elimination of stranded costs.  Remaining on the Board will be Ken Hao, David Humphrey, Peter Feld, Frank Dangeard, Paul Unruh and Susan Barsamian. At the Annual Meeting, we will add 2 additional members, Vincent Pilette and Nora Denzel, and the new Board will select their Chairman at the Annual Meeting. Personally, I would like to thank the Board, management team, employees and you, our investors, for the support you have shown me for my 3 innings on the mound. On Monday, we closed the transaction on the sale of the Enterprise Security assets to Broadcom for $10.7 billion. And over the last 60 days, Vincent has identified line of sight to deliver better results than we spoke about at our August conference call. Our estimated annualized stranded costs are now $1.3 billion, down from $1.5 billion through the negotiating prowess of Vincent and his team. And the cash cost to remove these stranded costs are also lower, down from $1 billion to $900 million.  We had also stated that we would self-fund the majority of these cash costs with the sale of our underutilized assets. In early October, we received proceeds from the sale of our DigiCert equity investment of approximately $378 million. And we now believe that, combined with the sale of our underutilized real estate and total proceeds from monetized assets, we can fund over $1.1 billion. This deal is a home run from the perspective of this relief pitcher. When we announced this transaction on our last earnings call, we have made a commitment to return 100% of the after-tax proceeds or $8.2 billion to shareholders in the form of a $12 special dividend. We maintain and reiterate that commitment and expect the dividend to be declared and distributed in the fiscal Q4 once all the funds are repatriated.  Reiterating to focus you on our commitment to doing what we say, for quarter 2, we delivered results in line with guidance for total company revenue, with in-line results for both Enterprise Security and Consumer Cyber Safety revenue. Both our total company operating margin and our fully diluted EPS were above our guidance ranges, and we grew year-over-year. This is a big accomplishment given the amount of resources and time required in completing the divestiture of Enterprise Security and the restructuring actions we began in order to transition to a stand-alone cyber safety company with an optimized cost structure. I want to thank the employees for their dedication and focus over the last several months. I cannot be more proud of this team, and I have full confidence in Vincent, Samir, Hugh and Matt as they step into their new leadership roles.  Now as I leave the mound for the locker room and then on to Hawaii for some serious downward-facing dog, let me turn the call over to Vincent, who will review our results in more details and discuss our go-forward plans. Vincent?
Vincent Pilette: Thank you, Rick. I would like to thank Rick for his leadership and partnership. There are many good things that Rick brought to this company. The most important, he made us believe that through great execution and teamwork, we can tackle seemingly and surmountable challenges. Closing an asset deal of this magnitude within one quarter while running the company is the perfect example of the leadership he provided. On behalf of everyone, thank you, Rick.
Richard Hill: Thank you.
Vincent Pilette: Although Rick already shared some key highlights, it is worth repeating them. The sales of our Enterprise business for $10.7 billion closed on Monday. The annualized stranded costs are now estimated to be $1.3 billion, down from $1.5 billion. The stranded costs are planned to be eliminated over 12 months at an estimated cash cost of $900 million. The estimated cash cost of $900 million is expected to be more than funded by the sales of real estate and other assets, primarily comprised of multiple campuses that are now for sale and are expected to be sold by mid of next year.  We proudly launched our new company name, Norton LifeLock and designated Tempe, Arizona as our new headquarters. We start already to rightsize our cost structure as reflected in our 8% sequential decrease in headcount. We delivered on our commitment for Q2 revenue. And even better, we delivered better-than-expected operating margin.  We have a lot of work in front of us to build a vibrant consumer company, and as demonstrated by our Q2 achievements, there is no better team to deliver on that promise. Today, I've accepted the role of CEO as we transform into a consumer pure-play. Samir Kapuria has been promoted to President, and we have named Matt Brown, our current and talented Chief Accounting Officer, as Interim CFO. We have also launched a search for a new permanent CFO to be in Tempe. I look forward to partnering closely with Samir, Matt and Hugh and everyone at the company.  As this quarter was under my CFO responsibilities, I will review the Q2 financials. In Q2, we moved the majority of our Enterprise Security business into discontinued operations. While we had to change our reporting structure, it's important for me to give you a view of our results as compared to the non-GAAP guidance we provided on August 8, which would have included both continuing and discontinued operations.  Total company Q2 revenue was $1.187 billion, flat year-over-year and in line with our guidance. Consumer revenue was $595 million. And Enterprise revenue, $592 million. Operating margin was 33.9%, up 220 basis points year-over-year, exceeding guidance of 31% to 33%, with Consumer segment margin of 50.1% and Enterprise segment margin of 17.6%. Fully diluted EPS was $0.46, exceeding guidance of $0.40 to $0.44 and up 10% year-over-year. As mentioned, the majority of our Enterprise Security segment moved under discontinued operations. So under our new reporting structure, in the second quarter, revenue from our continuing operations was $608 million, flat year-over-year in constant currency. Continuing operations now includes revenue and costs from our ID Analytics business, which was formerly included in the Enterprise Security segment and which contributed $13 million to Q2 revenue.  While our Q2 reported cost structure is complex and burdened with stranded costs, our core business remains on track. Under continuing operations, we reported $92 million in cost of goods sold and $338 million in operating expenses, which equals to $430 million in total spend. Spend related to stranded costs in that continued operations P&L was approximately $130 million in Q2. Therefore, the remaining spend, approximately $300 million, was related to our Consumer Cyber Safety business and equates to approximately 50% operating margin, in line with our target consumer model. Due to accounting reporting requirements, for the next 12 months, our stranded costs will be located in multiple places in our P&L. Some will be in continued operations, some will be in discontinued operations, and some will be in restructuring. We will give you as much visibility as possible as we eliminate these stranded costs. I've learned through my career that it is better to overcommunicate it during times of changes. I want you to leave this call with confidence that we have full visibility to our cost structure, and that detailed transition plans are in place. I will be directly accountable to remove these stranded costs as soon as possible within the next 12 months.  In Q2, our cash flow from operations was $181 million with free cash flow of $154 million. We ended the second quarter with cash and shorter investment of $1.83 billion. On Monday, we announced a successful refinancing of our debt to extend upcoming maturities with our total debt level unchanged at $4.5 billion, as previously communicated.  Before I pass it over to Samir for more details on the Consumer business, I want to highlight the fact that we have a renewed vigor as we focus on the Consumer business with a sole objective to solidify our growth plan to return the business to mid-single-digit revenue growth in the long term. In Q2, we increased our marketing investment, primarily targeted at direct acquisition marketing programs focused on our Norton 360 membership offerings. Although it will take some time to flow the revenue line due to -- to flow to the revenue line due to subscription nature of the business, the reported billings growth of 4%, equivalent to bookings growth in consumer, is an early encouraging sign of the growth potential of that business.  And now let me turn the call over to Samir, who will do a deeper dive on Q2 consumer results.
Samir Kapuria: Thank you, Vincent. In April, we launched our Norton 360 membership plans in the U.S., Canada, U.K. and Germany. The memberships offer different levels of coverage of device protection, online privacy enablement, dark web monitoring and identity protection. In the second quarter, we further expanded our Norton 360 memberships in EMEA and APJ, including Spain, 6 Scandinavian countries and Japan. In the third quarter, we are targeting additional countries in EMEA and Asia Pacific and Latin America. This membership strategy allows us to increase value by offering a broader set of cyber safety products to consumers.  In the second quarter, we saw stabilization in the declines of our ending direct customer count of 20.1 million, which were flat sequentially and down 3% year-over-year. Over the last 2 quarters, we've increased our spending in direct customer acquisition marketing program in order to capture our longer-term growth opportunities. Average revenue per user, or ARPU, increased to $8.88 per month, up 1% sequentially and 2% year-over-year. We also protect millions of indirect users through our partnership relationships. In the second quarter, our partner revenue was up 2% year-over-year.  The foundation of our Consumer Cyber Safety strategy is to offer solutions that will protect all areas of consumers' online lives. Our offerings cover devices, identity, privacy and home and family. We created the Consumer Cyber Safety category with the acquisition of LifeLock in 2017. And going forward, as Norton LifeLock, with a singular focus, we will continue to be an industry leader through operational excellence and innovation.  Cyber risk is an expanding concern for everyone globally, and our team is constantly identifying new ways to provide cyber safety. I'm looking forward to partnering with Vincent, and together, expanding cyber safety to an ever-increasing market.
Vincent Pilette: Thanks, Samir. Let me now turn to our Q3 outlook and also discuss our capital allocation plan. In the third quarter, we expect revenue in the range of $602 million to $612 million or down 2% to flat year-over-year. We will continue to drive the business for growth, which is expected to continue to yield low single-digit bookings growth in Q3, ultimately delivering expected revenue growth in other quarters.  The timing and scope of the transition service agreements we have with Broadcom for the next few months and the complicated accounting treatment of the stranded and restructuring costs, as well as the elimination plans, can make the quarterly breakdown of our forecast spend more dynamic. Based on our plan today, we expect Q3 non-GAAP EPS for our continuing operations to be in the range of $0.05 to $0.10 per share based on a share count assumption of approximately flat sequentially, with our core business operating at about 50% profit margin and the rest of the spend made of stranded costs.  We are not providing Q3 GAAP EPS guidance due to extraordinary charges, more significantly the gain resulting from the sales of our Enterprise Security assets, which could yield $3 to $4 in GAAP EPS in Q3. While we provide guidance for the next quarter and we have our eyes on today's business activities, we actually manage the business towards our 12-month objectives. So let me reiterate that within the next 12 months, we will eliminate all stranded costs. Upon elimination of the stranded costs, the completion of the transition services to support Broadcom and a full year benefit from a share buyback program, we expect the operating margin of the company to reach 50% and annualized EPS to come to approximately $1.50. While I continue to give you quarterly forecast, it is progress against that annual goal, $1.50, by which we will determine our success.  As we announced last quarter, the Board and this management team are committed to returning to shareholders 100% of the after-tax proceeds of approximately $8.2 billion in the form of $12 special dividend, as Rick mentioned in his comments. The special dividend should be declared by our Board and paid in fourth fiscal quarter after all the funds are repatriated. Today, we also announced that we raised the regular quarterly dividend by 67% to $0.125 per share in the current quarter. At today's share price, this would equate to over 2% annual yield. Excluding the special dividend from the share price, this would equate to over 4% annual yield.  Finally, as a reminder, we have an existing $1.6 billion share repurchase authorization, which we expect to execute through the transition period. Let me finish with a few comments on why I've accepted this leadership role. This is a major transformation. On one side, we must rightsize our business operations following the Enterprise divestiture. On the other side, we have to continue to expand Norton LifeLock to make the cyber world a safer place for everyone.  On rightsizing the business, we have $1.3 billion of cost to eliminate. We need to monetize and dispose of unused assets. We will use the proceeds for those assets to fund cash costs related to winding down the stranded operations. On the other side, the focus on execution and optimization of our cost structure will enable us to fund many growth initiatives, such as the adoption of our new Norton 360 memberships, the conversion of partner subscribers to direct subscribers, the expansion outside the U.S. and the development of new products and functionalities.  Going forward, operational excellence, discipline and vision will continue to drive Consumer Cyber Safety to new levels. It is a privilege for me to partner with Samir, this executive team and all of our employees to emerge as a successful consumer company in cyber safety.  And with those comments, Rick, Samir and I are now happy to take any questions. Ian, I'll turn it back to you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from the line of Saket Kalia from Barclays.
Saket Kalia: Rick, Vincent, Samir, congrats on your respective transitions.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you.
Samir Kapuria: Thank you.
Saket Kalia: First, maybe for you, Vincent and Samir, just on the core business. Can we just talk a little bit about direct customer account? Samir, you talked about how it's stabilizing. Can you just give us a sense for how the respective betas of both Norton and LifeLock subscribers are maybe trending? And how you think about that direct customer count sort of going forward?
Vincent Pilette: Yes. So I can give the first question. First of all, as we said in last quarter, we started to use some of the savings to pull back into marketing investments, and those were primarily targeted at acquiring new customers to the direct marketing programs. For this quarter, we achieved about 20.1 million subscribers and are in the process of stabilizing that. I couldn't find such a stable quarter-over-quarter view, if you want, for the last few years, if you exclude the Equifax event in 2018. And so I think this is viewed as a very positive momentum.  We don't break out, as you know, Norton versus LifeLock, and we're trying to move now towards that membership program, where you get into the form of a membership view and add different functionalities. But I would say that privacy or identity protection are the primary marketing messages, if you want, and for what consumer are subscribing. Many of them, of course, get the security package with their membership. So that's the trend we've seen. Samir, do you want to add anything?
Samir Kapuria: I think Vincent covered it pretty well. I think the other indicator that we mentioned in our opening remarks is year-over-year, you're seeing a 2% increase in our ARPU, and that's reflected in our conversion of users into the cyber safety membership programs.
Saket Kalia: Got it. That's very helpful. Maybe for my follow-up for you, Vincent, just on the $1.3 billion in stranded costs. Thanks, by the way, for breaking it out and just partially in discontinued ops. I guess the question is, can you just go on a little deeper into the profile of those costs? And I know that you've talked about those going away over the next 12 months, but should we be thinking about those going away steadily over the next 12 months? Or could we see some big quarters or big reductions versus others? Anything on the cadence of those stranded costs and how they sort of get removed from the system would be helpful.
Vincent Pilette: No, absolutely. Now I want to tell you, we have a very good detailed plan on the operational activities and how to get rid of the activity, and therefore, the cost. The geography on the P&L, whether it's counted operation, discounted operation or restructuring, is really driven by the GAAP accounting rules. I have nothing to do with that. But we're providing all the visibility.  As you know, we will try to eliminate them as soon as possible in our projection, and it's including in our Q3 guidance, we have a big spike in stranded costs next quarter as we write off unused assets. This -- the bucket is really made of 3 areas. One is people cost, if you want, and the position needs to be kept for up to 6 months as we service Broadcom, or at least some of them. After which, the position will be eliminated. The second bucket is facilities, and we are exiting buildings as positions are being eliminated. That will be over the next 9 months. And the last one is contracts and other assets that we are either renegotiated or writing off.  So it will be a little bit choppy. I expect Q3 this coming quarter to probably be the biggest quarter, and then it will move down from there. I think the last piece I would mention for investors, we will provide a good view of the cash versus noncash item of those stranded costs. I think that's what matter in the value of the deal.
Operator: And our next questions are from the line of Fatima Boolani from UBS.
Fatima Boolani: Congratulations to you all in the new roles. I wanted to dig into the ID Analytics business. Just for the benefit of all of us, if you can just give us an overview of what this business exactly is, how it is distinct from the rest of the consumer portfolio. And what sort of revenue model are we looking at here? And then I have a follow-up for Samir.
Vincent Pilette: So the ID business is about a $50 million business today, and it provides some alert services and fraud alert services. The $50 million, obviously it's an annual number. I broke for last quarter, $13 million. Samir, I don't know if you want to add anything.
Samir Kapuria: Yes. Predominantly, IDA is focused on 2 areas, credit monitoring and fraud monitoring. And both is our very rich data sources, and the business model is to enable those data sources for multiple enterprise customers.
Fatima Boolani: Fair enough. I appreciate that. And Samir, on your discussion about international growth opportunities, there's been a ton of progress made in expanding your presence in ex U.S. geographies. I'm wondering if you can translate that into ARPU impact. I think, typically, we're used to seeing some ARPU degradation in international markets. So can you speak to sort of any divergence or any signs of price elasticity in non-U.S. regions from an ARPU perspective as you advance? That would be super helpful.
Samir Kapuria: Yes, given where -- that's a great question. Thanks for that. Given our -- being a premium brand with premium products, our initial focus in international expansion has been on the countries I mentioned, and we're targeting similar countries that have the ability to take the full offering of cyber safety at our existing ARPU levels.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Melissa Franchi from Morgan Stanley.
Melissa Franchi: Great. I'm dialing in for Keith Weiss. Congrats, everyone, on the new roles as well. I wanted to dig in to the sequential ARPU growth and get a little bit more detail on that. Samir, I know that you mentioned a greater adoption of the kind of the premium subscription in the cyber safety membership. But just wondering if there was any sort of onetime factors that drove the sequential increase in ARPU. And then looking forward, do you feel like those trends are sustainable and we should continue to see sequential growth?
Samir Kapuria: Yes. As we roll out our cyber safety programs, both through existing customer base as well as new customers, that ARPU that we're recognizing the 2% year-over-year is reflective of that rollout of the new program. I'd anticipate that as we penetrate more markets and continue to acquire new customers, we're going to see that reflect in our ARPU as well.
Melissa Franchi: Okay. That's helpful. And then I just wanted to follow up on distribution. You mentioned increased spend in direct customer acquisition. Is there any updated view on any other form of, I guess, partnerships or distribution, specifically, if we're going to revisit OEM relationships or partnerships? And how we should think about that moving forward?
Vincent Pilette: Hey, Melissa, this is Vincent. So yes, we've started weekly operational review with our Consumer business. And we kind of designed a matrix of opportunities, if you want. Our membership and our products on one axis, and on the other, the various form of distributions. And when we look at that matrix, we feel we have a lot of great opportunities. We did want first to increase our marketing in the direct customer acquisition program because that had been underfunded in the past, and now it's about doing both investing in distribution and, frankly, into new products to access some of those channels.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Karl Keirstead from Deutsche Bank.
Karl Keirstead: I just got questions about the path to $1.50 in EPS and $900 million in free cash flow. Maybe I'll ask both questions at the same time. So I think 3 months ago, you were expressing that we should feel good about the $1.50 because the Consumer business was essentially running at an annualized EPS of $1.40. So it really wasn't much of a leap to get to $1.50. Maybe I missed it in the presentations, but I wanted to ask what the annualized EPS for just the Consumer was in this most recent quarter so we can see how close it is to that $1.50.  And then secondly, on the free cash flow side, I don't think you're disclosing "consumer free cash flow," only the $154 million of combined free cash flow. But perhaps you can talk about consumer free cash flow, at least qualitatively, so we can feel a little bit better about the line of sight to that $900 million number.
Vincent Pilette: No, absolutely. I will -- now we will report all continued operations, as you know, combined of both the current consumer business plus all stranded costs. And moving forward, we will not have a segment reporting view. So there are things we can break as additional information and other that we cannot per the SEC or GAAP rules. And of course, we follow those.  If you look today the consumer business, it's still delivering a 50% operating profit margin, which was both our guidance and assumption in the last quarter. I had said at the time that if you use the current cost of capital, share count and the tax rate, you would be at around $1.40. And today, you're not different than that. We operate the consumer business at 50%. We have not started yet the share buyback program. So share count is relatively flat, and so we are very close to that number. Eliminating the stranded cost as part of that continued operations and reducing the share count will lead us to that $1.50 by the end of the 12-month transition period.  On the free cash flow side, because we operate the consumer business at 50% operating profit margin, which is almost the best proxy for your cash generation, we are roughly, this year, at that $900 million level, as I mentioned in August. No change there.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Gregg Moskowitz from Mizuho.
Gregg Moskowitz: Congratulations to all as well. I guess my first question, Vincent, I realize your billings in consumer grew 4% year-over-year this quarter. But historically, this business hasn't grown quite at that level. And I was wondering if you could elaborate on what would catalyze additional growth such that you could achieve mid-single digits growth on a sustainable basis. And as part of that, what gives you the confidence that the incremental marketing investments that you alluded to will drive a good ROI for the company?
Vincent Pilette: Yes. So today, if you look at the billing growth, it's 4% as we reported. There's a few moving pieces there. I would say low single-digit booking growth is the first quarter we have growth. In the last 3 quarters, it was flat to negative, as you mentioned and as we reported. The business was really run to maximize the profit. And since August, we've not only reinvested some of the incremental savings into marketing activities, but we started deep, weekly operational reviews with Samir, and we focused solely on developing growth opportunities, not just on maximizing profit.  And again, as I mentioned to that metric, like, our 5 membership, our top 10 opportunity to sell and 10 distribution, you have 100-cell matrix, and only a few of those today are fully addressed in terms of full opportunity. And so we see a lot of opportunity to continue to improve our operational efficiencies and redirect those savings into those. Some will be a little bit short term, like the direct customer acquisition. Some will be longer term. And the longer, longer term is to invest and build into huge vision of the Consumer Cyber Safety blanket, if you want. So that's where we are.  Bookings growth at low single digit will take -- because it's a subscription business, will take about four quarters to roll through the P&L. Today, the P&L suffered from the last four quarters of weak bookings, if you want. And so it will just take time to solve that. So that's our current position.
Gregg Moskowitz: Okay. That's very helpful. And then we've also been getting some questions on what the pro forma balance sheet may look like, and I think the special dividend, the stranded costs and the sale of real estate are very clear, but it might be helpful if you could also just please briefly address other primary sources and uses of cash over the next 6 to 12 months, inclusive of whether there might be any changes to the debt level as well as linearity of share purchases and then perhaps linearity of any incremental investments.
Vincent Pilette: Yes. I can give you a few views here on sources and uses of cash. First of all, I just want to remind you that compared to our assumption in August, our current stranded costs are coming lower. The cash portion of that is lower $900 million versus $1 billion assumed, and the tax proceeds received from sales of underutilized assets keep going up as we are conservative in our projections and only want to make sure we forecast why we have line of sight, too.  In the first quarter, we'll pay the $12 dividend. So that's for one timing. We have an assumption at this point in time that we'll use the $1.6 billion share buyback through the transition period. We want to have it both systemic and opportunistic. So depending on where we see it, we may act differently through that here.  For the sales of the real estate assets and others, for the lack of better knowledge, we kind of, in our forecast model, put them in the middle of the year. That's why I say mid of next year.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Brad Zelnick from Crdit Suisse.
Brad Zelnick: Congrats to all. I just wanted to follow up on Fatima's question and hoping you can confirm that and just clarify. The quarter benefited from $13 million in revenue being reallocated from Enterprise to Consumer for ID Analytics. And just want to understand how much of that was factored into your guidance and what's the margin profile of the ID Analytics business. And I've got a follow-up for Samir.
Vincent Pilette: Yes. So in the quarter, we have about $13 million of revenue. We are meeting our guidance for consumer. As you know, we guided into the old structure, which is a Consumer segment and an Enterprise segment. And the low end of our guidance for consumer, we guided $590 million. We delivered $595 million. In terms of the margin profile, that's really a business that sell to the Enterprise. They don't have the consumer margin, but the double-digit profit margin.
Brad Zelnick: And just, Samir, I think you spoke to this a bit when Fatima asked. But just operationally and strategically, what, if anything, changes in bringing ID Analytics back home and recombining with LifeLock?
Vincent Pilette: Hey, I want to make sure that we understand that. ID Analytics coming back into consumer is more the result of Broadcom buying the Enterprise business and not taking it, and so that's what we were grouping in that.
Samir Kapuria: Yes. And I think that's the summary right there. It is a separate line that's focused on the Enterprise side of the market that is not part of the Consumer go-to-market play.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Ken Talanian from Evercore ISI.
Kenneth Talanian: I was wondering if you could give us a sense for where your retention rates might trend going forward. You've seen good improvement in there over the years. And any programs in place that might help to improve them?
Vincent Pilette: So a couple of things, and I'll pass it to Samir. We reported last quarter a retention rate of 84.9% retention rates. They were flat and stable. The company did not disclose that on a quarterly basis. We're still reviewing now which operational metrics will be the most useful for investors as we continue to deep dive into growth opportunities. Definitely, through the adoption of the membership, the engagement with the user base, the increase of value added to the consumer, so more identity protection, more privacy protection, we do expect that we have opportunities for improving those retention rates. But we're obviously not giving you any either forecast or any number for the future.
Samir Kapuria: Yes. Our focus with our customer base is centered around activating and upgrading the relationship to that complete cyber safety platform across privacy, identity, security, home and family. And as we engage on all of those levels and have a greater relationship with our customers, we become stickier with them. And that's, in essence, the strategy we have.
Kenneth Talanian: Great. And I guess maybe as a follow-up. Could you give us a sense of what percentage of your existing base have both Norton and LifeLock or otherwise on a bundle?
Samir Kapuria: Yes. We launched our Consumer Cyber Safety platform model with the acquisition of LifeLock in 2017. And since then, we have not provided a breakout of subscribers by each cohort. But as we look into the opportunity we have ahead, we still have a lot of existing customers that we can upgrade and upsell into that Cyber Safety platform.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Jacek Rycko from Citi.
Walter Pritchard: It's Walter Pritchard here with Jacek. Two questions. First, just on the real estate side. Could you help us, Vincent, understand how much risk and how broad the ranges you see to the outcomes there with the proceeds that will come from the real estate?
Vincent Pilette: So you wanted the range, you mentioned? So we put already 4 or 5 campuses that we had for sales. At this point in time, it's the majority of the $1 billion we estimated. And we'll try to get the best price possible. If we have an update, we'll give it to you.
Walter Pritchard: And then as you're thinking about the modest investments that you're putting back into the business and sort of aiming for this full cybersecurity suite, how are you thinking about acquisitions either larger opportunities or tuck-in tight deals that would help along that strategy?
Vincent Pilette: Yes. So we're not ruling out any opportunities for growth as we have a unique position. I would say today, we're really focusing on executing on our plans, eliminating the stranded costs, building the operational muscles in the Consumer business to shift from maximizing profit to really focusing on growth. We felt that the first investment to return to organic growth was to increase our direct marketing investment programs. That was the most urgent thing to do with the more immediate returns. The next view is really driving -- or going to drive the operational efficiencies, and we're redirecting some of those savings more into the R&D, and overall, building the products. And then at the right time, when we have the right operational cadence, we can always have tuck-in acquisitions, either as a function we add on as a trade-off of our R&D budget or because we want to add more subscribers into our overall offerings.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Patrick Colville from Arete Research.
Patrick Colville: Vince, congratulations on the appointment. Can I ask a quick question on the cost savings? So you mentioned in the slides a $400 million benefit from divestiture of equity investments. What's that?
Vincent Pilette: So we had a minority stake into a business, DigiCert, that was sold in October.
Patrick Colville: Okay. Understood. And your guidance for next quarter implies 1% decline on the top line at the midpoint, which given the flat sequential custom count this quarter and then rising ASPs, just to kind of understand how you got to that number. Because the trends this quarter look very positive and look like things are kind of picking up, but then the guidance for next quarter suggests a downward inflection. So any color you could provide there would be great.
Vincent Pilette: Yes, absolutely. So this is a subscription business, right, a 12-month subscription business, where a lot of the revenue in the quarter is coming off the balance sheet from those revenues rolling off and a minority of the revenue coming from bookings in period revenue. If you look at the bookings for the last 4 quarters, excluding the extra week last quarter, they had a decline, a negative growth. And currently, the revenue coming from those prior quarters' negative booking growth is impacting the revenue. As you mentioned, the more positive forward-looking metric is bookings growth, which was low single digit in this quarter, and we forecast the same for the following quarter. And secondly, the stabilization of the customer count, which will continue as we continue to invest in direct marketing. It will take a few quarters to flush through that balance sheet adjustment, if you want. And as I mentioned that after the transition period, we should be able to be in a business, that 50% operating margin, delivering $1.50 and growing low single digits.
Operator: And at this time, I'm showing that we have no other questions. I'd like to turn it back to Vincent for closing remarks.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you very much. I appreciate you attending the call. We'll do our best to continue to update you on our progress. And with that, I would like to close the call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2019-08-09 17:45:00) =====
Company Representatives: Rick Hill - Interim President, Chief Executive Officer Vincent Pilette - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Hugh Thompson - Chief Technology Officer  Cynthia Hiponia - Vice President of Investor Relations
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen. My name is Ian and I will be your conference operator today. At this time Id like to welcome everyone to Symantec, Fiscal Quarter One 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you.  I'd now like to turn the call over to Cynthia Hiponia. Ma'am, you may begin.
Cynthia Hiponia : Right, good afternoon everyone. This is Cynthia Hiponia, Vice President of Investor Relations at Symantec, and I'm pleased to welcome you to our call to discuss our first quarter fiscal year 2020 earnings results and Symantecs divestiture of its Enterprise Security assets. We posted the earnings materials and slides to our Investor Relations events webpage.  Speakers on today's call are Rick Hill, Symantec's Interim President and CEO and Vincent Pilette, our Executive Vice President and CFO. This call will be available for replay via the webcast on our website. I'd like to remind everyone that all references to financial metrics are non-GAAP unless otherwise stated. Please refer to the supplemental materials posted on the investor relations website for further definitions of our non-GAAP metrics.  Please note, non-GAAP financial measures referenced during this call are reconciled to their comparable GAAP measures in the press release and supplemental materials posted on our website. We believe our presentation of non-GAAP financial measures when taken together with corresponding GAAP financial measures provide more meaningful supplemental information regarding our operating performance for reasons discussed below. Our management team uses those non-GAAP financial measures in assessing our operating results, as well as when planning and forecasting future periods. We believe our non-GAAP financial measures also facilitate comparisons of our performance to prior periods and that investors benefit from understanding our non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures are supplemental and should not be considered as substitute for financial information presented in accordance with GAAP.  Today's call contains forward-looking statements based on conditions as we currently see them. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current date, and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that may actual results to differ materially from our current expectations.  In particular our statements regarding our proposed sales of our Enterprise Security assets and plans following completion of the sale are subject to a variety of risks, including the risks that the transaction does not close. Please refer to the cautionary statements and our press release for more information. You will also find a detailed discussion about our risk factors and our filings with the SEC, and in particular in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 29, 2019.  With that, let me now turn the call over to Rick.
Rick Hill : Thank you, Cynthia and thank all of you for joining us today. When I joined Symantec I was informed there's never a dull moment at the company. Well, needless to say it's been quite an inning since I joined Symantec in April and I have been very fortunate to have Vincent Pilette, who is here with me today having joined in early May.  During that time we as a management team undertook a deep dive of the organization from the products and underlying technology, to the go-to-market strategies for both Enterprise and Consumer.  We implemented cost cutting initiatives and spend control programs, while identifying key growth opportunities for both enterprise and consumer. Despite the leadership and organizational changes and external noise, our team delivered solid Q1 results with non-GAAP revenue, operating margin, and EPS, all above our guidance.  We were up both year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter. As many have heard me say, I'd rather be lucky than good, and I am lucky to work with a talented group of executives and employees who have the capability of delivering superior results to both our customers and employees, and shareholders.  Now, let me turn to the big news today. What first attracted me to Symantec was a clear opportunity to unlock the value in both our Enterprise and Consumer Groups. Our announcement today, the sale of the Enterprise Security assets to Broadcom for $10.7 billion in cash achieved this by obtaining an attractive valuation for Enterprise Security.  For an asset that produced approximately 50% of our revenue and approximately $2.5 billion in revenue, which is about $2.5 billion and 10% of our operating income in the first quarter of fiscal 2020. Think about that for a moment, $10.7 billion in cash for approximately 10% of our operating income.  As stated on our earnings call last quarter, we are committed to our Integrated Cyber Defense platform, which has produced a strong and competitive portfolio of industry leading enterprise solution. Broadcom's acquisition of these solutions validates Symantecs Enterprise Integrated Cyber Defense Strategy and insures seamless service for existing customers and the continued development of innovative and market leading products in a dynamically growing market.  Combining Symantecs technology with Broadcom's reach and proven operational excellence will delight customers and create a powerful force in the market, and enable our enterprise business to grow without us having to invest in fixing our go-to-market model.  As Vincent and I will discuss in our comments, this transaction delivers a superior outcome to our shareholders and there are four key elements to understand. The attractive valuation we are receiving for our enterprise assets. $10.7 billion for a business that generated 10% of our operating income for quarter one, granted a huge opportunity for growth, but given the go-to-market strategy we had employed, we were consistently falling short of that objective.  Second, the size and cash expense of stranded costs in the remaining company and how long it will take us to eliminate those costs. Vincent will discuss this in detail. The third thing is the attractive long term model for the Consumer Cyber Safety business, also known as Norton LifeLock.  And finally four, our commitment as a Board and Management Team to return capital to shareholders. We believe that the $10.7 billion is an attractive valuation for a business with industry leading solutions in a fast growing market.  Now, using my reverse Polish HP 35 calculator let me put this in perspective. The $8.2 billion after tax proceeds is roughly the equivalent of $12 per share. We believe that post the 12 month transition period as a standalone company, our Consumers Cyber Safety business can generate a $1.50 in non-GAAP annual earnings per share.  Now you apply a multiple of 13 to that number, add it to the $12 per share we are getting for our Enterprise Assets and you get a share price in excess of $30 a share for Symantec. Now obviously, a stable dividend generating company in a low interest to negative interest rate environment would clearly garner higher than a 13x multiple. We believe this represents a nice premium to the share price prior to our announcement today.  Now once the agreement is closed, the remaining company will have approximately $1.5 billion in stranded costs, which we have determined will cost approximately $1 billion in cash to eliminate. Vincent will address this in more detail, but we believe we can self-fund the majority of these restructuring costs using the value of the underutilized assets such as real-estate which is located in a highly attractive location.  We believe this transition period will take approximately 12 months from the close of this agreement to realize all of the cost savings, after which we will have a more nimble and unencumbered pure-play consumer side safety business.  We will be able to use the significant cash generation from operations to fund growth and continue the innovation within Norton LifeLock. We have all seen recent breach headlines that affect tens of millions of people. These incidences are just one example of what is driving consumers increasing need for cyber safety.  As corporations harden their defenses against cybercrime, cyber criminals will continue to try and infect consumers, making them potential carriers into the business where they work. No different than the proliferation of the flu virus during flu season. It is our job as a consumer company to inoculate these carriers and our consumer B-to-B-to-C strategy will play a major role on the front lines in the battle against cybercrime.  Now with a large and growing market, Norton LifeLock addresses consumers increasing need for cyber safety. Our integrated solutions built around our core technologies across device security, identity protection, privacy and home and family safety are enhanced value to all our members. Consumer Cyber Safety delivered solid results in the first quarter, driven by the increasing value we delivered to our members.  We increased investment in advertising and promotion at the beginning of fiscal year 2020 and will continue to invest into direct customer acquisition programs to drive direct member additions. Our partner programs continue to grow members and our retention rate is approximately 85% across the business. We believe in the long term. Our Consumer Cyber Safety business can grow revenue in the mid-single digits with operating margins of approximately 50% and earnings growth above revenue growth. This model can provide an attractive dividend yield and generate free cash flow of approximately $7 million annually.  So let's summarize. Weve announced a transaction that we believe delivers an attractive valuation for our Enterprise Security asset. Weve identified our stranded costs and how long it'll take to remove them from the remaining business, and we have provided our view on the long term financial model that a peer play Consumer Cyber Safety business can achieve with an optimized cost structure.  Now let me outline the signals we have sent on returning capital to shareholders. We intend to deliver a $12 per share special dividend to shareholders after the close of the transaction, which represents approximately 100% of the after tax proceeds from this transaction.  We announced an increase in our share repurchase program of $1.6 billion and we expect to raise our quarterly dividend by 67% to $12.05 per share or $0.50 annually after the close of the transaction. And additionally, we are committed to continue to return to shareholder capital as the cash flows of the company permit.  The sale of our Enterprise Security assets delivers a win for our Enterprise and Consumer customers and for our shareholders. Hock Tan, Broadcoms President and CEO will begin the integration planning process immediately. Hock has built a leading technology company and Symantec Enterprise Security will be another key asset in a software company portfolio.  Looking forward, as we work towards closing this agreement in December quarter, well continue to focus on the operational discipline and execute on multiple initiatives to drive revenue growth in the Consumer Cyber Safety business.  I'd like to thank all of our shareholders for the patience they have shown and we hope you see the commitment of the board and the management team have to you and our employees.  Let me now turn the call over to Vincent, the best higher Symantec has ever made, who will review our quarter one results, give our outlook for the second quarter and provide more details on the agreement. 
Vincent Pilette : Thank you, Rick. As Rick mentioned, we demonstrated our capacity to execute on our plan and deliver solid Q1 results. This quarter we delivered broad-based performance on revenue growth and profit levels across our business.  We also developed a restructuring plan to improve productivity and simplify the way we manage the business, and finally, we negotiated the sale of our Enterprise Security assets to Broadcom for $10.7 million in cash, representing about 36 times FY 19 Enterprise Segment operating income, about 27x after tax.  The completion of this transaction will unlock the embedded value in Enterprise Security, while enabling Consumer Cyber Safety to emerge as a pure play market leader with strong earnings power. No doubt that this transformational transaction, repositioning our company as a pure play consumer business will be at the center of every discussion. However, allow me to first comment on Q1.  In this first quarter of fiscal year 2020 we delivered better than expected revenue of $1.251 billion, up 9% year-over-year in constant currency. Excluding the extra week that we had this quarter, revenue grew 2% year-over-year in constant currency. For the quarter, we generated an operating profit margin of 30%, up 2 points year-over-year driven by revenue growth and disciplines cost management. Fully diluted earnings per share was $0.43, up 23% year-over-year. In the quarter we generated $325 million of cash flow from operations.  In our Enterprise Security Segment we delivered revenue of $615 million, up 11% year-over-year in constant currency and up 4% year-over-year excluding the extra week. Revenue was $40 million above the high-end of our guidance due to higher mix of sales yielding upfront revenue in the quarter, as well as higher than expected ratable revenue.  Our Q1 Enterprise Security reported billings where $497 million, up 10% year-over-year, slightly better than expectations built into our revenue guidance communicated three months ago. In Q1 we generated Enterprise Security operating margins of 7%.  In our Consumer Cyber Safety segment we generated revenue of $636 million, slightly better than expected due to higher partner revenue and strength in our subscription revenue. We delivered revenue growth of 7% year-over-year in constant currency and flat year-over-year excluding the extra week. In Q1 average revenue per user or ARPU increased to $8.83 per month, up 2% over year-over-year normalized for that extra week. Our average direct custom count was $20.2 million down 3% year-over-year. We also protect millions of consumers through our partners and partner revenue was up 5% in the quarter.  In Q1 we begin increasing investments in direct customer acquisition marketing spend. The increase in marketing investments will continue into Q2 in order to capture our long term growth opportunities as we look ahead to operating as a pure play market leader in this space.  Keep in mind there is a lag effect on when we begin to see the positive impact on subscriber growth from when direct customer acquisition programs launch. These investments are expected to be funded by reductions in infrastructure and G&A costs.  In Q1 we launched our Integrated Solution memberships on the Norton and LifeLock websites in the U.S. Internationally in Canada, the UK and Germany the Norton.com website now offers integrated offerings that include secure backup, VPN and privacy controls. Adding value to our membership subscriptions will allow us to grow subscribers and ARPU. As such, we believe we will see a meaningful impact on both ARPU and custom accounts in the back half of FY 20 and the more meaningful way in FY 21.  Finally, Consumer Cyber Safety operating margin was 53% compared to 44% a year ago, a growth of 9 points year-over-year. Moving forward, we intend to maintain an optimal level of investment to support our growth objectives, with an operating margin target of around 50%. I'm incredibly excited by the long-term prospects of our Consumer Cyber Safety business, which will have full ownership of its own destiny following the completion of the sale of our Enterprise Security assets.  Before I turn to Q1 balance sheet and cash flow, I want to say a few words about our cost structure. The three main changes of operations across the company are speed of execution, productivity and customer focus.  As part of our plan we developed over the last couple of months, we announced today a $100 million restructuring program aimed at improving productivity and reducing complexity in the way we manage the business. This plan includes a 7% reduction of headcount and closures of certain sites. We expect the majority of these actions which we have already started today to be done by the third quarter.  In the quarter we generate cash flow from operating activities of $325 million compared to $331 million in Q1 19. As expected, Q1 CapEx was $49 million with the majority associated to the enterprise business. We ended Q1 with $1.694 billion in cash and short term investment. In the quarter we executed repurchases of $541 million worth of shares, leading to a weighted average diluted share count of $642 million.  Now, turning to our guidance. Due to the announcement of the sales our Enterprise Security assets which we expect to close in our fiscal third quarter, we are not providing full year 2020 guidance at this time.  For Q2, we are increasing the guidance range to reflect the uncertainty that might be caused by the announcement of the sales of our Enterprise Security asset. We are forecasting a Q2 fiscal year 2020 revenue range of $1.155 billion to $1.205 billion comprised of $565 million to $600 million in Enterprise Security and $590 million to $605 million in Consumer Cyber Safety. At the midpoint of our guidance it implies approximately flat year-over-year for the total company.  We are forecasting operating margin to be in the range of 31% to 33%, and finally EPS is forecasted to be in the range of $0.40 to $0.44 per share  actually, yes $0.40 to $0.44 per share assuming a fully diluted share count of opportunity $648 million and a tax rate constant to Q1. We are confident that well smoothly and successfully manage the Enterprise Security asset sale and expect to ensure minimal disruption through the quarter.  Now let me go into the more exciting piece of the news we have announced today, and because there is a lot to absorb, allow me to be a little bit repetitive with what we have already shared so far.  We agreed to sell our Enterprise Security asset to Broadcom for $10.7 billion or an estimated $8.2 billion after tax, which will enable us to return $12 per share through a special dividend. Following the asset sales we plan to eliminate approximately $1.5 billion of stranded costs, which we expect to accomplish within 12 months of the closing of the transaction.  We believe we can complete that task without disrupting the Consumer Cyber Safety given the business largely runs independently. We expect that it will cost us approximately $1 billion in cash to eliminate those stranded costs and we will fund those in large part by the sales of under-utilized assets such as real-estate.  After the transition period we will emerge as a pure play Consumer Cyber Safety business with a long term growth potential of mid-single digits, operating profit margin of approximately 50% and an annual EPS of approximately $1.50.  We expect the Consumer Cyber Safety business to generate a free cash flow of approximately $900 million after the transition period on an annual basis and I will repeat that because I think we may have heard Rick quoting $700 million and that was a mistake. 
Rick Hill : Yes, he caught me. Thank you. 
Vincent Pilette : We expect the Consumer Cyber safety to generate annual free cash flow of approximately $900 million after the transition period, the majority of which we expect to return to shareholders via mix of regular dividends and share buybacks.  Consistent with this objective, we expect that our regular quarterly dividend will be increased to $12.05 per share or $0.50 annually, following the close of the transaction. In addition, our Board of Directors has increased our share buyback authorization by $1.1 billion to a total of $1.6 billion. We expect the incremental share repurchases will be executed over time after the close of the transaction, when all sales proceeds have been repatriated.  Accordingly, the completion of these buyback authorizations has been factored into our EPS calculation and expectation for Consumer Cyber Safety. We believe this disciplined approach to capital allocation, together with our expectations for the growth of Consumer Cyber Safety should deliver an attractive total return to shareholders.  Following the transaction, we expect to maintain a debt balance approximately consistent with the debt on our balance sheet today. As a go-forward business we will retain approximately 80% of the fiscal year 2019 operating income.  Our current debt of $4.5 billion would represent approximately 3.5x gross leverage on the Consumer Cyber Safety business after adjusting for the elimination of the stranded costs. We believe this approach is appropriately leveraged returns to shareholders, while also managing fiscal risk and maintaining financial flexibility and is supported by the predictable and highly cash generated nature of Consumer Cyber Safety. We are very excited about unleashing the full potential of Consumer Cyber Safety, which will emerge as a focused pure play leader in the consumer market. Our Norton LifeLock products have the number one revenue share in both Consumer Security and Identity Protection and strong brand recognition.  Our integrated solutions built around the core tenants of security, privacy, identity protection and home and family safety have redefine how consumers think about Cyber Safety. We expect that the ability to fund further investment in product innovation and sales and marketing will create an attractive financial model and enhance total shareholder returns.  There has been a lot of information shared today, so let me summarize them once again. We delivered strong Q1 results with EPS growth of 23% year-over-year. We announced the sales of our Enterprise Security assets for $10.7 billion in cash, about 36x its fiscal year 2019 operating income.  We have identified approximately $1.5 billion of stranded costs, which we expect to eliminate over 12 months at the cash cost of $1 billion and funded by the sales of underutilized assets such as real-estate. We are retaining 80% of our fiscal 2019 operating income. We are refocusing the company as a pure play market leader in Consumer Cyber Safety with earnings power of approximately $1.50 per share after transition.  With an expected $12 special dividend per share, an increase in our buyback authorization to $1.6 billion, an expected increase in our regular dividend, we are focusing and we are focused on maximizing our total shareholder return. In short, we expect to return in cash about 59% of Monday's market capitalization to our shareholders, while at the same time keeping an ownership in a predictable business that generates over 80% of todays operating income.  And with that, Rick and I are happy to take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Intrusions] Our first question is from the line of Fatima Boolani from UBS. 
Fatima Boolani : Good afternoon and thank you for talking the question. I have a couple if I may. Maybe to start out with the aggregate headcount at Symantec has been in the 12,000 neighborhood. So Im wondering, as you undertake this divestiture, how the employee footprint will split out between standalone consumer business and the now divested Enterprise Security Business. 
Vincent Pilette: Absolutely! So we have 12,000 employees today. We are marching in our improvement plan towards a 10,000 in aggregate for the full company. Weve started to reduce the headcount as you may have seen in our report and we do more as we go forward.  When you talk about the remaining company post-transition period, well have about $2.5 billion of revenue and we believe that $1 million per employee is the right long term target. 2,500 is the long time target. We should be very close to that after the end of the transition period. 
Fatima Boolani : Understood! And you talked very specifically about measured rates of investment while maintaining sort of the 50% bip code from an operating margin perspective for the consumer business. So I wanted to better understand where in particular those marketing investments will go. Just as we think about historically there's been some varying degrees of success you've had with retail partnership and OEM arrangements. So I really wanted to better understand, where exactly the marketing investment will be. 
Rick Hill: Im sorry, let me first really explain the room we have an P&L. Weve been running this business, to consumer business at around 50%. In the fiscal year 18 you see in our segment 50% margin, fiscal year 19, 48%, very much along that line.  Marketing expense have been rationalized over time as they were trying to free up allocation at the corporation level to fund the turnaround of the enterprise business and that's the normal process of corporate budgeting and allocations.  You look at the Q1 results weve just posted, the consumer segment is running at the 53% operating margin and we believe there is a sub-investment if you want compared to the opportunity, to be able to turn around the customer count mainly.  So direct marketing, online marketing is our target and we believe we have one to two points of margin here we can invest in our business without changing our long term target of 50% and be able to grow in this low single digit to-date to the mid-single digit.  We also at the same time have moved from product and point of sales licensed product if you want sales into more of a membership approach. And they are trying to upgrade customers from basic membership to higher membership, providing additional functionality from security to identity to privacy is the long term strategy of the business, unless you want to add anything Rick. 
Rick Hill: No, it was perfect. I think the thing to recognize with this business is there are multiple knobs to grow revenue, and Vincent just articulated clearly the knobs of greater membership, and greater membership is also a function of the value of the product offerings that we're creating, which is part of our strategy to improve that value, targeted at you know safety within the home and even in small business.  Now the other knob that we don't talk much about is ARUP, okay, and clearly while our overall customer or our membership has continued to grow, we have had this slow decline in direct acquired customers and that is due to the fact that we had made a conscious decision a couple of years ago to bring down the spending in advertising and promotion by about $40 million, and we have put in programs to basically determine and monitor incremental increases in advertising and promotion, to determine the optimum investment levels in order to begin growth in our directly acquired customers.  In addition to that we're putting in programs with our partners that will also allow us to increase the number of directly acquired members and all of this allows us to basically more efficiently get the customer and therefore offer them a full range of services that we don't necessarily offer to all the partner channels.  So there's a multi-pronged strategy that the business is put in place. Its started at the beginning of the fiscal year. We're beginning to see results in those areas and allowing us to focus on that business solely and not having it encumbered at all. With the performance of enterprise, it should allow us to get that back to the mid-single digit growth that we desire. Thank you. 
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Jonathan Ho from William Blair. 
Jonathan Ho : Hi, good afternoon. I just wanted to start with maybe Norton and the SEP Endpoint business. Can you maybe give us a sense of you know what if any overlapping impacts there might be I guess from the separation and just how to think about that in terms of impacting R&D, the sell side in terms of overlapping capabilities? 
Rick Hill: Yeah, well clearly you know endpoint is endpoint. Obviously in the case of SEP, SEP goes into a control panel and it's ideally suited for enterprise applications where Norton Antivirus doesn't really do that, it's not as extensive. But there is some overlap, but our focus and our definition going forward is the consumer market place and that consumer market place also includes small business, because we obviously have had a Norton small business product offering you know along the way. And there's a clear delineation and I don't really envision a huge conflict, because if you are in a large enterprise and you want to control endpoint, you really require, you know you require more ability to control it, where in the consumer it's the individual who is controlling it.  Now having said that, the common thing is, is that they both provide valuable threat intelligence. SEP provides threat intelligence in the enterprise environment, which is a, what I would classify a more benign environment, because corporations are controlling cyber threats at multiple points in their network. Where in the consumer business our access to threat, consumers go anywhere on the net and therefore are subjected to more potential viruses that they can inadvertently bring into the corporation.  We share that data. We will be sharing that data with Broadcom and our enterprise business ongoing to make sure all our customers, whether they were our former enterprise customers or our continuing and growing consumer companies get the best engines and the best coverage dynamically, and I think is a win-win for both companies. I'm excited for our enterprise people, and I'm equally excited for our consumer people, because they've got great ideas and they understand the market and there's great opportunity. And as I said in my talk, as the corporation gets hardened, criminals are more and more going to try to use consumers to get into the corporation, and I think  as I said in the very first call, I think it's very important that consumers be inoculated prior to going back into their place to work. So thank you very much for that question Jonathan.
Jonathan Ho : Excellent! And then just as a follow up, how do you think about balancing the need to maybe return value back to shareholders along with your growth initiatives? Is there some type of formula that we should be thinking about and I guess relative to you know prior management teams that have tried to achieve the same goals, you know how do you think about this a little bit differently? Thank you. 
Rick Hill: Well, first of all the beauty of focusing on consumer is a very steady consistent business. So the predictability of cash flows, the predictability of growth, the predictability of profitability is a lot greater. So our ability ultimately to hone in on what percentage we're going to do dividends, what percentage we are going to do buy back and what percentage we're going to reinvest will be much, much easier to define.  As you can imagine, in the enterprise business with the episodic nature of the revenue, when its overlaid on top of a consumer business, huge big elephant orders that come in or don't come in at the end of the quarter can really greatly affect your cash flows, consequently inhibit your ability to develop a pretty well refined capital allocation strategy.  We are not announcing one today, but we will after the deal closes, try to give you a solid picture of what our intent will be with capital allocation. But as I said in my talk, clearly the board and the management is committed to return of capital to shareholders as is appropriate and is optimized for our investors. So that's my answer and thanks Jonathan. Next question. 
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Karl Keirstead from Deutsche Bank. 
Karl Keirstead : Thank you, Vincent. Is there a way to allocate the $1.5 billion of stranded costs to the consumer and enterprise piece, so that we can take a stab at calculating the multiple of EBITD you are getting for enterprise X, its share of the stranded costs, because it seems to me that might be a more fair way to look at it given that Broadcom is not absorbing that or maybe you disagree? Thanks. 
Vincent Pilette: No absolutely. Let me tell you about how we think about it, right. So the consumer business has a segment and the Enterprise Segment fairly separates distinct businesses, and in the P&L report we have fully allocated those costs where based on the utilization to the right segment.  You see today the fully loaded, the consumer business is running at in Q1, 53% operating margin target, and we have a long term target to run it at around 50% plus a minus one or two points depending on the gross objectives.  The Enterprise Business has the remaining cost, plus the corporate functions that are serving that Enterprise business. The $1.5 billion of stranded costs is made of those two pieces. The asset of the enterprise business that Broadcom will not take, plus the portion of the corporate services that are serving the Enterprise business, thats the entire cost. It will cost us about $1 billion in cash to eliminate over 12 months and the consumer business should continue to operate fairly independent based on that, unless you want to add anything Rich. 
Rick Hill: Yeah, what I would like to add to that is one of the beauties of this transaction is that Broadcom is taking the business and they have an infrastructure for the go-to-market that already exists, which allows an easy transition of our ongoing business to that platform, and what it does is in the situation that our whole team was working on to restructure, to deliver the results within the Symantec Holdco, you obviously have the problem that you can't shut down your  you risk shutting down your revenue stream, while you know you are running the business.  And the consequence is as they move this over, we have these stranded costs that are immediately vacated and so it makes carving them out much easier and during this deal we also retained as part of this deal assets that have embedded, gains in them that are substantial, that we can use to offset this cost. Vincent is going to add something.
Vincent Pilette: I just want to add one thing, because your question is missing that maybe theres a perception, this is a modeling exercise. We went extensively through RGS, to our set list, asset by asset to tag them. Do we think they will go with the Broadcom business or do they think thatll stay here and how we going to eliminate those assets over the next 12 months. So we have a very rigorous approach that's more at the transaction level than at the modeling level. 
Karl Keirstead : Okay, thank you so much. 
Operator: And our next question is from the line of John DiFucci from Jefferies.
Rick Hill: Hey John. 
John DiFucci: Hey, thanks for taking my question. So I look at what you are saying about the consumer business, but if you look historically it declined for years until the LifeLock acquisition, which certainly benefited from the timing of the Equifax breach, and I'm just trying to sort of figure out how you're going to accelerate the strong low single digit growth to mid-single digit growth over the long term. I get like what you are saying Rick about cross selling and selling more products, but that's something Symantecs been trying to do for a long time. So is there something different that you foresee at this point in order to make this happen.
Rick Hill: Well, I think one of the things is LifeLock was an absolutely great acquisition, there's no question about it and it continues to be a great acquisition, and our ability to make equivalent type of services available outside of the United States are an opportunity to take that model, which goes back to protecting individuals identity, which we do have new products to do. We're going to expand that model of LifeLock outside of the United States and by the way, Equifax was a bump, but within that LifeLock continues to grow and be very successful.  I think you even heard David Faber this morning highlighting how he uses LifeLock and even though we're not going to have a coupon on this call for everybody to call in, it shows you the value that everyone sees, because there's hardly a person on this planet who hasn't had their identity somehow compromised, and so we don't see an end to the growth in LifeLock. In fact what we see is our opportunity to take the attributes of LifeLock and expand it outside of the United States where it's been enormously successful and that's the only thing thats different. Go ahead Vincent. 
Vincent Pilette: If I can add, so were targeting a 3% to 5% over the next couple of years. It has grown 3% over the last two years and you're right, currently the business is flattish. There are really three areas we are focusing on. One is the custom account and investing more direct marketing; the second one is what Rick mentioned, which is this ARPU, adding functionalities to the offering and with that increasing the membership and then and including the retention rate also, which we've moved from lower to now 85%.  I think if I looked at the number we were at around 80% a couple of years ago. Those are the growth, but our goal is the GDP plus type of growth, so it's not over ambitious. I do believe with all the IODs and other environments, now as we singly focused on consumer, we have the potential to do more, but well be very prudent and will focus on operational discipline, setting the target that we can deliver and constructively investing in innovation and sales. 
John DiFucci: Okay, thank you, and if I could just a quick follow-up. Its actually for Rick. You know Rick; I believe your title is still Interim CEO. You've obviously been very active here since you've come onboard. Should we be expecting you to continue to orchestrate in partnership with Vincent this whole transition or I dont know, if you have any comments on that will be helpful. 
Rick Hill: Yeah, my active involvement is a personal flaw, but the reality is I could not be more proud of the entire management team and I could not have a better partner than Vincent. And you know I enjoy working with him, but as I said in the last call, Im a three inning release pitcher and we clearly had a big inning in quarter one and we've got a big job between now and close and as we announced in our press release, we are also taking the opportunity to relieve that both internal and external candidates in order to run the going consumer business.  Vincent is going to drive  clearly be the major player and I could not have a better partner than Vincent to do this, and I believe the whole management team believes that, and so again, I'm still a relief pitcher. I'll be a relief pitcher for a little bit longer, but I am not in any way, shape or form a personal, a permanent structure here. I love the company, love the people, love the products, great mission and I just hope all the investors see it as I do. Its a great opportunity and what we've done here has really freed up the ongoing RemainCo to be enormously successful. 
Vincent Pilette: And if I can add to that, because I knew investors always worry about Interim CEO and I've read a few reports. We have a very solid management team who spent a lot of weekends, a lot of pizzas, as we build this transaction and the team has a lot of experience in separating assets and really driving what needs to be driven over the next 12 months. And independently from that, the Consumer Management team is also very strong, because all of our investors focus on Enterprise over the last two years. They haven't been too much exposed to that, but I think we have a very strong capable, consumer business today. 
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss: Excellent! Thank you guys for taking the questions and congratulations. I mean you guys really got a great price for those Enterprise assets, so fabulous job in monetizing that business for the shareholders. 
Rick Hill: Thank you. 
Keith Weiss: A couple of just like I guess more detailed questions. In terms of sort of share technology between the consumer and the Enterprise end point business, so what degree is there kind of share technology? Do you have to license like the AV Engine back from Broadcom or anything out of that ilk in terms of sort of the shared - the common technologies between the two? And then the other way, are you getting paid by Broadcom for that data, like the consumer data you are going to send to them? 
Rick Hill: So, I am going to turn this over to the expert and one of the key people involved in this transaction who is irreplaceable, Hugh Thompson. 
Hugh Thompson : Hi, this is Hugh here, CTO over at Symantec. And yeah, you know I think one of the great benefits of this transaction is we do still get to enjoy the benefit of diversity of threat intelligence data that exists both in the Enterprise and in the consumer and we certainly will benefit from that, in the remaining consumer company and Broadcom I believe will also benefit from that telemetry.  And your point is well taken. I think we've spent a lot of time at Symantec over its long history in building engines and endpoint technology that really is leading in its class, and will continue to be able to benefit from that intellectual property and from that code base with this agreement.
Keith Weiss: Yeah, [Cross Talk] why there is a cross licensing agreement. 
Rick Hill: There is a cross license, we are focused on the consumer business and small business, okay and Broadcom is focused on the enterprise systems, our enterprise customers. That is the agreement but we cross license both ways, but each of us simultaneously own specific patents. Ours are the ones that are most closely aligned with the Consumer business and Broadcom's are most closely aligned with the Enterprise business.  There are some overlaps and in those overlap cases they are shared. We have some that still have Enterprise capability, they have some that still have consumer capability, but it's in the best interest of both companies, customers and our shareholders and the world at large that we have these capabilities. Thanks. 
Keith Weiss: Got it. And then on the consumer side of the equation in terms of the go-to-market, you talked about increased marketing activities. One of the things that I think really precipitated the declining sort of market share and declining based on the consumer business is when you exited a lot of those distribution agreements with big PC OEMs. Is there any consideration or should we be thinking about potentially you guys heading back into those types of agreements or bidding again for like in HP distribution deal or anything of that ilk kind of go forward basis. 
Rick Hill: Okay, so I would tell you and Vincent spoke to the quality and the depth of management we have within consumer. That was a financially driven decision that when you look at the cost to go into an OEM relationship with PC's which is not a hugely growing market by the way, the cost to acquire that customer is so high they're all our alternative ways to acquire customers that are much more efficient and the pay back was way too long for acquiring a PC company and so they elected to pull out of that. Going forward, the thing I want you to understand is we will look at all ways that we can to acquire new customers, but it's all going to be driven with a financial lens as the reason we go into those particular businesses. It's not going to be driven by everybody else does it, and oh gee! It gives a big top line number. I've told everybody for years, anybody can sell $10 bills for $9. The real big key is to be able to sell really those $10 bills for about $40 and that's our goal in life. 
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Phil Winslow from Wells Fargo. 
Phil Winslow: Yeah, thanks guys for taking my question and I know you keep referring to yourself as relief, but you're basically pretty good at the place too. 
Rick Hill: Your kind.
Phil Winslow: So just a question on the unit count metric on the consumer side. We talked about just now I guess some of the thing that have weighed on that. When you think about the near term guidance of getting back to single digits and mid-single digits revenue growth, how are you thinking about the trend in that unit count. Obviously weve talked about ARPU, but what do you think we see for the unit count you know that it gets declined for you're easing and then you know could that grow again in your numbers.
Rick Hill: Okay, there are two variables again to grow the top line; one is ARPU, which is your average price per user and the other one is user. So we don't even have to get to positive directly acquired customers you know in order to get growth. We just need to slow the decline, which in fact our data suggests we've already done and we're titrating the advertising and promotion to keep turning that till we can get it to just zero, that's sort of the optimum. And then we can start adding customers and simultaneously up selling customers.  The beauty of directly acquired customers such that we know who they are as an individual gives us contact and on every you know basically renewal, as we generate more products, we can give our customers more value, and in the renewal process we have the ability to sell more of our products with someone we know and has a high likelihood of buying, that's how we think of this business, and that's really how we're going to run it going forward and that's the variable.  But realistically, our decline right now has slowed dramatically, and as I said, our actual customer acquisition is up; you know our users are up. But part of that through our partnership we don't get the same ARPU and we can't effectively sell all the other value we have, so we want to be able to do more, give those customers more value, so we're going to also be working with our partners to make sure they can sell more value.  And now that we won't have to fund any other business than this, we can look at the P&L of this business and allocate resources based on its net present value of future cash flows by what we're doing and we won't be or have to get it mixed up. It's simple and we have management thats very, very capable.  The one thing on this call that I want to tell you, that there is no way, unless you have the quality of people that we have here, you can pull off an asset sale in less than a quarter. And believe me it's not a one man show, and when Vincent talks about detail down to the asset tag, we know exactly what's transferring out of this business and we know what's remaining into this business.  From the head count, we know what is transferring out of this business, what our objective is for the ongoing business and the unfortunate part of what we have to reduce within this business, which will also include people who have been instrumental in making this deal happen. I could not be more proud to work with people that I am, with these people. So that's my view.
A - Vincent Pilette: I second that. 
A - Rick Hill: And were new to the party here. These are the same people who have been at Symantec, many of them for years, okay, no change in people whatsoever. So I'm very bullish on the consumer business. 
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Brad Zelnick from Credit Suisse.
Brad Zelnick: Fantastic! Thanks so much and congrats on all the news, and Rick even though you're new to the party, it seems like you're getting the hang of it pretty quickly.  My question is a variant of some of what was already asked, but on consumer if I look at your first quarter consumer results and second quarter guidance and if I then extrapolate it, normal seasonality into the back half of the year, it looks like you would have been guiding the year below your original range if you hadn't pulled the guidance.  So my question, if we look at your deviation from your original full year plan, how much of this is churn versus being behind on gross ads or perhaps just being behind on your marketing spend, and can you may be share a view of the business if we were to look at Norton units versus LifeLock units and I know some of those are co-mingled at this point, but is there any color you can share, that would be great. 
Vincent Pilette: Yeah, so this is Vincent. So we guided obviously in a conservative way knowing that we're going into a major transition. Were not guiding the full year. Our Q1 results are on track to plan, actually slightly better than expected and we continue to focus on investing marketing spend into the over program to transfer from point of sales to membership sales.  Obviously the marketing investment, we just don't want to pour spends and see later where the returns are. We have a very precise model. We measure returns and we plan to gradually go there, so that's where we are.
A - Rick Hill: Yeah Brad, and this time of year is normally slow, okay. We've just started to ramp the advertising and promotion, okay. We have earlier announced programs that are with our partners, that has also greatly accelerated, okay. We have not seen any  if anything in the second quarter, we have much less of a fall off of customers. The best half of the year is yet to come for us obviously, and so it's just we're in a transition zone. You can imagine the amount of work that has gone on within this company. You know well be out and we'll be talking to all of our investors about the business and I do believe it's nothing but good news. So while I'd like to give you a spreadsheet thats all tied out from top to bottom, you know spreadsheets can say anything you want to make them say; we want to deliver results. Thanks Brad.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, it seems that we are at the end of the Q&A. I would like to turn the call back over to Vincent Pilette for the ending remarks. 
Vincent Pilette : Thank you for joining us today. Obviously there has been a lot of news, a lot of good news for our shareholders, for our employees. I can tell you on this side, around the table in the company we are incredibly excited first to partner with Broadcom to make this transfer of the enterprise business a very smooth process for our customers. We will be a partner to Broadcom in making that happen successfully. And secondly, I think the excitement to become a consumer company focused solely on that consumer opportunity is shared across the whole team.  Thank you, and we look forward to updating you as we make progress.
A - Rick Hill: Thanks very much. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. We thank you greatly for your participation. You may now disconnect!

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-05-09 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Ian, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Symantec's Fourth Quarter and Full Year Fiscal Year '19 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I'd now like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Cynthia Hiponia. Ma'am you may begin.
Cynthia Hiponia: Thank you, Ian, and good afternoon. This is Cynthia Hiponia, Vice President of Investor Relations at Symantec, and I'm pleased to welcome you to our call to discuss our fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2019 earnings results. We posted the earnings materials to our IR events webpage. Speakers on today's call are Rick Hill, Symantec's Interim President and CEO and Nick Noviello, our Executive Vice President and CFO. This call will be available for replay via the webcast on our website. I'd like to remind everyone that all references to financial metrics are non-GAAP, unless otherwise stated. Please refer to the supplemental materials posted on the IR website for further definitions of our non-GAAP metrics. Please note, non-GAAP financial metrics referenced during this call are reconciled to their comparable GAAP financial measures in the press release and supplemental materials posted on our website. We believe our presentation of non-GAAP financial measures when taken together with corresponding GAAP financial measures provide meaningful supplemental information regarding our operating performance for reasons discussed below. Our management team uses those non-GAAP financial measures in assessing our operating results, as well as when planning and forecasting future periods. We believe our non-GAAP financial measures also facilitate comparisons of our performance to prior periods and that investors benefit from understanding our non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures are supplemental and should not be considered as substitute for financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Also, please note, we have changed the name of our Consumer segments to Consumer Cyber Safety. Today's call contains forward-looking statements based on conditions as we currently see them. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current date, and as such, involve risks and uncertainties and actual results to differ materially from current expectations. Please refer to the cautionary statements in our press release for more information. You will also find a detailed discussion of our risk factors in our filings with the SEC, and in particular in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 30, 2018 and our recently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. With that, let me now turn the call over to Rick.
Richard Hill: Thank you. Cynthia. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining the Symantec fiscal year 2019 fourth quarter and year-end conference call. It's a pleasure to be with you this afternoon, and it's even a greater pleasure to be asked by Greg Clark, Dan Schulman, and the entire Symantec Board of Directors to pitch for the team during the transition in leadership within the Symantec. As I said in the Board meeting and will continue to say within the company and to you, our investors, Greg Clark has been the visionary for Symantec over the last three years. The Board with Greg embarked on a project to transform Symantec into the global leader in cyber security it has become today. Though key - through key acquisitions and divestitures, Greg, Nick and the management team have transformed Symantec into a company prepared to defend and defeat global cybercrime, cyber espionage and cyber terrorism perpetrated on our employees, our customers and shareholders worldwide. Symantec has a long heritage of making the world a safer place. You'll hear more about just how we do that on this call and in the quarters ahead, while I'm on the pitching mound. By the way, Greg asked me, if I could use a rugby or soccer analogy, so could relate, but unfortunately I grew up on the south side of Chicago and we've never played those sports. So, Greg, if you're still listening, you have to adapt. Now let's talk a little about me and how I got into my role at Symantec. A year ago, Symantec began an investigation that happily resulted in our albeit late fiscal year '18 10-K filing with no adverse material findings. Around the start of the investigation, I had reached out to a Board member of Symantec to offer my assistance. Several weeks later, unbeknownst to me, Peter Feld, Managing Partner at Starboard, a friendly activist investor reached out to Greg Clark and the Symantec's Board to see if they could help. Peter went to his bullpen for a left-handed pitcher and voila, I'm here. Since late October, I began to work with Greg, his team and the Board as an advisor. In early April, Greg introduced me to the Symantec field organization and in late April, indicated he had personal issues he needed to attend and wanted to spend more time with his aging father. The Board subsequent to that event asked me - asked the Board for volunteers from the Board, who could step into the role, while a thorough search was conducted to a permanent CEO. As I had personally pitched to few innings at the Marvell Technology Corporation as Interim CEO, the Board selected me to fill in here. Having had the opportunity to see inside the company, meet the great people and see the great opportunity, the Board approved me as interim CEO at the Tuesday Board meeting, and here I am today. As many of you know me as the long-tenured Chairman and CEO of Novellus Systems and others as the Chairman and CEO of Marvell turnaround in 2016, which resulted in the hiring of a great first time CEO, Matt Murphy. There are many similarities between Marvell and Symantec which make me ideal for the interim CEO role. Just like in Marvell, I take an active role as of day one, as you can see by me doing the conference call. Rest assured, I'm confident and prepared to operate this Company without missing a heartbeat. As Peter Feld warned the entire Board, Rick is not afraid to break glass. I'm sure the executive staff can confirm this in just the last few days working with me to do this conference call. Simultaneously, we are announcing Vincent Pilette, former CFO of Logitech, as the new CFO of Symantec. Interestingly enough, I previously tried to recruit Vincent into another situation. So I know him, respect him and I'm confident you'll be delighted with him as our CFO. I certainly am. I would like to share a short story with you about Vincent. A couple of weeks ago, Sue Barsamian and I, at the request of the Board, were meeting with the executive staff and others in the Board room, where I was expressing my views on the importance of all the management having the fundamental skill of financial alacrity. Sue said to me, what's that mean? Well, on last Sunday, when Sue and I again were meeting with the executive staff, this time with Vincent Pilette present, I asked Vincent if he would like to say a few words to the Group. He jumped up and in his deep Belgian accent, well, of course. He grabbed a marker and a flipchart and began to outline the financial model for the Company in real time. As he captivated the staff, I returned to Sue and said, that is my definition of financial alacrity. You will all be very pleased. This is Nick's last conference call. He's been an outstanding resource for me, and while I will miss seeing him at Symantec, I'll still see him at church when my wife drags me reluctantly there on Sundays. Another interesting color fact on Nick you probably don't know is even at church, Nick is involved with money. He has a collection basket on a long pole that he uses to get the parishioners in the pews to put their donation into. And just like here at Symantec, when he gets to me as I put the money in the basket, if he thinks I have more to give, he hits me two times in the chest with the basket. Now, that is a CFO. Nick, thank you for all you have done for Symantec customers, employees and shareholders. We will miss you. Now, both Vincent and I thank you, Nick, for the strong financial team you've established at Symantec and we'll build from that strength. Both Vincent and I are both keenly aware that growth and profitability are vital to sustainable high-tech companies, and our track records and results in delivering shareholder value in that type of environment is well-known and documented. A couple of my proudest accomplishments in my career are developing Tim Archer, current CEO of Lam Research into the best CEO in the semiconductor capital equipment industry, and also plucking Matt Murphy from Maxim Semiconductor, and installing him as a first-time CEO of Marvell Technology. They both make me very proud, and I suspect the same thing can be done here at Symantec. So I not only can develop horses, I can pick them as well. So stay tuned. So why would Rick Hill, a retired semiconductor equipment company Chairman and CEO for nearly 19 years come out of retirement from his daily downward dog poses? The answer is quite simple. The vision that Greg Clark and his team had painted for me for Symantec in an exponentially growing need for integrated cyber defense and cyber safety by every human, business and institution on the planet, period. Being from the south side of Chicago, I have to go to Google and then use my reverse Polish HP 35 calculator who, for all of you that even know what that is, to realize Symantec plays in a market of roughly $760 billion. If Symantec could get every human on the planet to buy a subscription to our Symantec Norton LifeLock family protection plan, and every corporation to install Symantec Integrated Cyber Defense technology to protect our data and identity and our right to be forgotten, the world would be a much safer place. Unfortunately, we live in a world with unscrupulous people living among us. During my first night in Aviation Officer Candidate School in Pensacola, Florida, in the early '70s, Marine Drill Instructor Staff Sergeant/Lt Kwiatkowski words ring true in my ears today. He said to me, maggot, if you would keep your bleeping footlocker locked, we wouldn't have criminals. It's your fault we have people in jail today. So I'm asking all of you on the phone to go home and lock your family cyber footlocker by joining the Symantec consumer family and go to your CIOs and CSOs and ask them to call Symantec Enterprise solutions to ensure our corporate footlockers are protected by Symantec's Integrated Cyber Defense. Now hopefully by the end of this call, you'll see that this semiconductor industry executive relief pitcher picked by the Board and Greg Clark, is quite capable on helping the executive management team execute and enhance their ability to deliver world-class cyber defense products and the best price performance value to yield the best return for our customers, employees, and equally important, you, our shareholders. So let's talk about the business. First, let me tell you what you probably already know. I'm a straightforward, clear communicator. If I feel disappointment in the number and I think it is bad, I'll tell you that and what we're going to do to fix it. I accepted this role because Greg and the management team convinced me we had solid industry-leading products with more on the way. I have verified that is true. We have issues and have determined that they are fixable. What will motivate us is our loyalty and honesty to all our stakeholders. We'll earn our customer trust day by day. I know sometimes it seems CEOs are evasive with answers. If it seems that I'm obfuscating something, it would only be because the question is trying to elicit information that I view as a competitive advantage and don't want to release it. Feel free to call me on it, but I've done hundreds of investor meetings and calls and know both our investors and competitors' investors are always in the same room at the same time. Also, we want material data always to be released in compliance with SEC regulations. Let me start off by saying great products make great companies with great people. Symantec has great products and great people. In both our Consumer segment and Enterprise segment, we have world-class products. Our DLP product in our Enterprise group is essential to any company taking seriously their employees and customers' data and private information. That product grows at twice the rate of the market as more companies now realize how fragile their reputation is if their customers' and employees' data is compromised. There is no product on the market for data level protection in the cloud better than the combination of Symantec's DLP and CASB product bundle. For clarity, CASB is the acronym for cloud access security broker. We have poorly communicated the power of our email ATP bundle to the marketplace. Today, STAR, our security threat and response center, and all of our security operations center surveillance reports to us that email is still the major delivery source of cyber threats throughout the world. Just like traveling to Chicago and walking around the south side of Chicago is perilous, you only do so because you don't know better. Take the time and let our STAR organization and Enterprise group walk you through the threats your company is exposed to getting. Our new email ATP bundle blocks 98% of the threats delivered through email, and we close them faster than any company in the world, while the industry standard Office 365 is only 35% accurate. That's why our customers choose Symantec to supplement the industry standard. Our ProxySG and Web Security Service product plus advanced threat detection protection bundle has been the biggest surprise providing us headwinds. The ProxySG business, which is the Blue Coat hardware proxy bundle has fallen off quicker than we anticipated and as a result, we have not experienced as large a refresh cycle as we expected. The cause is clear, the move to the cloud was much quicker than thought. We were behind with our product offering, but today, are back with superior performance to our competitor, supported by a growth rate twice the market growth, but unfortunately from a much smaller base. At our current share gain rate, I'm optimistic for the future. Finally, SEP, the Symantec endpoint product, the foundation of Symantec success is back to growing. Our endpoint is still the technology to beat with our newly released endpoint detection and repair, we have the opportunity to significantly grow our position in the cloud, while maintaining our dominant position on-premise and virtual appliance applications. Let's turn to our consumer products, which all too often get overlooked. Our consumer group has once again raised the bar in the industry by providing consumers with total cyber safety. Norton and LifeLock, our household names in the Americas. Norton is a household name globally. Products are solid and the database is cyber threats and our Symantec vaults continue to grow from the real-time monitoring of our customers that are security operation centers and our security threat and response organization. No other company offers our customers the depth and breadth of data about cyber threats than Symantec. A core competency no other competitors have. You'll be hearing more about this in the future. Now, it is time to turn it over for Nick to report fourth quarter results and year-end results. Nick?
Nick Noviello: Great. Thank you, Rick and good afternoon, everyone. I'll be limiting my comments to financial results for Q4 and fiscal year 2019 today, after which I will turn the call over to Rick to discuss company guidance. All references to financial metrics are non-GAAP, unless otherwise stated. Please note, we have posted information on our financial metrics, other tables and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP measures, as well as currency impacts to our financial results in our supplemental materials to our Investor Relations website. Starting in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, Symantec adopted the new revenue recognition accounting standard, ASC 606 under the modified retrospective transition method. Due to this adoption method, we did not recast any historical financial information prior to fiscal year 2019. However, to help investors understand our performance relative to historical results, in fiscal year 2019, we are also providing select results as calculated under ASC 605 in our supplemental materials to our Investor Relations website. The Company will not be providing this information in future periods. As a reminder, the first three quarters of fiscal year 2018 included results from our website security and related PKI products that we divested on October 31, 2017. For comparative purposes, we report organic growth rates, which we define as growth adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures. Now Q4 results. Total company GAAP revenue for the quarter was one point $1.189 billion. GAAP operating margin was 9% and GAAP EPS was $0.05. GAAP revenue and operating margin was inside our guidance range, while EPS was $0.01 below our guidance due to a loss from our equity interest and income tax true-ups. Total company non-GAAP revenue for the quarter of $1.195 billion was flat year-over-year on an organic revenue basis in constant currency and was within our guidance range. Enterprise revenue came in slightly below the low end of our guidance range, with consumer revenue at the high end of our guidance range. At the end of the fourth quarter, contract liabilities of $3.065 billion were down 2% year-over-year. This ending contract liabilities balance was negatively impacted by $218 million due to the impact of ASC 606. Operating margin for the fourth quarter was 29%, just below our guidance of approximately 30% due to lower revenues than expected in our Enterprise Security segment. Our effective tax rate for Q4 was 19.2% as compared to our guidance of 19.3%. Fully diluted earnings per share was $0.39, within our guidance range and based on $662 million fully diluted weighted average shares for the quarter. We generated cash flow from operating activities in Q4 of $547 million, up from $266 million in the year ago period and Q4 CapEx was $54 million. Now, let's discuss our Q4 operating segment performance. First, Enterprise Security. Our Enterprise Security revenue was $590 million, flat year-over-year in constant currency. Our revenue was impacted by lower-than-expected levels of business, including hardware and license sales. Enterprise Security contract liabilities were $2.011 billion, down 1% year-over-year. This ending contract liabilities balance was negatively impacted by $234 million due to the impact of ASC 606. Enterprise Security contract liabilities were up 6% compared to the prior quarter. Q4 Enterprise Security reported billings, which we have referred to up to this point as implied billings and are calculated the same as implied billings, were $712 million, down 24% year-over-year and lower than our expectations. Consistent with prior quarters, please see our supplemental materials posted to our Investor Relations website for details. In our Enterprise Security segment in the fourth quarter, approximately 81% of our revenue was ratable and 19 was - 19% was upfront under ASC 606, as compared to 76% ratable and 24% upfront in the third quarter; 81% ratable and 19% upfront in the second quarter and 82% ratable and 18% upfront in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019. As we stated at the beginning of fiscal year 2019, we are disclosing contract duration for our ratable business in Enterprise Security on a quarterly basis through fiscal year 2019. Please note, this is an ASC 605 metric that the Company will not be reporting after this earnings report. Contract duration for our ratable business in Q4 was approximately 18.5 months. This compares to approximately 18 months in Q3 and 18.5 months in the year ago period. Enterprise Security operating margin was 8% under ASC 606 as compared to 18% in the year ago period under ASC 605. The decline in year-over-year operating margin was due to lower reported revenue and higher spending. Now turning to Consumer Cyber Safety and our quarterly cyber safety metrics. Consumer Cyber Safety segment revenue of $605 million was flat year-over-year in constant currency. In the fourth quarter, our average direct-to-customer count was 20.4 million, down slightly from Q3. Direct ARPU was $8.83 per month, up slightly from Q3. We expect these direct-to-customer statistics to represent approximately 90% of our revenue at any point in time. Finally, Consumer Safety - Consumer Cyber Safety operating margin was 49%, compared to 53% in the prior year period. Our operating margin is consistent with what we saw in Q3. Now turning to fiscal year 2019 results. Total company GAAP revenue for the fiscal year 2019 was $4.731 billion. GAAP operating margin was 8% and GAAP EPS was $0.05. GAAP revenue and operating margin was inside our guidance range, while EPS was $0.01 below our guidance due to a loss from our equity interest and income tax true-ups. We achieved our fiscal year 2019 total company non-GAAP revenue, operating margin and EPS guidance and exceeded our guidance for cash flow from operating activities. Organic total company revenue growth in constant currency adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures, was 1% year-over-year. This included flat Enterprise Security segment revenue versus fiscal year 2018 and Consumer Cyber Safety segment revenue growth of 3% year-over-year. Operating margin for fiscal year 2019 was 30% as compared to 34% in fiscal year 2018. This year-over-year decline was primarily driven by lower reported revenue and higher spending in our Enterprise Security segment. Our effective tax rate for the year was 19.2% as compared to our guidance of 19.3%. Fully diluted earnings per share was $1.59, down 5% year-over-year. Our fiscal year fully diluted weighted average shares outstanding were 661 million. We generated cash flow from operating activities in fiscal year 2019 of $1.5 billion, up 57% versus $950 million in the year ago period and CapEx was $207 million. Cash flow from operations in fiscal year 2019 benefited from lower transition costs, cash collections from billings in Q4 of fiscal year 2018, as well as lower cash taxes. Cash flow from operations in fiscal year 2019 was approximately $150 million higher than the high end of our guidance range, with approximately half of the benefits due to timing-related items in tax and working capital with the balance primarily related to one-time benefits. We ended the year with approximately $2 billion in cash and short-term investments, with $1.5 billion held in the U.S. And finally, on capital allocation, debt pay down, share repurchase and M&A. We prepaid our $600 million term loan due August 2019 in the fourth quarter, bringing our total debt down to $4.5 billion. $1.75 billion of the year-end balance was comprised of convertible notes. We executed repurchases of 11 million shares under our 10b5-1 plan for $252 million during the fourth quarter and have approximately $1 billion remaining of our $1.3 billion share repurchase authorization as of the end of the fiscal year 2019. Finally, we spent $180 million on several tuck-in acquisitions during fiscal year 2019. Thank you, and let me now turn the call over to Rick to discuss Company guidance.
Richard Hill: Thank you, Nick. And now with the details of quarter four 2019 as Nick just reported and the year-end results, and also the perspective of where we are today with our products, I'd like to turn to our guidance. And our guidance reflects our current view of the business based on Q4 fiscal 2019 ending FX rates. We are not forecasting a significant impact on exchange rates on our revenue and operating income for the year. Additionally, fiscal year 2020 includes one extra week, which occurs in the first quarter. This additional week represents approximately $70 million of revenue and $40 million of expenses. So as usual, there is always some curveball that makes communicating our results a little bit cumbersome, but I'll make my attempt to make it as clear as possible. We are forecasting a Q1 fiscal year 2020 revenue range of $1.175 billion to $1.205 billion, comprised of $555 million to $575 million in Enterprise Security and $620 million to $630 million in Consumer Cyber Safety. At the midpoint, our guidance implies a 3.5% revenue growth for the total company. 5.5% growth in Consumer and 1.5% in Enterprise on a constant currency basis. The growth includes the incremental week. We are forecasting operating margins in the Q1 to be in the range of 25% to 27%, sequentially down below the 29% in Q4 of fiscal '19. The sequential decline in operating margin is due primarily to increased costs in our Enterprise Security business. In Enterprise, we need to protect investments to grow revenue, which includes the hiring of additional direct sales people, which is being done in conjunction with the goal of increasing individual sales productivity. Increased spend is also as we invest in infrastructure to support the growth of our cloud business. We expect our effective tax rate in Q1 to be approximately 20% and our guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of approximately 650 million. Our Q1 fiscal year 2020 EPS is forecasted to be in the range of $0.30 to $0.34. So, now to our fiscal 2020 guidance. Non-GAAP revenue is expected to be $4.76 billion to $4.9 billion. Consumer is $2.46 billion to $2.5 billion and Enterprise is $2.3 billion to $2.4 billion. Operating margins are forecasted to be 30.7% to 32.7% which rounds to 31% to 33%. Non-GAAP EPS is forecasted at $1.65 to $1.80. Finally, cash flow from operations for the year is expected to be $1.1 billion to $3.0 billion. The drop in cash flow is attributable to multiple items. First, it's attributable to a conservative relief pitcher who doesn't want to saddle a new permanent CEO with the target that would limit his flexibility. The 24% decline in recognized billings is a factor, timing differences on tax payments between Q4 '19 and fiscal year 2020, which Nick alluded to earlier, and a myriad of other puts and takes. In the area of capital allocation, we are having a very balanced approach with share repurchases, debt repayment and general corporate purposes, that are available for strategic options, including M&A. We have $1 billion left in our $1.3 billion repurchase authorization. $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion cash flow - our cash flow, I just got corrected here I apologize about that. Let me - so, I said $3 billion, it's $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion, I could have driven a truck through the $1.1 billion to $3.0 billion so I apologize. I didn't want to be quite that conservative. So, I apologize with that, although it would be nice to be able to give you guys numbers that far apart. It's just not going to work. So with that, I have a couple other comments that I would like to share with you. There are some top things on my agenda, while I am pitching. Clearly the first priority is to increase revenues, our stretch goal is up 5%. This will be accomplished through demand generation to fill the pipeline. I started that earlier in the call, if you didn't notice and hadn't made the call to LifeLock yet. Also through the combination of improved processes and communication, we're going to increase the rate at which we closed business and simultaneously lower costs by shifting more costs to variable structure in the channel. Every second, we failed to not inoculate another customer from cybercrime, another criminal is born. Second thing we're going to do is improve overall Company productivity by 20% year-on-year. To do this, we've analyzed each line on the income statement, balance sheet and cash flow statements. Every member of the staff will own not only the targeted results, but also the task to implement workout programs to achieve the goals. So please remember, the only full proof forecasting system is Monday morning quarterbacking, rest assured, I'm providing you the best data I have at this moment. Sharing with you with you my personal agenda and promising complete and open transparency to the best of my ability. And for every moment after this call, you can be sure our entire Symantec team is striving to improve these numbers, the quality of our products and the quality of our service and our overall customer, employee and shareholder satisfaction. With that, we'll open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from line of Saket Kalia from Barclays.
Saket Kalia: Maybe we'll just start with you, Rick and sort of introduce the elephant in the room and start with Greg's departure. And so I guess the question is, can you talk about the abruptness of the announcement. I think we've all seen management transitions that were orderly, but it just seems a little unexpected given some of the commentary intra-quarter. So just to make sure this question was asked in a public forum. Could you shed some light on how much this was driven by the Board versus driven by Greg? And maybe more of a forward-looking question, what is the Board looking for in Greg's replacement?
Richard Hill: Well, it's a great question and the answer is, we all know that the results of a company are always given to the CEO, good, bad or indifferent. And we also know that in today's environment being in the CEO position is extremely stressful and difficult. And as I highlighted, I had conversations with Greg. Okay. And he has had issues with his father being ill and the pressure is quite high that we want to continue to deliver strong financial results and also growth on the top line for shareholders simultaneously. And I think the Board in combination with Greg decided that given where the Company is today, how well we've implemented the strategy and where we are, the next phase of executing this strategy requires both a clear laser operational focus as well as the ability to be able to extend the strategy beyond where it is today. And so mutually, both Greg and the Board agreed that now was the right time. So, the question is why the timing. Well, as all this was coming down, it was very close to the earnings announcement. And so it seemed the most effective way to do it was to announce it simultaneously with the earnings. And there was no more than that that effect of the timing of it. You're right under normal circumstances, you would announce something early, but it really wasn't finalized up until less than a week before the earnings announcement and why have two announcements two days in a row. So I think that's the best answer I can give you and in the most truthful.
Saket Kalia: Maybe for a follow-up for you, Nick, just on the business. Can we just dig a little deeper into Enterprise Security? I guess, typically we would expect a sequential increase in the Enterprise billings in the seasonally stronger quarter, I think you touched on maybe lighter hardware sales and something in license area as well, but maybe looking at it from a different lens, can you talk about sort of pipeline versus close rates and how those kind of compared versus your expectations as you wrapped up the quarter?
Nick Noviello: So Saket, maybe I'll reference back for a second to Q3 and then I'll may ask Rick to make some comments around the Q4 activity. But at the end of Q3, and leading up or in this conference call 90 days ago, there you asked a question in fact about how we felt about the pipeline, how we felt about capacity, et cetera and in those pieces. And we felt that obviously our guidance was grounded with the pipeline that we had, the capacity that we had, et cetera. So, we're obviously disappointed by the results of down implied billings and the revenue results here. We talked about the lower than expected level of business in the quarter as well as the lower and the impact of hardware in the license sales. And as I think you well know and people on the call know that hardware license has an outsized impact to in-period revenue as well. Rick, I don't know if you have any other comments in terms of fourth quarter business in Enterprise, but let me let you go from there.
Richard Hill: I think that when we look at the fourth quarter, I think management of our funnel is a key area for some improvement. And we've already implemented some new processes that were rolled out at the global sales kick-off in the beginning of April. But while we have people who understand the numbers, I think we need a more routine process week-to-week during the quarter that involves the interaction of both the product groups and the sales organization. In other words, more cross-functional communication. So, we know exactly where we are. So, we can more exactly identify the opportunities and focus the resources necessary to close that business on it. We can't close all of the business that is generated just by the 550 bag carrying sales reps in the business. We need to employ a large support organization in order to do it and I think that's a little disconnecting and a little bit too colloquially rather than systematic and we've put in processes to change that. And Art has really reorganized in order to and given specific objectives to his product managers that are consistent with the objectives in the field, and I think you'll see that the effect of that going forward. But I think given the size of this Company, we have to have more systematic and less tribal knowledge to generate forecasts and control how we direct our energies and where we apply our energies. That's the best I can get. I've been working with the team for a little while now and we see a lot of opportunities to really create more feet on the street without importing more fixed costs and we think that's a key element. We've lost a lot of business in the mid to small business area that we feel is part of the whole. One of the things we're experiencing is that the higher you move up the chain to hunt elephants, okay? You can fit out the herd and as a result, you have large lumps that are so big, they can make big swings and what the potential outcomes are. So, we really have to rebuild that base core so that the big elephants that fall don't overwhelm on the downside our forecast to you in the market. And I think we know exactly how to fix it. I think our products are ready and I do think we're going to change this trajectory. Any other questions?
Operator: Indeed. Our next question is from the line of Fatima Boolani from UBS.
Fatima Boolani: I had one question on the Enterprise business and one question on the Consumer business. So maybe I'll start with the Enterprise side and just to drill into the soft performance there. Rick, you did talk about some of the changes that Art has brought in to the organization. But just zooming out, there's been a significant degree of leadership transition within the Enterprise organization. So I wanted to understand sort of what are the gating factors for you to execute on what is a very large renewal pipeline for you against a very large customer base? And if you can step us through sort of factors that are to better self-inflicted and if you can tell us the competitive dynamics, sort of win rates against competition against your portfolio. And then I'll follow up with my Consumer question.
Richard Hill: Sounds good. And I'm - because I am well-armed for battle here in this rapid-fire question and answers. I'm going to turn that question over to Art, who is sitting on my right to let him answer it.
Art Gilliland: So, it's nice to meet you. My name is Art Gilliland and I run the enterprise business for Symantec. I mean, I think if you look at the level of change, obviously, at the senior level, I joined five months ago, but I've also got a deep experience in the Symantec portfolio as I was here for seven years from 2006 to 2012. And I've been in the security industry for about 20 years. And so I think in terms of an understanding of the business and understanding of the product portfolio, that brings some stability back to the group and the Company, and candidly a lot of the folks that I work with when I was here before are still here in the product teams. And so I think from the stability side, although there's been changes at the top of this Company over the last six years or seven years or so, I think we're seeing the core of the product leadership, the core of the teams that are building the technologies are pretty stable. I think on the front end of the business, which was your other question around self-inflicted wounds on the - or not on those pieces and then also the question around renewal base. We have an extraordinary loyal customer base who gets a lot of value from the existing products that are there. We've been very consistent in being able to renew that business. We're quite accurate on the forecasting of the renewal base. I feel very comfortable that, that will continue with the quality of the technologies we deliver. Our focus on customer success and support as well as the execution there. I think where our challenges lie is in the front end of the new business forecasting. And so that's the area where we're going to be focusing on improving process, improving inspection and using more analytics to drive the forecasting process.
Fatima Boolani: And maybe shifting back to you, Rick, on the consumer business, is the revenue trajectory there has been fairly stable, but I wanted to unpack that a little bit as I think about and look at your direct customer count there. We've essentially seen a sequential decline for the last six to eight quarters in that direct customer count. So I wanted to understand what's actually happening there to have that customer jump base erode, but at the same time, you are able - you've been able to drive ARPU increases. So I wanted to get a better sense of that chunk prevailing factor that's helping ARPU move up as - in contrast to customer count coming down? And that's it for me. Thank you.
Richard Hill: Let me, this time, once again deflect and bring my other piece of armor in. I have Samir, who heads the Consumer business. So not to call him a horse, but you can get the answer right from the horse's mouth.
Samir Kapuria: Nice to meet you as well. So as it relates to the value proposition for Consumer, we had introduced the cyber safety program, a metric that we have shared with you annually. That has grown from 11% to 17%. That is a tailwind for us as we look at what's driving the ARPU increase. So our Cyber Safety program is one that combines value from security, from identity restoration and privacy, and that's been the driving force in the increase of value that's been translated into increasing price in ARPU.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss: In the risk of kind of beating a dead horse, I want to drill down a little bit further into the Enterprise Security side of the equation because they're down 24% in terms of billings, that's a pretty big drop. And it's a part of the business that Greg had a lot of confidence was turning around. I felt it was actually going to accelerate into FY '20. So question number one is in terms of the degree of recurring revenues, can we get a sense of what that was last year to just be able to basically size kind of how much comes from the Blue Coat hardware side of the equation and the nonrecurring versus the recurring? And relatedly, can you give us a sense in terms of the recurring side of the business, how well have renewal rates sustained? How well are you guys sustaining the base versus this being more of an issue of getting new customers and new business in the door?
Richard Hill: Well, I give my best analysis that I've had since I've been working on this data for about three weeks. I think the largest single factor affecting this downward trend is what I spoke about in my initial remarks, which is the fact that our core business, which is the Blue Coat systems, our customers are moving to the cloud more quickly, OK? And we had a weakness in our cloud solution. And as I spoke about it in my text, we, in fact, have strengthened that cloud offering, so we think we have that piece fixed. But the fact that the customer moves, we don't want to try to force the customer not to go where they want. So we're in a much better position to retain our key customers into the cloud now that we've improved the product. But the fact that our hardware business is declining more rapidly than we anticipated, that's what led to this downward position. Now having said that, we believe and we're planning that it's somewhat, we're still planning for decline but not at the rate it did decline in the last couple of quarters. So right now, that's the analysis we have of that business. I think the first thing you have to start with as a competitor versus a product and we spent a fair amount of time given how long I've been in the saddle, really, first and foremost, checking the product vitality. And I'm telling you that I feel that the vitality of the product has improved dramatically over the last six months. But again, when you fall down and you don't really realize, that's what's causing the customer to move away from you. We got to go work and we got to win those people back. We also though had really got to expand how quickly we get these products through a wider cross-section of business opportunities. I think that's extremely important. So I can't say enough about how our channel is working has to be improved. We've got to accelerate what we get across the entire channel, whether it's targeted at small business, medium business or the high-end enterprise business itself. And I think we have effective plans in place today that are going to take us there. As you can tell by our projection for Q1, that's where we wanted to be, but when we go out to year-end and we drive for those results, we will get there. So that's the best answer I can give you, Keith.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Phil Winslow from Wells Fargo.
Phil Winslow: Just to build on Keith's question earlier, obviously, you highlighted some changes that you've made technically on the cloud product and better positioning that service. But when you think about the idea of reacceleration from here from the guidance that you have given, what are the products that you've been looking for to drive to drive that needle higher? Why don't you just kind of walk us through how you're thinking about these?
Nick Noviello: Well, the thing - the one that I think is going to drive us the quickest, the fastest, of course, is our DLP product offering. And everybody only needs to look at the, really, in the intense focus on criminals trying to get at people's data is only accelerating. And you can see the damage that it does to corporations who will allow that to happen. Our DLP product has really accelerated dramatically and is growing at over 2x the market rate. The problem is it's from a small base. But it doesn't take long as those type of growth rates to get it back to where it's very, very substantive. And I think we're at that point, we're at the inflection point and should see that continue to grow handsomely over the next few quarters. And that's the major Number 1 product that we have a go to. Then I spoke about email, all right? I think we've undermarketed the importance of our email offering to the Enterprise. When you think of the amount of malware and everything else that comes through, phishing, spear phishing, whatever, coming through email. And the Number 1 supplier of an email platform is - has a 30%, 35% effectiveness in stopping it, that's a huge opportunity. And we have to make sure that we are partnering with those people so that when they are selling Enterprise solutions to their customers, they're not selling them something that puts their customers in risk, and that will be our strategy going forward.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Brad Zelnick from Credit Suisse.
Brad Zelnick: Excellent. Thank you so much for taking my questions. And Rick, welcome in your new role.
Richard Hill: Thank you.
Brad Zelnick: I want to first follow up on Saket's question as the news of Greg's departure comes quite abruptly and I think I speak on behalf of many investors in saying we were very fond of him, and a lot of the positive changes he made at Symantec. But in the spirit of transparency, which you mentioned several times, I think I need to ask, is Greg's departure in any way related to a disagreement with the Board or the Company or in way related to either the still unresolved SEC investigation or any pending litigation against the Company?
Richard Hill: Well, I can say there's no disagreement with me. My remarks were heartfelt about Greg's significant contribution to the position of Symantec today. He has a great strategic mind. I think that the reality of where we are today is - it's been a hard slug. And for anyone, and certainly, someone with the pride of Greg, he doesn't like to see the results that happened in the fourth quarter, and I know myself, coming out of the semiconductor capital equipment industry, we had huge cycle swings, okay. That at times, when the business were down, I can tell you, I felt like getting out of the business for a while. So I can't answer for Greg. You certainly can talk to him as much as you want. From my perspective, there comes a time when CEOs, things happen in companies, CEOs aren't - didn't do it or didn't have an effect on it other than you're at the top of the pyramid. And when you're at the top of the pyramid, sometimes things happen. So that's the best I can do with an answer. Because I don't have definitive. And there's no question absolutely to the investigation that I know of. At least no one's ever said that to me. I can say that factually.
Brad Zelnick: Should we assume that the incoming CFO was on board with the guidance you've given us? And also given the difficulty in forecasting the business over the past couple of years, how should we think about pipeline conversion rates embedded in your outlook? And what's embedded in terms of upfront revenue contribution within the Enterprise business?
Richard Hill: Well, rather than me speak, I'm going to let him speak for himself since he's in the room.
Vincent Pilette: Hi. This is Vincent. I participated for the last 10 days of the review of the management team as an observer. I observed how they put the plan together and how they came up with the guidance. As far as I can see, everything I looked at looks like a huge opportunity. So I look forward to join the team and work hard at delivering those guidance.
Richard Hill: All right, does that answer your question? That he's up to speed and he knows what's going on. I am extremely transparent, Brad. You all know that. Everybody that knows me knows it.
Brad Zelnick: Excellent.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, unfortunately, we are out of time. We thank you, greatly, and I would like to turn it back to our presenters for any closing remarks.
Cynthia Hiponia: Great. Thank you everyone for joining us here today and we look forward to updating on our next earnings call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. Once again, we thank you, greatly for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-01-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Ian and I will be your conference operator. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call.At this time all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to our host Cynthia Hiponia.
Cynthia Hiponia: Good afternoon. I am Cynthia Hiponia, Vice President of Investor Relations at Symantec and I am pleased to welcome you to our call to discuss our third quarter fiscal year 2019 earnings results. Weve posted the earnings materials and prepared remarks to our investor relations events webpage. Speaking on todays call are Greg Clark, Symantecs President and CEO; and Nick Noviello, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call will be available for replay via webcast on our website. I'd like to remind everyone that all references to financial metrics are non-GAAP, unless otherwise stated. Please refer to the supplemental tables posted on the Investor Relations website for further definitions of our non-GAAP metrics. Please note, non-GAAP financial measures referenced on this call are reconciled to their comparable GAAP financial measures in the press release and supplemental materials posted on our website. We believe our presentation of non-GAAP financial measures, when taken together with corresponding GAAP financial measures, provides meaningful supplemental information regarding our operating performance for reasons discussed below. Our management team uses those non-GAAP financial measures in assessing our operating results, as well as when planning, forecasting and annualizing future periods. We believe our non-GAAP financial measures also facilitate comparisons of our performance to prior periods and that investors benefit from understanding our non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures are supplemental and should not be considered a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Todays call contains forward-looking statements based on conditions as we currently see them. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current date and, as such, involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information. You will also find a detailed discussion about our risk factors in our filings with the SEC and, in particular, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 30, 2018 and on recently filed Quarterly Reports of Form 10-Q. With that, let me now turn the call over to Greg Clark, our CEO. Greg?
Greg Clark: Thank you for joining us, and good afternoon. For the third quarter fiscal 2019, we posted operating results above our guidance. Our top-line results were driven by both our Enterprise Security business, which achieved revenue above guidance, and solid revenue performance from our Consumer Digital Safety business. We achieved total company operating margins of approximately 32%, above our guidance. We generated strong cash flow from operations of $377 million in the third quarter, up substantially year-over-year. In Enterprise Security, we delivered revenue of $616 million, $31 million above the high end of our guidance range. After a difficult first half of the year, we are pleased with a return to revenue growth in Enterprise Security, which grew 3% organically. Our third quarter implied billings of $772 million at an average ratable billings duration of approximately 18 months, represents one of the highest performance quarters for Symantec since the divestiture of Veritas. We are pleased with customer adoption in the quarter and as a result, are guiding our full year fiscal 2019 Enterprise Security revenue higher. Importantly, third quarter duration was in line with our expectations and consistent with the prior year-ago period. Our growth in contract liabilities grew 9% quarter-over-quarter and 23% year-over-year, excluding the impact of the adoption of ASC 606. We continue to build a large installed base of customers, which provides us with opportunities to execute on our cross-sell strategy, and longer-term creates a higher renewal base. We continue to bring to market the worlds most powerful cyber defense technologies. These last few months have been extremely productive in product development. One of the biggest challenges in the security industry is the lack of skilled security professionals to meet the needs of the enterprise. Our customers have heavily benefited from our leading Managed Security Service which provides expert threat hunting across their security estate. We were very pleased to announce this week the release our Managed Endpoint Detection and Response Service, or MEDR, which allows us to attach a focused threat hunting service to our large installed base of endpoint security customers. This expands our value substantially to our installed base, especially in light of the skill shortage in the industry. Symantec is one of the few organizations that can deliver this kind of assistance on a global basis. This week we also announced several pioneering enhancements to our endpoint security offering, including the ability to isolate individual files and applications and place controls around them to mitigate even unknown attacks. This technology, developed internally, allows our customers to adopt the most aggressive defense posture on the endpoint. We have also announced our Threat Defense for Active Directory, which addresses the number one mechanism that attackers use to move laterally and expand their reach inside an enterprise. This product is based upon a technology that comes from our acquisition of Javelin Networks in early November. We are pleased with the speed with which our organization has delivered this value to our large installed base. These new solutions show the ability of our teams to organically innovate, as well as rapidly integrate technologies from acquisitions. Gartner already recognizes Symantec in the leaders quadrant of their 2018 Magic Quadrant for Endpoint Protection Platforms where our solution scored the highest among all other vendors based on our completeness of vision and ability to execute. We believe these pioneering enhancements to our endpoint offering further distance us from our competitors and strengthen our business case at the customer. The strength of our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform continues to be recognized by our customers and the industry. In November, Forrester named Symantec a leader and a juggernaught in Zero Trust. For those unfamiliar with the term, Symantec believes that in the long-term, our customers will operate on third party-controlled infrastructure, but still retain responsibility for their users and the associated data that they are entrusted with. We are focused on bringing innovative solutions to this rapidly changing risk profile driven by massive cloud adoption underway across the globe.  At Symantec, it has long been our mission to deliver security for a perimeterless world. From our firstmover acquisition of Elastica in the CASB space and of Fireglass in the Web Isolation space, we have built an integrated platform that allows customers to implement a security architecture that protects against even the most sophisticated threats in the cloud generation. For customers, implementing a perimeter-less architecture, or Zero Trust, means selecting vendors that provide superior protection and cross-product integration. Our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform offers this, as well as what we believe is a lower overall cost of ownership versus the alternative of self-integrating multi-vendor technologies. Turning to our customer wins in the third quarter. We are excited about the number of different verticals that are adopting our platform at scale and in different geographies, and we view this as a major indicator of the potential for our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform across the globe. In the third quarter, a European household appliance manufacturing company signed an eight figure deal, as they adopted a substantial footprint of our Integrated Cyber Defense solution set. This is a great example of how CIOs are recognizing not only the breadth of our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform, but also its superior protection and cross-product integration. In Asia Pacific, a major securities and derivatives trading exchange that was a SEP customer, expanded their Symantec footprint and adopted our cloud security stack, which includes CASB, cloud proxy, DLP, Web Isolation and Cloud Malware Analysis. This customer chose Symantec to help them securely move to the cloud because of the strength of our integration between our endpoint technology and our powerful cloud security portfolio. A global Fortune 500 power company, which already had a SEP installed base was looking to build an internal SOC and faced a limited talent pool. In a seven figure win against two large managed service providers, the customer purchased Advanced Threat Protection, SEP Mobile, Managed Security Services, DeepSight, Cyber Security Services and Managed Endpoint Detection and Response Service. The customer realized that our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform could improve operational efficiencies resulting in a faster ROI, as well as reduce its SOC staffing requirements. We are also seeing customers of all sizes being able to deploy our technogy at a rapid pace, and positively resetting their expectations of time-to-value for security products. To give one example, a regional hospital in the Northern Europe purchased 4,000 licenses of our SEP and EDR endpoint technologies in late December. This purchase was the first phase of rollout that would replace a competitive endpoint product which was about to reach the end of its license period in March. The hospital had cautiously planned to renew their existing solution for an additional year to create overlap and cover the possibility of a lengthy rollout. In January, three weeks after their Symantec purchase, all 4,000 seats of our endpoint protection had been deployed, significantly ahead of schedule. As a result, this customer is in the process of procuring and deploying an additional 10,000 seats and they expect to avoid the planned license cost of the one year of overlap with our competitor. Let me now turn to our Consumer Digital Safety business. We are pleased with the third quarter outcome for Consumer Digital Safety, which was in line with our guidance. The third quarter marked the first anniversary of the Cyber Safety subscribers we acquired in connection with the 2017 Equifax breach and we are pleased that we grew revenue against this difficult period compare. The core tenants of our Cyber Safety platform include identity protection, malware protection, privacy as well as home and family safety. We extended our platform with the launch of Norton Privacy Manager, which is a relevant topic in recent times and we believe a defining element in the minds of consumers. In the third quarter, we announced a strategic parternship with AON, which we view as validation of our longer-term strategy to drive consumer adoption through business-to-business-to-consumer relationships. AON offers solutions to help high-net worth individuals to defend their assets against cyber criminals. Our offering to AON customers will include features across our Consumer Digital Safety platform. Cyber Safety is synergistic with many brands globally, such as insurers, banks, telecom providers and other member organizations that are anchored in trust. As we expand Cyber Safety internationally and to address a growing array of vertical needs, we believe partnerships such as AON will expand the value we bring customers and the revenue potential for our consumer business. Turning back to the company performance in the third quarter, we are pleased with the results. Before I turn it over to Nick, I want to take a moment to recognize his leadership and many contributions to our company. As we announced in our press release earlier today, Nick will be stepping down from his role as CFO in the coming months to pursue other opportunities. It has been a great privilege to work alongside Nick, first at Blue Coat and now at Symantec, where he has played an important role in successfully transforming our company: through the integration of both Blue Coat and LifeLock; the substantial improvements weve made in our business systems and processes; and in helping me and the executive team set the stage for Symantecs next chapter of growth and shareholder value creation. Nick and I have worked closely for over three years, and Im grateful to have had such a committed, focused and talented partner. On behalf of the entire Symantec team, I thank Nick and wish him all the best in the next chapter of his professional life. We are initiating a search process to identify a new CFO. While we are working expeditiously to conduct the search, we are committed to taking the time we need to find the best candidate for the role. We are grateful that Nick is staying on board throughout the search process to help identify a strong successor and will remain with the Company until mid-2019 to ensure a seamless and orderly transition. In addition, today we announced the appointment of Matt Brown as Chief Accounting Officer, effective immediately. Matt has served as Symantecs Vice President and Corporate Controller since 2016 and is a valued member of our finance organization. With that, Ill turn the call over to Nick for the financial details.
Nick Noviello: Thank you, Greg, and good afternoon everyone. Before I jump into our results and guidance, I want to thank Greg and everyone at Symantec for the opportunity to be a part of this remarkable journey. As Greg noted, I will remain in this role until a successor has been appointed, and I will work closely with him or her to ensure a smooth transition with the goal of this being seamless for all of you on the phone, as well as for our internal Symantec team. In the meantime, I look forward to continuing to work with Greg and the executive team, as well as the strong team supporting me in the finance and operations organization, to support Symantecs execution on our strategic growth, transformation and profitability initiatives, and driving shareholder value. Now, moving on to our results. All references to financial metrics are non-GAAP, unless otherwise stated. Please note weve posted information on our financial metrics, other tables and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP measures, as well as currency impacts to our financial results, in our supplemental materials to our investor relations website. Starting in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, Symantec adopted the new revenue recognition accounting standard, ASC 606, under the modified retrospective transition method. Due to this adoption method we did not recast any historical financial information prior to fiscal year 2019. However, to help investors understand our performance relative to historical results, in fiscal year 2019 we are also providing select results as calculated under ASC 605 in our supplemental materials to our investor relations website. As a reminder, the first three quarters of fiscal year 2018 included results from our website security and related PKI products that we divested on October 31, 2017. For comparative purposes, we report organic growth rates which we define as growth adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures. Now, Q3 results. Total company revenue was above our guidance range, with year-over-year organic revenue growth in constant currency of 3%. The upside was due to outperformance in Enterprise Security. At the end of the third quarter, contract liabilities of $2.928 billion were up 7% year-over-year. This ending contract liabilities balance and year-over-year growth rate was negatively impacted by $192 million due to the impact of ASC 606. Operating margin for the third quarter was 32%, above our guidance of 30%, driven primarily by the overachievement in Enterprise Security revenue. Our effective tax rate for Q3 was 19.3%, in line with our guidance. Fully diluted earnings per share was $0.44, above our guidance. We did not repurchase any shares during the quarter. We generated cash flow from operating activities in Q3 of $377 million versus $294 million in the year ago period, and Q3 CapEx was $58 million. While total company cash flow from operating activities was up 28% year-over-year, cash flow from continuing operations was up 45%. We ended Q3 with approximately $2.6 billion in cash and short-term investments, with $2.2 billion held in the U.S. Now lets discuss our Q3 operating segment performance. First, Enterprise Security. Our Enterprise Security revenue was $616 million, and reflected organic growth of 3% year-over-year in constant currency. Revenue was $31 million above the high end of our guidance range due to a higher mix of sales yielding up-front revenue than we had built into our guidance. Enterprise Security contract liabilities were $1.889 billion, up 11% year-over-year. This ending contract liabilities balance and year-over-year growth rate was negatively impacted by $210 million due to the impact of ASC 606. Enterprise Security contract liabilities were up 9% compared to the prior quarter. Our Q3 Enterprise Security implied billings were $772 million, down 4% year-over-year adjusted for the WSS/PKI divestiture, and generally in line with our expectations built into our revenue guidance. In our Enterprise Security segment in the third quarter, approximately 76% of our revenue was ratable under ASC 606, as compared to 81% in the second quarter of fiscal year 2019 and 82% in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019. This decrease was due to a higher mix of sales yielding up-front revenue in the quarter. As we stated on our earnings call in May, we are disclosing contract duration for our ratable business in Enterprise Security on a quarterly basis through fiscal year 2019. Please note this is an ASC 605 metric that we will not be reporting after this fiscal year. Contract duration for our ratable business in Q3 was approximately 18 months. This compares to just under 17 months in Q2 and just under 18 months in the year ago period. With respect to our performance obligations as of the end of Q3, consistent with Q1 and Q2, we project approximately 65% of our total Enterprise Security performance obligations will be recognized as revenue within 12 months, approximately 89% within 24 months and approximately 98% within 36 months. Enterprise Security operating margins were 16% under ASC 606, as compared to 23% in the year-ago period under ASC 605. The website security and related PKI products divestiture contributed to the year-over-year decline. Turning to Consumer Digital Safety and our quarterly Digital Safety metrics. Consumer Digital Safety segment revenue of $602 million, was in-line with our guidance, and reflected organic growth of 2% year-over-year in constant currency. In the third quarter, our average direct customer count was $20.4 million, down slightly from Q2. Direct ARPU increased to $8.84 per month, up slightly from Q2. We expect these direct customer statistics to represent approximately 90% of our revenue stream at any point in time. Finally, Consumer Digital Safety operating margin was 49%, compared to 53% in the prior-year period. Our operating margin was consistent with what we saw in Q2. Turning to our guidance, under ASC 606. Our guidance reflects our current view of the business. Our organic growth rates are adjusted for the website security and related PKI products divestiture. Based on Q3 ending FX rates, we are not forecasting a significant impact from FX on our revenue and operating income for the rest of the year. For Q4, we are forecasting a Q4 fiscal year 2019 revenue range of $1.19 billion to $1.22 billion, comprised of $595 million to $615 million in Enterprise Security and $595 million to $605 million in Consumer Digital Safely. At the mid-point, our guidance, on an organic basis and in constant currency, implies approximately flat revenue growth for the total company. We are forecasting operating margin in Q4 to be approximately 30%. We expect our effective tax rate in Q4 to be approximately 19.3% and our guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of approximately $656 million. Our Q4 fiscal year 2019, EPS is forecasted to be in the range of $0.37 to $0.41. Now to our Fiscal Year 2019 guidance. We are adjusting guidance for the full year fiscal 2019 to reflect our outperformance in Enterprise in the third quarter. We are forecasting fiscal year 2019 revenue in the range of $4.76 to $4.79 billion, consisting of $2.36 to $2.38 billion in Enterprise Security and $2.40 to $2.41 billion in Consumer Digital Safety. At the midpoint, on an organic basis and in constant currency, our guidance suggests a growth of 1.5% in revenue for the total company, relatively flat revenue for Enterprise Security, and 3% growth for Consumer Digital Safety. We are forecasting operating margin in fiscal year 2019 to be approximately 30%. We expect our effective tax rate in fiscal year 2019 to be approximately 19.3% and our guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of approximately $660 million. We are forecasting EPS for fiscal year 2019 in the range of $1.57 to $1.61. We are forecasting cash flow from operations for fiscal year 2019 to be in the range of $1.25 to $1.35 billion as compared to total cash flows from operations of $950 million in fiscal year 2018. Turning now to our fiscal year 2020 outlook. Consistent with prior quarters, we are providing our growth outlook for fiscal year 2020. On our next earnings call, we will provide specific fiscal 2020 financial guidance. While our perspective on the growth potential for each of our business segments is unchanged, we are adjusting our revenue growth outlook at this time simply to reflect the increase in our fiscal 2019 revenue forecast as reported this quarter. We expect that total company organic revenue will grow in the mid-single digits year-over-year in fiscal year 2020. We expect Enterprise Security segment organic revenue will grow in the mid-to-high single digits year-over-year. Our expectations continue to be built on a combination of factors, including, one, the roll-off from existing contract liabilities, which have grown substantially year-over-year. Two, our expectations for performance in the fourth quarter and three, the growth we expect in fiscal year 2020. Our expectations for Consumer Digital Safety, organic revenue growth are unchanged at low-to-mid single digits year-over-year. Our fiscal year 2020 outlook for total company operating margins is in the mid-30. This operating margin outlook reflects continued revenue growth in both our Enterprise Security and Consumer Digital Safety segments, as well as a set of cost reduction actions we announced in August. With operating margins in the mid-30, we expect EPS growth in the low double digits, and cash flow from operations growth at or above net income growth as we largely work through our restructuring, transition and transformation efforts in fiscal year 2019. As noted in our Q3 income statement, we incurred year-to-date costs of $205 million related to restructuring, transition and other costs. These initiatives are largely coming to a close in fiscal year 2019, which will have a positive impact on cash flow in fiscal 2020. Now turning to capital allocation, we completed a review with our Board of Directors and plan to restart our capital allocation program in Q4. Consistent with our capital allocation strategy we will take a balanced approach, including share repurchase, debt repayment, and flexibility to pursue strategic options, including M&A. Regarding share repurchase, we have increased our repurchase authorization by $500 million to $1.3 billion, giving us additional flexibility to deploy the excess capital on our balance sheet and future cash flow. We expect to start repurchases in Q4, and will update shareholders on the amount of equity repurchased on a quarterly basis. Regarding debt repayment, we plan in Q4 to prepay our $600 million term loan due August 2019. This prepayment is consistent with our de-leveraging plan, pursuant to which we will have repaid $3.8 billion of debt in fiscal year 2018 and fiscal year 2019 and reduced total debt from $8.3 billion at Q4 of fiscal year 2017 to $4.5 billion. Finally, we expect to continue to pursue acquisition opportunities and to continue our regular quarterly dividend of $0.75 per share. Let me now turn the call back over to Greg for some closing remarks.
Greg Clark: Thank you Nick. As Nick discussed, we are pleased with the third quarter and look forward to delivering on our fourth quarter guidance. After a difficult first half in FY19, regaining momentum in the business is our core focus. As we raised revenue guidance in fiscal year 2019 to reflect our outperformance in Enterprise Security in the third quarter, this resulted in a higher revenue comparison, which affects the period compare in fiscal year 2020. Our comments on FY2020 outlook is based on the change in period compare from our increased FY 2019 outlook. I would note that we are closely watching to widely reported concerns on potential softening of global economic growth as a material amount of our business is from outside the U.S. With that said it is important to note that we're still seeing a healthy pipeline in our Enterprise Security business and over the long term we believe that the cyber defense market has tailwinds for our business. The third quarter marks another quarter of installed basis expansion, which benefits future renewals. Finally, we have increased our shareholder purchase authorization, which is a signal of our confidence in our ability to continue to drive strong operating cash flow and growth. Thank you very much for your time. Nick and I would be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Saket Kalia from Barclays Bank.
Saket Kalia: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions here. Nick, great working with you. I wish you best of luck in the future.
Nick Noviello: Thank you.
Saket Kalia: Greg, maybe just to start with you, obviously, a nice bump up in enterprise billings here seasonally and I think you've talked about  you've touched on this in your closing remarks. But can you just pick a little deeper into how the pipeline looks going into the March quarter? And how you feel about things like sales capacity and other sales metric whether that's churn or competitive win rates, for example, just a little deeper in terms of how you're feeling about that setup going into Q4?
Greg Clark: Thanks. Saket, thanks for the question. I think as we have reported and we saw in FY 2018 seasonally the two big quarters for Symantec are the third quarter and the fourth quarter and we're just entering our fourth quarter. So well we do usually have a strong book of business in the back half of the year. And as you can see from our guidance, we're planning on delivering another substantial quarter, fourth quarter. So our pipeline is good. We do also believe that we have the sales capacity in place even though we had a difficult first half. We feel like the sales capacity we have rolling into our fourth quarter is sufficient. In terms of demand, demand cyber defense continues to be a board level and C-level topic across the globe. And I think there is plenty of opportunity for us to be able to, as I said in the prepared remarks, have the long-term deliver some good results for the business, so fourth quarter sales capacity good pipeline where it needs to be.
Saket Kalia: Got it. That's really helpful, maybe just to follow up for you Greg. I think we saw the upfront business obviously can ebb and flow from quarter-to-quarter in the enterprise business specifically. I guess the question is how do you think about that upfront mix as a percentage of enterprise revenues sort of broad brushes long-term?
Greg Clark: Yes, so I think we definitely stand behind our comments that we've made in prior conference calls about the shift to cloud. And we do believe that that's going to continue. And so we think that the size of the business is quite large and small movements in mix for certain things is definitely not future based. But we stand behind our prior statements about how we think about that going forward. It is nice to see some of our large installed base of appliances being procured, broad based, which across the globe because thats still there and theres still a capacity need that happens in there. But we definitely think that going forward our comments on mix are still solid.
Nick Noviello: Yeah, Saket, its Nick. You can actually see it in our  some of our supplemental materials and the performance obligations information just to see the  just to compare between the upfront revenue and enterprise this quarter versus even last quarter. And that difference really rolls through straight through the results from Q3. Ultimately though, as you know, this is about building those contract liabilities over time and what that does in terms of future revenue and in addition what that means in terms of future installed base to go after and renew, et cetera. So, we're showing you the implications or the impact to the end quarter, but the overall momentum in the business and the overall shift to cloud in the business is very focused is ongoing. And ultimately, those things show up in our contract liabilities and what that revenue growth opportunity looks like over time.
Saket Kalia: Very helpful. Thanks again guys.
Operator: And our next question is from line of Michael Turits from Raymond James.
Michael Turits: Hey, guys. Let me just drill down a little bit more on the shift to upfront. I just want to make sure  it sounds like and I would think it is a function of more appliance take rate. So maybe you can put that in the context of your refresh and how people are choosing appliances versus virtual versus your WSS cloud service.
Greg Clark: So we are still seeing a very strong element of the form factors in the cloud based WSS or Cloud Access Brokers are a big piece what happens. And we do get appliance refreshes also because capacity needs increase there and things wear out. And as you can see in this quarter, we definitely saw some of that. I can say it wasn't one big deal. It's kind of across the geographies and broad based, but again it's a big business and $30 million of mix is not a substantial swing or either way. I wouldn't read too much into it. We do believe that the cloud transformation is ongoing, and we think that as we look at the future that's where our work is and we look forward to talking about that when we guide 2020.
Michael Turits: Hey, guys All right. I just want to make sure, Nick, that I clarify the numbers. I didn't catch them all in terms of the mix impact. So are you saying that the upside to guidance was all from mix? Would you have been in line ex the mix, if you'd been at anticipated mix?
Nick Noviello: Certainly, the amount over the top in the $30 million plus range was due to that Enterprise mix and you can see that on the revenue line and the operating margins and straight down to the bottom line.
Michael Turits: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Gabriela Borges from Goldman Sachs.
Gabriela Borges: Great. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Greg, you made a comment in the prepared remarks about productivity and innovation and they are indeed part of your business. It sounds like maybe you're competing with a stronger or a broader set of products. The question is, it's not having implications on pricing in the competitive environment, meaning can you maybe extract a little more pricing power than what you may be able to do a year or two ago? Thanks.
Greg Clark: I think what's benefiting us at the procurement table is the fact that we are bringing a bunch more products to the table, which allows us to have more flexibility on pricing. So depending upon the competitive mix, it gives us a lot of different choices, but I definitely think over time people will value the fact that they don't have to integrate the pieces and they get them from us, which should allow us to command a little bit more price and perhaps a more commoditized element of the bill of materials. So we think that we have aspirations for that to be a supporter of ASP as we go forward, because we believe over time people will value that integration and pay for it.
Gabriela Borges: That's helpful. Thank you. And the follow-up is, Nick, if I may could you level set us on where we are with some of the cost initiatives that you've targeted in the back half of the fiscal year. I think, you talked about $115 million potential savings and are there still more block and tackle efforts that you can approach after that or are we pretty much coming towards the tail end of optimizing the business profile? Thank you.
Nick Noviello: Sure. Thanks for the question, Gabriela. And, I think, if you look back over the last couple of years, we've talked about cost opportunities and integration opportunities and taking costs out of the business which we've very successfully done over time. So as we have moved through this fiscal year and as we pivot to 2020 and as we pivot to our operating plans in 2020, those cost actions and those opportunities are going to be in or reflected in the numbers that we give you. So the pace of those things can always change one way or the other. The amount of severance, if you will, in one quarter versus another or transition costs one quarter versus another can move around, but we are on track to our commitments and what we intend to do. I think  from the original comments of mostly done inside this fiscal year, that may move a little bit into 2020 and have a little bit of cash implication and if FY 2020, but if you kind of look back at the prepared remarks from earlier, we have a substantial takedown of cash costs in general in restructuring, transition, transformation type costs as we go from 2019 to 2020.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Fatima Boolani from UBS.
Fatima Boolani: Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. Greg, maybe a question for you. Just in the context of the strength in the Enterprise Security business, I was hoping you could make a comment on some of those leadership changes that youve brought into the organization more recently, and sort of how that is factoring into your expectations as you head into a seasonally stronger execution period for the company. And then I have a follow-up for Nick as well.
Greg Clark: So, I think, yes, we announced last quarter, I cant remember exactly what the date was  a restructuring in our enterprise to separate the product from selling and Art Gilliland coming on board to look after our product pieces, and Mark Andrews, he already taken control over the worldwide sales organization. I think, this is definitely helping us as we go forward. We have very focused and concentrated energy on the product side and also on the field side. So I think that transformation is going well for us. And I think as we sit here reporting on that period, I think, we had a good outcome. And so we feel like that organizational change is going well.
Fatima Boolani: Great and, Nick, a question for you, just on the consumer business specifically and the guidance there, may be a little bit lighter than what we were looking for. So just wanted to understand some of the puts and takes on the consumer segment guidance as we close out the year, and thats it for me. Thank you.
Nick Noviello: Sure. Yes. So, thanks for the question, Fatima. And I think, first of all let me talk about consumer in the overall in the year. And you heard about our view of 3% organic growth for consumer. We are basically on the plan and we feel very good about whats going on in the consumer segment. You can see that in our kind of discussions on subscribers, on ARPU, et cetera. So we feel quite good about that. Theres always going be a movement a bit, quarter-to-quarter. Were coming off a compare on the Equifax side. And weve built all of that into our results here, but our organic initiatives, the cross-sell and the retention work thats gone on in consumer, we feel very, very good about and those operational teams deserve praise for the amount of work theyve done.
Fatima Boolani: Very clear. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Brad Zelnick from Credit Suisse.
Brad Zelnick: Excellent. Thanks very much, guys. Its great to see the progress this quarter, and Nick, congrats to you its been a pleasure working with you over the years.
Nick Noviello: Thank you.
Brad Zelnick: Youre welcome. And Greg, Ive got one for you and a follow-up for Nick. Greg, many have been speculating about your appetite for acquisitions, particularly large deals, and especially now that were past the audit committee review, should we see the addition to your buyback authorization signaling less of an interest or am I misreading this?
Greg Clark: No, I think Nicks prepared remarks covered, Id say the tenants of our capital allocation, which concluded I think some supporting statements about maintaining some capacity for M&A.
Brad Zelnick: Okay. And Nick, as we look at your year-to-date implied Enterprise billings adjusting for the divestiture of WSS and PKI, your year-to-date, I know it was a tough start to the year, but youre down 8% year-to-date, down 3.5% this quarter. And Im just having a tough time seeing how you get to mid-to-high single-digit revenue growth in Enterprise next year. And I guess you can  theres more upfront business like you get like we saw this quarter. But how should we think about bridging to that kind of revenue growth. And in your prepared remarks, you talked about the business picking up in Q4 and into next year that helps to get you there, but whats the kind of billings growth that you would need to drive that revenue result?
Nick Noviello: Its a good question, Brad. So let me kind of walk you through it. And I think the first part thats really important here is understanding. This is made up of multiple components. First component is the roll-off of existing contract liabilities, and youve seen and weve disclosed in our supplemental materials, how those contract liabilities are growing and certainly how they grew in the third quarter, very similar to some of the heavy growth we had in last year. And as Gregs comments on duration and you see it in our recognition charts on when this is all coming in, this is tight inside periods of time and consistent in terms of the roll-off of contract liabilities. So we feel good about that. So you have to take number one that. Number two, whats our expectations for the fourth quarter and Greg talked about it and I gave you the specific numbers on that. There is an in-period recognition to that, and then there is a radical amount and there is a recognition in further periods. And we look at that go-forward recognition, probably not that different from prior recognition. And then the final element is our billings growth expectation and our mix expectation for FY 2020. So well talk more about that on our next call, but its those elements and the stacking element on the contract liability side that has amortization to it that underpins and gives us strong evidence to how we think this business will grow. Remember this all started back at the beginning of FY 2018 with a business and a set of products and a sales force that came together under a new way of how we were going to sell. So when you see that, that machine that really got built over a year ago, has been adding to these contract liability balances that will yield benefit for us next year.
Brad Zelnick: Really appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is the line of Karl Keirstead from Deutsche Bank.
Karl Keirstead: Thank you. Greg, maybe one for you. If we could go back to the appliance strengths that you saw, this is the second quarter in a row that thats happened. And Im just wanted to understand why you think thats happening, is this just a fluke of a few large deals, is there any kind of demand issue thats causing the upfront appliance strength to be a little bit better than you were expecting. And then, maybe Ill ask my follow up to Nick now as well. Nick, on the operating cash flow side, $377 million is the highest operating cash flow in some time, and it looks like the 4Q cash flow guide is pretty strong too. So Im just wondering if you could take a minute to discuss maybe what a couple of the drivers of that strength are and in particular, whether this upfront appliance strength you mentioned it drops to the operating margin. Could that have been a contributor to the cash flow as well? Thank you.
Greg Clark: Yes, so to take your question on appliances first, so we dont have any single large deals with either appliance related in these results. This is more broad based cross geography. And I think it does speak to the fact that there is some capacity growth. We are in a hybrid world. There are still on-premise networks and things like that around our capacity needs growing there. And we still stand behind our transition to cloud statements. Were seeing a very good situation where incremental capacity, roaming user capacity is being purchased through our cloud proxies and through our Cloud Access Brokers, which only come in a pure cloud form factor. There isnt any on-premise co-related things like our Cloud Access brokers in these things. So more broad-based, I think, it is that  we are in a hybrid situation in the world where there is still a substantial clip of information and computing done on-premise, and we do see some appliances there. We are not seeing that across the Board. I think we look forward to talking to you more about that as we dig into the 2020 guidance, but I think its a good guy for our appliance business. Definitely not a sea change for how we think things are going to go on cloud.
Nick Noviello: Hey, Karl. Let me just give you a couple of comments on the cash flow side [indiscernible] (47:08) and certainly the over edge on enterprise sort of rolls through, but I think the other thing thats important to understand is that, we have indicated that our restructuring transformation or transition in other costs will be coming down over time, and thats obviously a benefit to cash flow. If you look at those costs on just P&L basis for this quarter versus a year-ago quarter, theyre lower. Obviously, theres a translation to cash that needs to occur, but we also  when we look at cash and cash flow opportunities go forward into fiscal year 2020, we benefit obviously from net income growth and some of the numbers weve talked about there in the high level guidance, weve given an outlook for 2020 there. But in addition, I think you need to look at that restructuring transition and other costs line. And year-to-date, this year thats $205 million in expense and thats an area that as we bring these projects to close, thats a benefit to cash flow.
Karl Keirstead: Okay. Very helpful. Thank you both.
Operator: And our next question is one line of Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss: Excellent. Thank you guys for taking the question. Two for you Greg. One, just in terms of the competitive environment. Weve seen better sort of appliance strengths. Theres been something sort of more so on the Blue Coat side of the business. Can you talk about sort of the competitive environment you are seeing out there and how well youre doing in competition against some of the newer vendors in the space. So youve seen a lot of momentum guys like Zscaler whether your kind of hybrid cloud offering has been effective against those. And then, one on the consumer side of equation  it sounds like you guys are still pretty confident and sort of durable growth in that business, but we have seen several quarters in a row of the  like the subscriber count coming down, and I think youre down like 5% on the year-on-year basis. What gives you guys confidence, like, its part of the equation that thats going to stabilize over time and what gives you confidence that, that stabilizing gives you guys sort of that good foundation for growth on a going forward basis?
Gregory Clark: Yes, let me take the consumer question first, and then Ill come back to the competitive nature in Enterprise. So we are very focused on bringing back net new member growth to the consumer business. That is something that we really care about and we continue to, I think, narrow the gap there. I think weve got some good results there. I think its difficult period compares right now, because as Nick mentioned before, this is the period thats comparing back into the huge Equifax, I would say, identity protection procurement period, which is very high ARPU procurement. We had some great results in that period a year ago. So I think we are very pleased that we managed to deliver a good quarter there, and now the business is on plan for the full year. But definitely  our management team and consumer is definitely focused on net new member growth and turning that curve and we measure that very carefully in our management reviews and thats what a lot of our initiatives are at. I think the deal that we talked about in our prepared remarks around Aon are examples of new routes that can also help address that. And we do have better retention in the business, which is also, I think, part of the business case that when we sell our cyber safety platform, we lose less customers at the hardware refresh on the malware side of things. And theyre much easier to reacquire on the other side of a new PC. So I think all those premises that are behind our strategy and consumer are still there, and we like the long-term outlook for the business. I think were innovating there. We launched our Norton privacy manager, which is a very important topic for the world right now, which is just come into market and so were  I think we have a good premise for net new member growth and thanks for asking that question, thats something that is right in the heart of our KPIs. So, moving to competitiveness in enterprise. We are pleased with how pure cloud web proxy business and the integrated cyber defense elements of that which is when we sell a cloud property, which competes with some competitors. We also have a strong attach with the Cloud Access broker and we have a strong attach of our very deep data protection technologies in that area. So, our ability to compete there is strong. I think, we are doing very well in that space and the future is bright for the WSS, CASB, and data compliance and cloud application story. Were the only vendor that brings all of those technologies to bear integrated and as a global service. And I think, were winning some fantastic accounts there. In the on-premise side, our appliance business is still there and its still happening as you can see from some of the metrics this quarter. And we did  we still maintain a very strong install base there and as that refreshes, we have the opportunity to pick up the rest of that. So thats really a big part about network adjacencies, and I think we continue to execute well there. As we move to the future and zero trust becomes more important, and as I mentioned our prepared remarks, youre running on other peoples infrastructure. In many cases, you wont be able to completely trust it for your data. It will be very solid, very trustworthy companies, but youre responsible for the data floating across the security over the top on that is the future. Thats what were doing with the products I just mentioned and as we integrate our very powerful SEP and SEP Mobile technologies with that, we think we create something that is going to be very hard to beat, and were laser focused on that strategy. And I think weve proven to the industry that our engineering works and it delivers here, and we intend to really continue to drive the envelope in that area. And I think there are a lot of upstarts, there in point solutions, and I think that those gaps between the point solutions will define the long-term winner and we hope that to be Symantec.
Brad Zelnick: Excellent. Thats very helpful, thanks.
Operator: And our next question this from the line of Shaul Eyal from Oppenheimer.
Shaul Eyal: Thank you. Hi, good afternoon and congrats on the progress on the enterprise front. Greg, Id like to know, given you guys have a sizable exposure to the European continent, and there has been some conflicting messages with respect to macro demand, what can you tell us about what Symantec has been seeing during the quarter coming out of Europe? Thank you.
Greg Clark: So we dont break out in our numbers  specific numbers on the geographies, but I can give you some longer-term views and what weve seen over the last little while. We have a very substantial amount of our business from overseas and weve seen some very strong examples, couple of them, we used in our prepared remarks, the home appliance, vendor and the hospital in Northern Europe. We are still seeing strong demand. I do believe that cyber defense is a non-negotiable across the board rooms of the larger organizations globally, including every major geography of Western Europe, especially after what happened to a couple of companies over there in the 2018 calendar year and 2017 calendar year around some of the malware worms that took out shipping companies and things like that. So, there is definitely a heightened sense of need for cyber defense there, and also the privacy movement is alive and well there, and data privacy and corporations is a big care about. So, we are happy with our outlook in Europe, but we are cautiously watching it, because were reading the same headlines and listening to everything else that are generating the comments. And we had a statement on that in our prepared remarks. but right now, for Q4, were in good shape in Europe and what we think, as we get to 2020, well have some more  some more thoughts for you.
Shaul Eyal: Thank you for that. And also, Nick congrats. It was a pleasure working with you.
Nick Noviello: Thank you and with you.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of John DiFucci from Jefferies.
John DiFucci: Hi. Thank you. Greg, questions for you. Its been touched on here. When given the guidance, total  even total revenue mid-single-digits into fiscal 2020. I mean, thats still acceleration and its good to see some of the metrics looking a little better, but they looked a little better two quarters ago too and then last quarter looked as good. I just  I dont think youve done mid-single-digit revenue growth on an organic constant currency basis, and I dont mean just you and I dont think Symantec has done it, since they divested Veritas. So, we see in our numbers and maybe were off a little bit there, but I dont think so. So thats why I become the fourth person to ask a question on this new topic, because it does also sound like we should be seeing some kind of a hardware component here. We get that. That revenue is recognized right upfront. So thats going to help. But weve been waiting for that  for sort of a couple of years and I thought it just sort of passed us by. So, Im not sure like it, is there like this  these customers that have they need to replace their proxies and the time is now to do it and youre assuming theyre going to do it, but cant they just go with other solutions too? And you said youre ready for the cloud and I think of it. And it could be your solutions, but that would be less revenue and I dont know, Im just trying to figure it out, because...
Greg Clark: So, John, I think if you  yes, so good question and I understand that there's a lot of  I would say I want to understand this better in the analyst community and I would just say that we just closed out Q3, we had a 3% organic revenue growth in the Enterprise and we also grew the contract liabilities at the same time.  So the revenue growth is now coming at the expense of the build in the forward contract liabilities' database  sorry, a backlog, it's our view. Roll that forward, I think you'll get to the numbers we're at. And then I think the other thing to keep in mind is if you look at the discussion we're having, go back over the customer examples that we've rolled out on many calls over the last few quarters and have a look at the product examples that we're giving in that.  There is a lot, lot more for sales here than hardware proxies in our Integrated Cyber Defense story. And then every solution that we talk about, we are talking about a number of products that are in there as adjacencies that are being sold. And I think that as you then close those deals, the beautiful thing about that is that they renew. When their service delivered, they renew and I think that's better for us. It's better from a cost of sales point of view and it's better from a stickiness point of view.  I think as we move through what was FY18 and we had a big back half in FY18, did some great billings numbers in 18-month duration. We're doing it again in the back half of 2019, and we plan to do it again in next year. But you will find that, that renewal base gets very strong and that deferred revenue build, as Nick mentioned before, the stacking of that is quite good and we believe that our longer-term outlook being mid-single for the Company is achievable. We are in a transition as we mentioned before, and we're going to be coming out of the other side of that as we look forward, and we think that's where we build that guidance from. And I appreciate the question. And please pay attention to the size of the portfolio that's behind Integrated Cyber Defense and anchoring that growth on purely proxies and hardware proxies is not the case. And we're a big leader in Cloud Access Brokers. Those things have never seen a customer's data center they all run in the cloud as a bunch of products like that are pure cloud here at Symantec, and they're driving a bunch of great adjacencies and growth for us. So I appreciate the question. I think we have done a lot of work behind that answer and that's why we talk about it.
John DiFucci: Okay. Thank you, Greg.
Operator: And at this time, I'd like to pass it back to the presenters for any closing remarks.
Cynthia Hiponia: Great. Thank you everyone for joining us this afternoon and we look forward to updating you on our next call.
Greg Clark: Thank you all very much. Thanks for the questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. We thank you greatly for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2018-11-01 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Cynthia Hiponia - Symantec Corp. Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp. Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.
Analysts: Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc. Fatima Boolani - UBS Securities LLC Keith Eric Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Brad Alan Zelnick - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Karl E. Keirstead - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Fenn Hoffman - Evercore Group LLC
Operator: Good day. My name is Ian, and I'd like to welcome everyone to the Symantec Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings call. At this time, all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to, Cynthia Hiponia, Vice President of Investor Relations at Symantec. Cynthia, you may begin.
Cynthia Hiponia - Symantec Corp.: Good afternoon. This is Cynthia Hiponia, Vice President of Investor Relations at Symantec, and I am pleased to welcome you to our call to discuss our second quarter fiscal year 2019 earnings results. We've posted the earnings materials and prepared remarks to our Investor Relations webpage. Speakers on today's call are Greg Clark, Symantec's CEO; and Nick Noviello, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call will be available for replay via webcast on our website. I'd like to remind everyone that all references to financial metrics are non-GAAP, unless otherwise stated. Please refer to the supplemental tables posted on the IR website for further definitions of our non-GAAP metrics. Please note, non-GAAP financial measures referenced during this call are reconciled to their comparable GAAP financial measures in the press release and supplemental materials posted on our website. We believe our presentation of non-GAAP financial measures, when taken together with corresponding GAAP financial measures, provides meaningful supplemental information regarding our operating performance for reasons discussed below. Our management team uses those non-GAAP financial measures in assessing our operating results, as well as when planning, forecasting and annualizing future periods. We believe our non-GAAP financial measures also facilitate comparisons of our performance to prior periods and that investors benefit from understanding our non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures are supplemental and should not be considered a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Today's call contains forward-looking statements based on conditions as we currently see them. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current date and, as such, involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information. You will also find a detailed discussion about our risk factors in our filings with the SEC and, in particular, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 30, 2018. Before I turn it over to Greg, I also want to highlight that subsequent to the release of our financial results for the first quarter fiscal year 2019, we revised our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2018 and first quarter of fiscal 2019 unaudited financial information to reflect the adjustments related to the completion of our Audit Committee investigation, as well as the completion of the audit of our fiscal year 2018 financial statements. These adjustments included a deferral of revenue of $12 million, resulting from further management review of a transaction that was reviewed by the Audit Committee during the investigation; certain adjustments to stock-based compensation and certain other operating expense and income tax adjustments. Our Investor Relations website now reflects these adjustments in the revised earnings materials posted for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2018, as well as for the first quarter and second quarter fiscal year 2019. With that, let me now turn the call over to CEO Greg Clark. Greg?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Thank you for joining us, and good afternoon. For second quarter fiscal 2019, we posted operating results above or in-line with our guidance. Our top line results were driven by both our Enterprise Security business, which achieved revenues above guidance, and solid revenue performance from our Consumer Digital Safety business, which grew 5% year-over-year. We achieved operating margins of approximately 32%, 4 points above the high-end of our guidance range and we generated strong cash flow from operations of $240 million in the second quarter, up 36% year-over-year. We were pleased to announce the completion of our Audit Committee investigation on September 24. Audit Committee investigations can be a distraction, both internally and externally, and the conclusion of our investigation allows us to enter the second half of FY 2019 with a renewed focus on technology leadership and execution. Turning now to a discussion of Enterprise Security. As we enter the second half of fiscal 2019, I would point out that our fiscal third quarter and fourth quarters are seasonally the biggest quarters for our Enterprise Security business, illustrated by our delivery of over $1.7 billion in implied billings in the second half of FY 2018. The enterprise security sector is highly competitive. However, it is important to remember that our Enterprise Security business scale is unmatched in the industry. We have 86% of the Fortune Global 500 as customers. Our solution stops over 140 million threats every day. We operate 9 global threat response centers with over 3,800 researchers and engineers across Symantec. Our scale helps us create technology leadership that is recognized not only by customers, but also by third-party industry analysts. Industry experts rank Symantec as the leader in endpoint security, secure web gateway, data loss prevention, mobile threat management and managed security services. Our Enterprise Security customers are recognizing that our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform offers superior protection, cross-product integration, and lower overall cost of ownership. In the Cloud Generation, the cost of ownership for our customers is a significant budget increase to prior models. We believe we lead the industry in the lowest total cost of ownership, while delivering a more effective cyber defense solution. In the second quarter, Enterprise Security implied billings were down 3% year-over-year adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures as we continued to experience longer sales cycles in our large multi-product platform sales. Despite the challenges we experienced in the first half of the fiscal year, our pipeline remains healthy for the second half and we have sufficient sales capacity to capitalize on this opportunity. Symantec commands a substantial global installed base and we continue to realize adjacencies to our existing endpoint and network franchises as we execute on our cross-sell strategy. Enterprise Security customers are recognizing that the breadth of our platform is enabling them to consolidate vendors under better economics, while strengthening their cyber defense. Here are five customer examples from the second quarter. One of the nation's top 10 banks signed an eight-figure deal. This was a proxy expansion due to the customer's transition to the cloud. We were able to successfully provide consistent security policies across their environment in both an on-premise and cloud setting, enabling a direct-to-Internet experience. This customer example further validates our Integrated Cyber Defense strategy, where customers are trusting Symantec for adjacent products and services. In a seven-figure deal, an existing customer in the oil and gas industry in Latin America purchased our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform led by our proxy products. We displaced an incumbent security vendor cross-selling Symantec's Endpoint stack with our malware sandbox solution. In addition, the customer purchased DLP, ProxySG, CAS, Encryption, SSL, VIP, and cloud proxy. One of the world's largest real estate services and investment firms based in the U.S. competes in an industry where the salesforce is geographically dispersed. Data protection in this highly dispersed endpoint environment led the firm to displace their incumbent DLP vendor and adopt our DLP and CASB solutions to better manage controlled information in a highly dispersed workforce. A large multinational financial services company based in the U.S. was a former ProxySG customer. After a short experience using a competitor's cloud proxy solution, this customer decided to migrate back to Symantec solution due to our superior performance and product features. This customer understood the advantages of our platform approach and re-purchased our ProxySG and cloud proxy coupled with our integrated WAN optimization solution. After completing an eight-figure Integrated Cyber Defense Platform deal last year with a large multinational investment bank and financial services company in the UK, we closed a seven-figure follow-on deal with the same customer in Q2. In addition to their need for increased on-premise and cloud proxy capacity, the successful deployment and value realization of their fiscal 2018 purchase resulted in additional cross-sell opportunity. The customer purchased CASB, VIP, ProxySG, cloud proxy, Email and Advanced Threat Protection, displacing two incumbent vendors. This is another great example of the power of our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform to create cross-sell opportunities within our installed base. I'll now discuss some highlights in our Consumer Digital Safety business. Our integrated platform continues to drive ARPU growth year-over-year and sequentially. With Endpoint Protection, identity protection and privacy as the core tenets of our platform, we have seen our solution resonate with customers as they look to move beyond device security and protect all aspects of their cyber life. This platform strategy allows Symantec to transcend hardware refresh cycles and transform the traditional PC-centric Norton business to a Consumer Digital Safety category which brings enhanced value to our consumer customers. In summary, we are pleased with our performance in the second quarter. And as we enter the second half of the fiscal year, we expect to recapture momentum in our Enterprise Security business driven in part by our sales capacity and cyber defense leadership. We expect to see continued performance in our Consumer Digital Safety business, where both digital safety adoption and retention rates have grown. These factors provide us with a solid base for future renewals and cross-sell opportunities. Our platform approach and brand in both Enterprise Security and Consumer Digital Safety should enable us to leverage our unmatched scale to deliver results in the second half of FY 2019 and beyond. I'll be back with additional remarks, after Nick discusses our financial results in more detail and provides our outlook. Nick?
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: Thank you, Greg, and good afternoon, everyone. All references to financial metrics are non-GAAP, unless otherwise stated. Please note we've posted information on our financial metrics, other tables and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP measures, as well as currency impacts to our financial results, in our supplemental materials to our Investor Relations website. Starting in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, Symantec adopted the new revenue recognition accounting standard, ASC 606, under the modified retrospective transition method. Due to this adoption method we did not recast any historical financial information prior to fiscal year 2019. However, to help investors understand our performance relative to historic results, in fiscal year 2019 we are also providing select results as calculated under ASC 605 in our supplemental materials to our Investor Relations website. As a reminder, the first three quarters of fiscal year 2018 included results from our website security and related PKI products that we divested in Q3 fiscal year 2018. For comparative purposes, our organic growth rates are adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures. Now, Q2 results, total company revenue was above our guidance range, with year-over-year organic revenue growth in constant currency of 1%. At the end of the second quarter, contract liabilities of $2.762 billion were up 8% year-over-year adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures. This ending contract liabilities balance and year-over-year growth rate was negatively impacted by $182 million due to the impact of ASC 606. Operating margin for the second quarter was 31.7%. The year-over-year decline in operating margin is primarily attributable to the divestiture of our website security and related PKI products in Enterprise Security. Our effective tax rate for Q2 was 19%, compared to our guidance of approximately 19.6%. Fully diluted earnings per share was $0.42, above our guidance. We generated cash flow from operating activities in Q2 of $240 million versus $177 million in the year ago period, and Q2 CapEx was $51 million. We ended Q2 with approximately $2.4 billion in cash and short-term investments, with $1.7 billion held in the U.S. Now let's discuss our Q2 operating segment performance. First, Enterprise Security. Our Enterprise Security revenue was $583 million, above our guidance range due to a higher mix of sales yielding up-front revenue than we had forecasted. Enterprise Security contract liabilities were $1.733 billion, up 15% year-over-year adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures. This ending contract liabilities balance and year-over-year growth rate was negatively impacted by $193 million due to the impact of ASC 606. Our Q2 Enterprise Security implied billings were $583 million, down 3% year-over-year adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures, and generally in line with the expectations built into our guidance. In our Enterprise Security segment in the second quarter, approximately 81% of our revenue was ratable under ASC 606, as compared to 82% in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019. As we stated on our last earnings call, we plan to disclose contract duration for our ratable business in Enterprise Security on a quarterly basis for the remainder of fiscal year 2019. Please note this is an ASC 605 metric. Contract duration for our ratable business in Q2 was just under 17 months. This compares to approximately 16.5 months in Q1 and approximately 16.5 months in the year ago period. With respect to our performance obligations as of the end of Q2, consistent with Q1, we project approximately 65% of our total Enterprise Security performance obligations will be recognized as revenue over 12 months, approximately 88% over 24 months and approximately 98% over 36 months. Enterprise Security operating margins were 15%, as compared to 23% in the year ago period under ASC 605. The year-over-year decline was largely due to the website security and related PKI products divestiture. Turning to Consumer Digital Safety and our quarterly Digital Safety metrics. Our Consumer Digital Safety segment revenue was $601 million and reflected organic growth of 5% year-over-year in constant currency. Revenue was in-line with our guidance. In the second quarter, our average direct customer count was 20.6 million, down slightly from Q1. Direct ARPU increased to $8.80 per month, up slightly from Q1. We expect these direct customer statistics to represent approximately 90% of our revenue stream at any point in time. Finally, Consumer Digital Safety operating margin was 48%, compared to 47% in the year-ago period. Turning to our guidance, under ASC 606. Our guidance reflects our current view of the business. Our organic growth rates are adjusted for the website security and related PKI products divestiture. Based on Q2 ending FX rates, we are not forecasting a significant impact from foreign exchange on our revenue or operating income guidance for the rest of the year. Now for Q3. We are forecasting a Q3 fiscal year 2019 revenue range of $1.160 billion to $1.190 billion, comprised of $565 million to $585 million in Enterprise Security and $595 million to $605 million in Consumer Digital Safely. At the mid-point, our guidance, on an organic basis and in constant currency, implies a year-over-year 2% organic decline in revenue for the total company. In Enterprise Security, our guidance of a 4.5% organic decline reflects our first half implied billings performance and our expectations for the third quarter. We are forecasting 1% growth in Consumer Digital Safety, as we anniversary a strong quarter in the year-ago period, driven by the Equifax breach. We are forecasting operating margin in Q3 to be approximately 30%. We expect our effective tax rate in Q3 to be approximately 19.3% and our fully diluted share count to be approximately 654 million. Our Q3 fiscal year 2019 EPS forecast is in the range of $0.37 to $0.41. Now to our fiscal year 2019 guidance. We are reiterating our guidance for the full fiscal year 2019. We are forecasting fiscal year 2019 revenue in the range of $4.67 billion to $4.79 billion, comprised of $2.27 billion to $2.35 billion in Enterprise Security and $2.40 billion to $2.44 billion in Consumer Digital Safety. At the mid-point, on an organic basis and in constant currency, our guidance suggests flat revenue for the total company, a decline of 3% for Enterprise Security, and 3% growth for Consumer Digital Safety. We are forecasting operating margin in fiscal year 2019 to be approximately 30%. We expect our effective tax rate in fiscal year 2019 to be approximately 19.3% and our fully diluted share count to be approximately 660 million. We are forecasting EPS for fiscal year 2019 in the range of $1.47 to $1.57. We are forecasting cash flow from operations for fiscal year 2019 to be in the range of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion as compared to $950 million in fiscal year 2018. Now, capital allocation. We have consistently talked about our capital allocation strategy of balancing driving shareholder returns with managing financial risk and preserving our flexibility to pursue strategic options, including M&A. With the Audit Committee investigation now complete, our board of directors is actively evaluating the manner in which we implement this strategy in light of changing market conditions, such as the valuation of our stock, recent equity market volatility and rising interest rates. We intend to commence the execution of our capital allocation program after our board of directors completes its review. I will remind you that we currently have $800 million outstanding under an existing share repurchase authorization and $1.1 billion of term loans outstanding that are currently prepayable at par. Furthermore, we are continuing our regular quarterly dividend of $0.075 per share. Now turning to our fiscal year 2020 outlook. We expect that total company organic revenue will grow in the mid to high single digits year-over-year in fiscal year 2020. We expect Enterprise Security segment organic revenue will grow in the high single to low double-digits year-over-year. Our expectations are built on a combination of factors, including: one, the roll-off from existing contract liabilities, which has increased significantly year-over-year; two, our expectations for performance in the second half of fiscal year 2019; and three, the growth we expect in fiscal year 2020. And separately, we expect Consumer Digital Safety organic revenue will grow in the low to mid-single digits year-over-year. Our fiscal year 2020 outlook for total company operating margins is in the mid-30s. This operating margin outlook reflects expected revenue growth in both our Enterprise Security and Consumer Digital Safety segments, as well as the set of cost reduction actions we announced on our last earnings call. With operating margins in the mid-30s, we expect EPS growth in the low double digits and cash flow from operations growth at or above net income growth as we largely work through our restructuring, transition and transformation efforts in fiscal year 2019. Now let me turn the call back over to Greg for some closing remarks. Greg?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Thank you, Nick. While we achieved revenue above guidance in the second quarter, we are reiterating our view of our full-year fiscal year 2019 guidance as we maintain a cautious stance moving into the second half. In Enterprise Security, we are concerned about the momentum loss in the first half. And in our Consumer Digital Safety business, our direct customer counts in each Q1 and Q2 were slightly down both sequentially and year-over-year. On the positive side, we have a healthy pipeline in our Enterprise Security business, which is supported by the seasonality in the back half of this year. As I stated at the beginning of the call, in Q3 and Q4 of last year we demonstrated our ability to deliver industry-leading Enterprise Security billings results and expect to do so again this year. And in our Consumer Digital Safety business, we are seeing ARPU increases driven in part by successful cross-sell, as well as retention rate increases for our direct customer base. Looking forward, we remain focused on our strategy to drive growth, operating cash flow and value creation for our shareholders. Our growth strategy is underpinned by our ability to leverage our growing installed base to drive cross-sell and upsell opportunities, while expanding our customer base. Our laser focus on customers and our technology leadership enable Symantec to protect consumers and enterprises from an increasing threat environment. Our technology blocks over 140 million threats a day and protects over 300,000 businesses, and to date, has blocked over 5 billion WannaCry attacks. Our technology is critical for protecting our customers' identity, data, businesses and reputation. As we saw in the malware crisis of calendar 2017, customers don't have time to think about what to do when the malware attack happens. Catastrophic damage from attacks has been reported to take place in less than 7 minutes. We are pleased to deliver technology that directly addresses this risk. Prevention matters, and Symantec is a very effective platform for preventing cyber-attacks. Thank you very much for your time. Nick and I would be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Our first question is from the line of Gabriela Borges from Goldman Sachs.
Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. Greg, I wanted to follow up on your commentary on the longer sales cycles. I'm wondering if you saw any of the deals that took longer to close in 1Q actually end up closing in 2Q, did that activity actually come through, albeit taking a little bit longer? Did you see any change in close rates after the Audit Committee investigation was announced as being complete? And then the last part of the question is, how are you thinking about the risk that deals take longer to close in the pipeline for 2H given that there is some healthy pipeline areas you talked about? Thanks.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Yeah, good question. Good job on CNBC this morning as well, Gabriela. You did good there. We did close deals that had slipped out of Q1 and Q2. That's definitely the case. I do believe we're still cautious on the length of time it takes to close them. As you know, we announced the completion of our investigation on, I think it was September 24, the very end of September, which was five days before the end of the quarter. And we do have a healthy pipeline as we go into the back half of the year as we commented on in our prepared remarks. There is a good chunk of that pipeline that is large deals as exampled in the examples I gave you on the conference call. Those deals, because there are a lot of product sets involved, sometimes are taking longer and I believe it is just going to be more difficult to close these huge deals than it was prior times. They're more competed for, there's more pieces and it's bigger and they're a little bit more complex. And so we are planning, as we talked about I think in Q1 that we are planning a longer time for the pipeline to close. You're getting to the outlook, I think we do have the sales capacity in place and the pipeline in place to reach similar numbers like we delivered last year, and that's taking into consideration that longer sales cycle.
Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: That's helpful. Thank you. And the follow-up is on billings growth, which is I guess specifically for Nick. The revenue guidance for fiscal 2020, as you mentioned, a lot of that is coming off the balance sheet. How can we think about the right normalized growth rate for billings just given the volatility that we've seen over the last few quarters? Thank you.
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: Thanks, Gabriela. So couple of things and obviously as you know we don't give specific billings guidance, but let me walk you through a few pieces for FY 2020. So first of all in the scripted commentary, I talked about really three pieces to consider. Number one is what already exists as of this period of time and what exists as of the end of the second quarter. And there's a supplemental disclosure in terms of our performance obligation and the roll off of those performance obligations have become very important and you'll see that in our supplemental materials on page four. So first you're going to start with that. In addition, then you have the business in the back half of this fiscal year, which is included in our guidance, and which incorporates as Greg indicated the longer sales cycles that we're  that we talked about 90 days ago when we set the guidance for Enterprise, so those are two pieces. And then it's going to be our business and what we expect in FY 2020 for business. So when you think about those three pieces, we can calculate that high single to low double-digit Enterprise revenue growth off of one, the existing balance sheet and the roll off; two, what is in-period versus deferred in the second half of the year this year, and how that rolls through in FY 2020 into revenue; and then finally frankly a set of pretty low to moderate billings growth built into our FY 2020 assumptions. So there's three pieces there, but we have that ground down into the revenue outlook and the growth rate outlook for Enterprise that we've given for FY 2020.
Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Saket Kalia from Barclays.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, guys, thanks for taking my questions here. Greg, maybe just starting with you, we mentioned a couple of things on the call, like, strong pipeline, but can you talk about some other sales metrics qualitatively from the quarter, whether that's sales turnover or close rates or any other metrics that you look at outside of the financials? Obviously (30:29) Enterprise is pretty straightforward, but anything else that you look at that looked different this quarter versus prior quarters?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: So a couple of things come to mind. Saket, we do take a close watch on sales capacity. And so making sure that we have enough tenured sales capacity in our go-to-market function to back the amount of business that we need for the quarter. We have intolerance attrition in our sales force and our calculations on sales capacity are good for our forward guidance. So that is something that we really care about is what is the shape of our sales force right now. We're happy with that. And we couple that with what is the bottom's up view of our pipeline. We have a large sales force and we do look at the pipeline from a bottom's up point of view and we are happy with the amount of opportunity that's in our pipeline for the second half to back what's happening. I think the  as we mentioned before, we did see a slowdown in the close, the time to close took longer for our larger deals. We do have a reasonable amount of those in our pipeline and that's where the softness in the first half has come from. So we  looking forward, we do like also the seasonality of the business and then in our prepared remarks we talked about Q3 and Q4 being seasonally bigger quarters for us. I think that's underpinned by the end of the calendar year as a good time for Enterprise deals and also our fourth quarter, which is the first quarter of next calendar year is the beginning of the new budgets. And so we do see higher business levels in Q3 and Q4, which also give us some strength towards our guidance.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. That's very helpful. Nick, my follow-up maybe for you, in some of the customer examples that we talked about in the beginning there was a lot of talk about cloud proxy. I guess the question is can you talk about where we are in terms of leading with cloud proxy versus the appliance? And perhaps where you kind of think about the overall Enterprise business going from a ratable mix long-term?
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: Okay. So I'm going to bet that that cloud proxy point is going to be articulated much better by the guy across from me and that would be Greg. But we have talked about that ratable mix moving and obviously that moving over the course of the last year substantially. What you're going to look for and I think it's important before I hand it to Greg is to look at those supplemental materials in terms of how revenue is going to roll out in Enterprise. So as we talk about this mix of business transitioning and we gave you duration, which is the 605 metric for this year, we've talked about the fact that basically implied billings and duration and everything comes basically on top of one another. So your billings growth and your revenue growth are going to be the same ultimately. We're in that ratable transition. We're trying to give you a bunch of statistics around it and I hope those are helpful and I hope the supplemental materials are helpful. But on your question of cloud proxy, let me give it over to Greg.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Saket, good question. So we  in our Network Solution, we have a number of form factors for how to get it. Pure cloud proxy is an important one. We also have virtual appliance proxies and our hardware proxies. We offer our customers all three of those and most of our transactions included a substantial element of our cloud proxy even in the event where we are in the business of refreshing some hardware stacks that is still inside of an account. We usually are attacking a substantial amount of roaming users or branch offices to our cloud proxy and our pure cloud proxy sales are also substantial in our business these days. So we definitely see the cloud-based solution being an essential factor of most of our bids. And I think we got a very competitive offering in that space and have investment in it that is definitely in it to win it for the long term. That's a very important focus for our company.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it, very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Fatima Boolani from UBS.
Fatima Boolani - UBS Securities LLC: Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the questions. I have a category level question. So maybe just start with the Enterprise side. Nick, I was wondering if you could help delineate the Enterprise billings performance between new business versus renewal business, and if there's any dynamics there you can give us more context on? And then I've another follow-up on the Consumer business.
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: Sure. So we actually don't break out, Fatima, the new versus the renew in terms of the implied billings. We've given a good amount of information there in terms of the ASC 606 balances and obviously, the compare to ASC 605 and you're able to work through for those on the line, the total which was a minus 3 (36:03) versus even short-term for those who are interested in that. Suffice to say, we have a large installed base on the Enterprise side. Those are renewal machine, is a very important machine for us and one where we look at and we work through those pieces at all times and we feel very good about the work that team has done with the bringing together of the businesses between Symantec and Blue Coat. Because many times the first place everybody focuses on is the new side, but it's equally important to keep working on our installed base and our retention of our installed base so that team has been working very hard over the course of the last year and those renewal numbers are built into the overall implied billings.
Fatima Boolani - UBS Securities LLC: Fair enough. And just shifting to the Consumer side, can you talk about any levers or any programmatic initiative you have in place to help increase and expand ARPU from here? And to the extent you have any updates as it relates to the cross-sell progress you've seen with the LifeLock into your Norton base, that update would be really helpful for us? Thank you so much.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Good question. So we did report in our prepared remarks, we've had a slight decrease in members in the total number of members in the business but we also reported an increase in ARPU there and what that is driven from is, is from the cross-sell opportunity that we have. So when we did the acquisition of LifeLock, we had a case for that cross-sell and we're happy with the business case and that is working for us, so we do find that the conversion rate between a renewal whether it'd be LifeLock or Norton traditional folks as they look at these cyber safety offering, that we're offering now as a bundle where we have malware, privacy and identity protection in one thing, we are seeing a good purchasing of that bundle, which is driving an ARPU increase. And privacy is a very important topic in these times and we're seeing some very strong uptake of the obviously managed product in that cross-sell also.
Fatima Boolani - UBS Securities LLC: Appreciate the context. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley.
Keith Eric Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Excellent. Thank you, guys for taking the question. One for Greg and one for Nick. For Greg, maybe staying on the Consumer topic, if we look back at the sort of the ARPU increases that we're seeing last year, you guys have taken down some pretty good chunk, you're increasing $0.20, $0.30 quarter-on-quarter. This year it slowed down a little bit, I think it was $0.10 last quarter, $0.08 this quarter. Are we reaching any kind of saturation points in terms of your ability to upsell the broader digital safety solution into the base or do you feel comfortable that that's going to continue on progress? And then the one for Nick, the highlight this quarter was really, really strong operating margin performance. Was that programmatic? If I might like it did  was it purposeful to get like that much margin outperformance versus the guide? Or should we be thinking about perhaps some expenses that flowed from Q2 into future quarters, or is it  should we temper our expectations on a go-forward basis on that type of margin outperformance?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: So, let me take the first one and then I'll pass it on to Nick. So, Keith, we feel that our offering is resonating very well with our installed base and also with even net new, we still have a very strong acquisition budget in place in our Consumer business and we do see that offer of the combined set of offering is being very competitive and we are still happy with our conversion rates across that upsell. So, we got a long way to go of being able to grow our ARPU within our own customer base. I think we also have a renewed energy on partnerships in the world and making sure that we can go to market with other memberships. And I think we're going to look to the future also being able to get some more growth from partnering with other companies as we address their customer base. So, we like the ability to continue to grow our Consumer business for the long haul and we think that our cyber safety positioning is very strong, especially with the attention that's happening in the world today around consumer privacy and identity protection being a big piece of that. So, we think we've got a long way to go in that business.
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: Hi, Keith, so a couple of things I think on the margin side to keep in mind is just as much as we're focused on the growth of the business, we're focused on those margins. And I think we've been pretty specific about over the past, the costs we've taken out and the commitments we've made on costs as well as consistent in terms of how we talk about margins going forward. There will always be elements of costs that move from one quarter to another. I wouldn't call anything specific for this quarter versus prior. Obviously, we have a  versus the guidance a beat on revenue that we see the benefit of in terms of the margins recognized in Q2. So, as we look at the rest of the year, we're guiding for what we see in the business, we're guiding for what we see in the top line as well as in the cost base. And as we build in the restructuring, which we think is really full effect of which is a benefit to FY 2020, we'll talk about the benefits from that as well.
Keith Eric Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Excellent. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Michael Turtis (sic) [Michael Turits] from Raymond James.
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, guys. It's Michael Turits from Raymond James. Good evening. Can you talk about competition in the enterprise endpoint, how that's going and what you retention rates have been on renewal and if any change in those? And then I have one financial question.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Yes. So, I think the endpoint is a hotly contested environment. As we're all aware, in cyber defense there's a lot of start-up companies and heavily funded venture-backed organizations that are chipping away at it. We are pleased with our product effectiveness. We have been rated as the best, not just on the size of our business through ability to execute, but also in the vision side, we have also been rated the best by Gartner in the last period on endpoints. And we are very effective in the enterprise context around protecting against malware in the endpoint, whether it be through traditional signature-based detection and prevention technologies as well as our AI. Our AI has been extremely powerful in detecting and preventing cyberattacks and so we think we are competing well there. From a  question that you asked on our renewal rates, I think we've had some good wins in Endpoint that I talked about in some of the prepared remarks. We are taking accounts away from others and we're pleased with our renewal rates. I think if you look at some of the other bigger players in effectiveness of endpoint, we are a lot, lot better and so I believe that some of the growth we're seeing in the other start-up companies that are maybe executing reasonably well is coming out of other people's share.
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thanks, Greg. And then, Nick, I was wondering if you could just update us on the cash restructuring charges for this year and at least directionally what you expect into next year.
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: Sure. So, as you know, Michael, we give you a P&L look at the world, and I think the best way to look at that is actually in our supplemental materials as well as in our 8-K for the earnings release. So, in the supplemental materials for FY 2018, you're going to see a line called restructuring transition and other costs of $410 million. And then in addition to that in the reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP operating income and EPS that's attached to the 8-K, you're going to see an impact from restructuring transition and other costs of about $285 million. So that's just a calculation, okay? So, I think what you need to consider when we think about cash flow for the future is we have a reducing set of costs that show up in that P&L that will roll into cash. And what we've been saying and saying pretty consistently is that our restructuring and transition-type expenses are largely coming to a close in this fiscal year, which means that from a cash perspective we'll see the benefit of that roll off as we go into FY 2020. It's not going to be exact, because cash is always going to follow P&L by some set of days and months type of thing, but we expect to see a benefit from the completion of those restructuring transition types events in 2019 as we go into 2020.
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thanks very much, Nick.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Brad Zelnick from Credit Suisse.
Brad Alan Zelnick - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Fantastic. Thank you so much. Greg, forgive me if I missed it in the prepared remarks, but I don't believe I heard you mention anything about the U.S. federal market, especially having just completed the U.S. federal fiscal year. Can you maybe just talk a little bit about how you feel you performed, what you're seeing in that market and what the appetite is for which type of solutions from Symantec and in security more generally you're seeing?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Yes, so thanks for the question, Brad. I think we have a substantial footprint, U.S. federal government across both the defense sector and also the civilian side. So, we're very happy with our installed base in federal. I think federal was not an area for outperformance in the first half and a few factors to consider there. We did see an extension of the annual budget in the federal year-end to be granted a two-year budget and I think some pressure that used to exist in prior periods to spend everything in the September timeframe was alleviated this year. Going forward, we feel very good about our relevance in the federal government, our partnership with the federal government as not just in the United States, but also globally. And that I think we're well positioned to pick up some adjacencies in that market as we go forward.
Brad Alan Zelnick - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thanks very much, Greg. And just one quick one for Nick. Nick, I noticed you disclosed the breakdown of Consumer revenue in your recent 10-K filing. Can you give us a sense of how Identity Protection did in the quarter, especially as we think about lapping the Equifax breach?
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: So yeah there are tables that we do once a year in the disclosure in the 10-K that are related to Identity Protection and all of the pieces that you saw. So we won't have a disclosure that looks exactly like that in the quarter. Suffice it to say or for the quarter or for Q1 or for Q2 because both of those Qs are coming here. We hope shortly as we get back on file, those are annual tables, suffice it to say the Identity Protection side of our business continues to do quite well as Greg alluded to earlier and especially as we bring in the cross-sell and the other pieces of privacy et cetera, we feel good about the trajectory of the business. And the final part, I'd talk about there is we also had a pretty significant event occur a year ago in terms of the Equifax event and the amount of paying subscribers that came to our platforms than that are now built in. And we've seen very good retention from.
Brad Alan Zelnick - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Excellent. Nick, we look forward to seeing you soon.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Karl Keirstead from Deutsche Bank.
Karl E. Keirstead - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Two questions on Starboard's equity stake and new board seats. I guess the first one is, Symantec has had investors quite involved in the past. I'm just curious, as CEO, how you view this effort any differently? And then secondly, maybe a little bit more specific, and maybe Nick could weigh in. I obviously can't speak to their playbook, but assuming it's focused on margin improvement, do you think 40% operating margins are achievable over time for Symantec and assuming most of that will come from the Enterprise side, what do you view as the biggest potential margin improvement opportunities on the Enterprise side? Thank you.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: So, just to answer your first question, I think the directors that we added to our board are excellent executives and very experienced directors. So, we're very happy with the addition of the directors that came in from Starboard. So, I have nothing  there is no  nothing but accolades for the contribution that they make. They are very seasoned and experienced people. And also, Dale Fuller is as an example of someone who has deep domain experience, both in Consumer and Enterprise Security and Peter Feld and Rick Hill, I think their resume stand on their own. So, I think we feel that we have a very strong board. We have a very decent set of diverse points of view on our board and an excellent governance as you can see from our 10-Q.
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: And Karl, let me make a comment there in terms of your question on margins. As you heard in the scripted commentary, we have a significant focus on margins and we talked about our outlook for FY 2020 with total company operating margins in the mid-30s and certainly there is a set of margin growth there that comes from the Enterprise side. And as we look, by the way, at Enterprise and the impact of just the divestiture on the last year, it's something like 6 points or 7 points of margin quarter-over-quarter in terms of that impact. So, as we look to 2020 in that mid-30s operating margin, that is work we're doing. We've talked about the restructuring elements, we've talked about the top line elements and the leverage from top line. We've not gone further than that, in terms of talking about where margins may get to, but obviously we feel like we have a platform here between the two elements of business that has the opportunity for top line growth. We've talked about that, have the opportunity for continued leverage and earnings and cash flow benefits.
Karl E. Keirstead - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: All right. Okay. Terrific. Thank you both.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Shaul Eyal from Oppenheimer.
Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thank you. Hi, good afternoon, gentlemen. Quick question on some of the dynamics taking place  trying to differentiate between the U.S. and Europe. Greg, can you talk to us  you did mention, you did disclose couple of sizable transactions, but just wishing to understand better what is that that you seeing happening from a sales force perspective and also from a customer demand perspective? Thank you for that.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Yes. So, I think demand in Europe is strong. And if we look at the history of European performance, we are not seeing any slowdown in what's going on in cyber defense in Europe, I think I covered a substantial example in the prepared remarks that was European. Our European pipeline is in a great spot and we feel very positive about our ability to execute in Europe especially with the backdrop of cyber problems, the size of companies in Europe and our brand is extremely strong in all the major economies in the territory. So, I would go further to say that softness experienced in the first half has not been experienced in Europe.
Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Anything on the U.S.?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: So, as we think about the U.S., pipeline is very strong. We have a business case that can't be ignored when we have the best  arguably the best product in the category and three of those products need to be integrated together. We go into a customer with an integrated set of things that they would have to buy individually and integrate themselves. That value proposition, both from a Cyber Defense effectiveness point of view and a total cost of sustainment, which is the long-haul in cloud is a very strong business case in the United States. We have a very healthy pipeline and the slowdown that we saw in the first half is  in the majority in the U.S.
Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: And our last question is from the line of Ken Talanian from Evercore ISI.
Fenn Hoffman - Evercore Group LLC: Hi, this is Fenn Hoffman on for Ken. Thanks for the questions. Could you just talk a little bit about what success you're seeing with upselling ATP on SEP renewals?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Yes. So, that's a good question for folks on the line. ATP is a very powerful advanced threat platform that works well with all of the Symantec portfolio, but it's extremely powerful as an EDR element for Endpoint. That has been a great success story for us. We have a very strong attach ATP to the Symantec Endpoint installed base.
Fenn Hoffman - Evercore Group LLC: Okay, great. And, could you give us a sense for how much visibility you have into the pipeline of hardware-based Secure Web Gateways?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: So, how much visibility we have into the pipeline, I'd say, visibility of our hardware installed base is very good. We can see them, they get signatures and virus and bad website definitions from us all the time. So, we know where they are and we like our situation in our hardware footprint. As we move forward, we have offered our customers a very easy path to migrate from that footprint to pure cloud. And many of them take us up on that and quite a few of them enjoy a hybrid environment where they have some of that and some cloud as we talked about before. But we are pleased with our network attach. If you look at the five examples that I gave in the prepared remarks, you'll see some pretty substantial network proxy footprint in those examples.
Fenn Hoffman - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And I'm showing at this time, we have no further questions. I'll now turn it back to Cynthia for closing remarks.
Cynthia Hiponia - Symantec Corp.: Thank you, everyone, for joining us this afternoon and we look forward to updating you again on our next call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. We thank you greatly for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2018-08-02 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Cynthia Hiponia - Symantec Corp. Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp. Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.
Analysts: Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc. Melissa Franchi - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Philip Winslow - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Fatima Boolani - UBS Securities LLC Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Brad Alan Zelnick - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Amani, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Symantec Corporation's first quarter fiscal year 2019 conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn today's conference over to Ms. Cynthia Hiponia. The floor is yours.
Cynthia Hiponia - Symantec Corp.: Good afternoon. I'm Cynthia Hiponia, Vice President of Investor Relations at Symantec, and I am pleased to welcome you to our call to discuss our first quarter fiscal year 2019 earnings results. We've posted the earnings materials and prepared remarks to our Investor Relations web page. Speakers on today's call are Greg Clark, Symantec's CEO; and Nick Noviello, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call will be available for replay via webcast on our website. I'd like to remind everyone that all references to financial metrics are non-GAAP, unless otherwise stated. Please refer to the supplemental table posted on the Investor Relations website for further definitions of our non-GAAP metric. Additionally, in the first quarter the company adopted a new accounting standard ASC 606 under modified retrospective transition method. We have included a presentation on our IR website which details the specific impact of ASC 606 to our financial results and key metrics. Please note, non-GAAP financial measures referenced during this call are reconciled to their comparable GAAP financial measures in the press release and supplemental materials posted to the website. We believe our presentation of non-GAAP financial measures, when taken together with corresponding GAAP financial measures provide meaningful supplemental information regarding our operating performance for reasons discussed below. Our management team uses those non-GAAP financial measures in assessing our operating results, as well as when planning, forecasting and annualizing future periods. We believe our non-GAAP financial measures also facilitate comparisons of our performance to prior periods and that investors benefit from understanding of the non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures are supplemental and should not be considered a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Today's call contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current date and, as such, involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information. You will also find a detailed discussion on our risk factors in our filings with the SEC and, in particular, on our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017. Mentioned in the company's press release and as previously disclosed, Symantec's Audit Committee is conducting an internal investigation in connection with concerns raised by a former employee regarding the company's public disclosures, including commentary on historical financial results, its reporting of certain non-GAAP measures, including those that could impact executive compensation programs, certain forward-looking statements, stock trading plans, and retaliation. The investigation is ongoing. The company's financial results and guidance may be subject to change based on the outcome of the Audit Committee investigation. At this time, the company does not anticipate a material adverse impact on its historical financial statements for the third quarter of fiscal year 2018 and prior. Our fourth quarter of fiscal year 2018 and subsequent periods remain open periods from an accounting perspective, subject to adjustment for material updates. Please note, because this is an ongoing matter, there isn't any additional detail regarding the investigation that we can share beyond what has just been provided, so we ask that you focus your questions at the end of the prepared remarks on the business, including our financial results and outlook. Before I turn it over to Greg, I want to highlight that subsequent to the release of our financial results for the fourth quarter fiscal 2018, we have continued to update our analysis and refine our calculations of the effects of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Due to the ongoing Audit Committee investigation, we have not yet filed our Form 10-K for fiscal year 2018, and our fourth quarter of fiscal year 2018 and subsequent periods remain open periods from an accounting perspective, subject to adjustment for material updates. As a result, we have updated our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2018 GAAP provisional transition tax expense and have therefore updated our financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2018 in our earnings materials posted to our Investor Relations website. The computation of the one-time tax on the earnings of our foreign subsidiaries as well as our net deferred tax liability and other aspects of the Act is based on our current understanding and assumptions regarding the impact of the Act and may continue to change as additional clarification and implementation guidance is issued and as the interpretation of the Act evolves over time. This adjustment is solely related to the provisional impacts of the Act and is unrelated to the ongoing Audit Committee investigation. With that, let me now turn the call over to CEO Greg Clark. Greg?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Thank you for joining us and good afternoon. For our first quarter, we posted results that were at the high end of our revenue and EPS guidance. We also generated solid cash flow from operations of $334 million, up from $213 million in the first quarter of our fiscal year 2018. Our Consumer Digital Safety strategy continues to drive ARPU growth year over year, and we achieved 6% year-over-year organic revenue growth. In Enterprise Security, our Integrated Cyber Defense platform continues to gain traction with customers. We continue to close a large number of enterprise deals with multiproduct platform sales. In spite of this, in the first quarter we experienced a shortfall in Enterprise Security implied billings, which declined $111 million, or 20% year over year, adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures, and was below our expectations of a flat year over year comparison. Given the underperformance in this area, I will begin my remarks addressing this issue. While the strength of pipeline in Enterprise Security in Q1 was consistent with our expectations, we experienced a number of deals that did not close as expected. These longer sales cycles were primarily due to pipeline management in North America, with business generally on plan in EMEA and APAC. As this first quarter implied billings miss will have an impact on the full year, we are taking a prudent approach to fiscal 2019 guidance. We believe we have the right sales capacity in Enterprise Security to deliver on these fiscal 2019 targets, proven by the level of business we achieved in both the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2018. Nick will be providing a detailed discussion on guidance and I will address the forecast further in my concluding remarks. We believe that Symantec is well positioned to execute against the opportunity in the cyber defense market. We continue to have confidence in the competitive positioning of our solutions in the market. Customers are consolidating around our platform to take advantage of the superior protection, cross-product integration, and lower overall cost of ownership. The cloud transition is well underway, and we are pleased with the adoption of our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform and the expansion of our customers' use of our cloud-based services. Specifically, we see great potential for customer adoption of additional services by directly enabling both proof of concepts and deployments through the ability to connect to our cloud directly from our large Symantec Endpoint Protection, SEP, installed based. The removal of friction for easy cloud adoption is expected to benefit our entire cloud security stack, including Cloud Proxy, CASB, and Data Protection, as well as multi-factor authentication. This ease of adoption coupled with our existing large installed based provides us with a unique advantage in the marketplace. Last quarter, I discussed how pleased we were with the adoption of our cloud-based Network and Web Security products. A customer example of this in the first quarter was a seven figure deal with one of the top 10 banks in North America. This was a follow-on new order from an eight figure deployment in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2018. The customer originally brought us in as they struggled with an overly complex and expensive security architecture. After purchasing many elements of our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform in Q4, we closed a significant follow-on new opportunity with this customer in Q1 to purchase our cloud stack, including our Cloud Proxy, Cloud Access Security Broker, and cloud e-mail offerings. Another deal we closed in the first quarter was with a large multinational U.S.-based food and beverage company, which extended its deployment of our on-premise security stack to also include our Cloud Proxy for their entire user base of approximately 100,000 users. This customer cited our hybrid architecture as a key differentiator for electing to deploy our Cloud Proxy solution instead of the solution sold by a cloud-only competitor. In the first quarter, we greatly expanded our footprint with an existing customer, a major U.S. airline, which previously had only a modest installed base of SEP. In this seven-figure deal, this customer chose our hybrid architecture, specifically on-prem data loss prevention with CASB, to protect their Office 365 infrastructure. Also in the first quarter, in an eight-figure win in our Asia-Pacific region, a government agency with over 20,000 employees chose to adopt Symantec's Integrated Cyber Defense Platform with DLP, Encryption, SEP, and our Validation and ID Protection VIP solutions, among others. This customer previously refreshed its Blue Coat on-prem proxies in fiscal year 2018. And in the follow-on new deal in Q1, we cross-sold them the additional solutions in our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform. This is a great example of our ability to cross-sell into our installed base. Turning to Consumer Digital Safety, the core tenets of our Consumer Digital Safety strategy of endpoint protection, identity protection, and privacy continue to be top of mind in the consumer population. We believe that our integrated approach is a better proposition for customers than the malware-centric security tools our competitors offer. In the first quarter, our Consumer Digital Safety ARPU continued to grow slightly quarter over quarter, continuing the sequential trends we saw throughout fiscal year 2018. We believe consumers are seeing the value in our bundled offerings, which offer protection across device, information and identity. In summary, while we had mixed results in the first quarter, we are focused on the areas of underperformance. We continue to believe that we have a tenured sales capacity to deliver Enterprise Security business at levels we demonstrated in the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2018. We believe that our tenured sales force, combined with investments in sales capacity, and the building out of our go-to-market engine in the mid-market, and enhancements to our Service Providers and global channel programs position us well for fiscal year 2020 and beyond. I will be back with additional remarks after Nick discusses our financial results in more detail and provides our outlook. Nick?
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: Thank you Greg and good afternoon everyone. All references to financial metrics are non-GAAP, unless otherwise stated. Please note we've posted information on our financial metrics, other tables and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP measures, as well as currency impacts to our financial results, in our supplemental materials to our investor relations website. Starting in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, Symantec adopted the new revenue recognition accounting standard, ASC 606, under the modified retrospective transition method. Due to this adoption method we did not recast any historical financial information. However, to help investors understand our performance relative to historical results and prior guidance, which we provided in ASC 605, in fiscal year 2019 we will also provide select results as calculated under ASC 605. As Cynthia discussed in her introductory comments, we have not yet filed our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2018, and therefore our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2018 remain open periods from an accounting perspective, subject to adjustments for material updates. We have updated our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2018 GAAP provisional transition tax expense, resulting in a $15 million increase to our tax provision and a corresponding impact on long-term taxes payable and income taxes receivable. A more fulsome explanation of this increase and the updated financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2018 can be found in our earnings materials on our IR website, as well as in these first quarter fiscal year 2019 earnings materials. As a reminder, the first three quarters of fiscal year 2018 included results from our website security and related PKI products that we divested in Q3 fiscal year 2018. For comparative purposes, our organic growth rates are adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures. Now, Q1 results: Total company revenue was at the high end of the guidance range, with year-over-year organic revenue growth in constant currency at 2%. In Q1, the adoption of ASC 606 had a $5 million benefit to revenue, all of which related to the Enterprise Security segment. With the adoption of ASC 606, what was previously called deferred revenue on our balance sheet is now called contract liabilities. Our opening balance sheet for Q1 fiscal year 2019 was impacted by the adoption of ASC 606 with an increase of $49 million in deferred commissions and a decrease of $157 million in contract liabilities. For more detail on contract liabilities, please see the presentation on Symantec's adoption of ASC 606 on our investor relations website. At the end of the first quarter, contract liabilities of $2.785 billion were up 9% year-over-year, adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures. This ending contract liabilities balance and year-over-year growth rate was negatively impacted by $171 million due to the impact of ASC 606 as of the end of the quarter. Operating margin for the first quarter was 28.1%, and reflected a $5 million increase in revenue and a $9 million decrease in commission expense related to the impact of ASC 606. Under ASC 605, total company operating margin in Q1 was 27%, compared to 30.7% in Q1 fiscal year 2018 and was in-line with our guidance. The year-over-year decline in operating margin is primarily attributable to the divestiture of website security and related PKI products in Enterprise Security. Our effective tax rate for Q1 was 19.6%, compared to our guidance of 20.4%, as a result of a tax credit, which we will be able to utilize in fiscal year 2019. Fully diluted earnings per share was $0.34. In Q1, the impact of ASC 606 had a $0.01 benefit to EPS, which was offset by a $0.01 impact from costs associated with the Audit Committee investigation. Fully diluted earnings per share under ASC 605 was $0.33, in-line with our guidance. We generated cash flow from operating activities in Q1 of $334 million vs. $213 million in the year-ago period, and Q1 CapEx was $44 million. Though we did not pay down debt or buy back stock over the course of Q1, we completed our repatriation of just over $1 billion of international cash. We ended Q1 with approximately $2.3 billion in cash and short-term investments, with $1.6 billion held in the U.S. Now let's discuss our Q1 operating segment performance. First, Enterprise Security; our Enterprise Security revenue was $565 million. In Q1, the impact of ASC 606 had a $5 million benefit to Enterprise Security revenue. Enterprise Security revenue under ASC 605 was above our guidance range, despite the decline in our implied billings that Greg discussed, due to a higher mix of sales yielding up front revenue than we had forecasted. Enterprise Security contract liabilities were $1.732 billion, up 15% year-over-year adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures. This ending contract liabilities balance was negatively impacted by $179 million due to the impact of ASC 606 as of the end of the quarter. Our Q1 Enterprise Security implied billings were $453 million, down 20% year-over-year adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures. As Greg discussed, our implied billings were negatively impacted by the longer sales cycles we experienced in the first quarter. Under ASC 606, we will now be reporting our percentage ratable revenue each quarter, and we are including supplemental disclosure relating to it and the revenue waterfall of remaining performance obligations. As a result of reporting percentage ratable revenue, we will no longer be providing information on the percentage ratable business, meaning bookings, in a quarter. In our Enterprise Security segment in the first quarter, approximately 82% of our revenue was ratable under ASC 606. To better understand the trend in ratability on a comparative basis, we will also provide you with percentage ratable revenue under ASC 605 for fiscal year 2019 on a quarterly basis. In Q1 of fiscal year 2019, under ASC 605, approximately 89% of our revenue was ratable. Seasonally, Q1 has the highest percentage ratable revenue mix in the year, impacted by the opening balance sheet, some amount of amortization of ratable bookings sold in Q1 and relatively fewer large deals with upfront revenue compared to Q4. This is a trend we saw under ASC 605 in both Q1 of fiscal year 2018 and 2019, and we believe this seasonality will also occur under ASC 606. As we stated on our last earnings call, we plan to give you contract duration on a quarterly basis in fiscal year 2019. Please note this is an ASC 605 metric. Contract duration for our ratable business in Q1 was approximately 16.5 months, shorter than we had anticipated. This compares to approximately 18.5 months in the prior quarter and approximately 15.5 months in the year-ago period. Last quarter, under ASC 605, we provided a high level indicator of the waterfall of ending deferred revenue. With the implementation of ASC 606, we are now providing a forecasted revenue waterfall of remaining performance obligations as required under the new accounting standard. Performance obligations include both contract liabilities and unbilled customer contractual obligations, and we provide it by business segment. With respect to our performance obligations as of the end of Q1, we project approximately 65% of our total Enterprise Security performance obligations will be recognized as revenue over 12 months, approximately 88% over 24 months and approximately 98% over 36 months. Enterprise Security operating margins were 11.3%. Under ASC 605, operating margins were 8.9% as compared to 17.5% in the year-ago period. The year-over-year decline under ASC 605 was due to a combination of the website security and related PKI products divestiture, lower revenues, increased investment in sales capacity, and higher commissions expense. Turning to Consumer Digital Safety, our Consumer Digital Safety segment revenue was $600 million and reflected organic growth of 6% year over year in constant currency. The adoption of ASC 606 did not have an impact to revenue in this segment. Revenue was in line with our guidance. Let me turn to our quarterly Consumer Digital Safety metrics. In the first quarter, our direct customer count was 20.7 million, down slightly from Q4. Direct ARPU increased to $8.72 per month, up slightly from Q4. We expect these direct customer statistics to represent approximately 90% of our revenue stream at any point in time. Finally, Consumer Digital Safety operating margin was 43.8% compared to 46.5% in the year-ago period. The year-over-year decline is due to increased product development costs and allocated corporate costs. Turning to our Q2 and fiscal year 2019 outlook and guidance, we have updated our guidance to reflect our current view of the business, FX headwinds, and ASC 606. Our organic growth rates are adjusted for the Website Security and related PKI products divestiture. As Greg discussed in his remarks, in Enterprise Security, while customer demand for our solutions remains solid, we expect revenue in Q2 and the rest of the fiscal year to be negatively impacted by Q1 implied billings and a potential continuation of the longer sales cycles we experienced last quarter. As a result, we will no longer expect enterprise revenue growth of mid to high single digits exiting fiscal year 2019. Based on Q1 ending FX rates, FX headwinds of approximately $70 million have been factored into our revenue guidance and are partially offset by approximately $35 million of FX tailwinds on costs. Our guidance is under ASC 606, and we will continue to report the impact of the accounting change from ASC 605 on key financial metrics each quarter of fiscal year 2019. We are forecasting a Q2 fiscal year 2019 revenue range of $1.130 billion to $1.160 billion, comprised of $535 million to $555 million in Enterprise Security and $595 million to $605 million in Consumer Digital Safely. At the midpoint, our guidance on an organic basis and in constant currency under ASC 606 suggests a year-over-year 3% organic decline in revenue for the total company, a 9% organic decline in Enterprise Security, and 4% growth in Consumer Digital Safety. We are forecasting operating margin in Q2 to be in the range of 26% to 28%. Our Q2 fiscal year 2019 EPS forecast is in the range of $0.31 to $0.35. Now to fiscal year 2019, we are forecasting fiscal year 2019 revenue in the range of $4.67 billion to $4.79 billion, comprised of $2.27 billion to $2.35 billion in Enterprise Security and $2.40 billion to $2.44 billion in Consumer Digital Safety. At the midpoint, on an organic basis and in constant currency under ASC 606, our guidance suggests flat revenue for the total company, a decline of 3% for Enterprise Security, and 3% growth for Consumer Digital Safety. We are forecasting operating margin in fiscal year 2019 to be approximately 30% versus our prior operating margin range of 30% to 32%. We expect our effective tax rate in fiscal year 2019 to be approximately 19.6% and fully diluted share count of approximately 667 million shares. We are forecasting EPS for fiscal year 2019 in the range of $1.47 to $1.57, lower than our prior guidance range, reflecting lower business expectations for Enterprise Security, FX headwinds, and a benefit from ASC 606 and the lower effective tax rate. We are forecasting cash flow from operations for fiscal year 2019 to be in the range of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion as compared to $950 million in fiscal year 2018. Turning to capital allocation, our strategy continues to be to balance driving shareholder returns with managing financial risk and preserving our flexibility to pursue strategic options, including M&A. We paused our capital allocation after commencement of the Audit Committee investigation and currently do not have plans to prepay debt or repurchase shares prior to its completion. As a reminder, we have $800 million outstanding under an existing share repurchase authorization and $1.1 billion of term loans outstanding that are currently pre-payable at par. We plan to continue our regular quarterly dividend of $0.075 per share. Now, for our fiscal year 2020 outlook, we have updated our outlook to reflect our updated view on the business, our current expectations for fiscal year 2019, and expected revenue waterfall of remaining performance obligations at the end of fiscal year 2019. We continue to expect that total company organic revenue will grow in the mid to high single digits year over year in fiscal 2020. We continue to expect Enterprise Security segment organic revenue will grow in the high single to low double digits year over year, and Consumer Digital Safety organic revenue will grow in the low to mid-single digits year over year. In fiscal year 2020, our outlook for total company operating margins is in the mid-30s. This fiscal year 2020 operating margin outlook reflects expected revenue growth in both our Enterprise Security and Consumer Digital Safety segments as well as a set of cost reduction actions we will take during the remainder of fiscal year 2019. As part of these actions, our board has approved approximately $50 million of restructuring costs in connection with a plan to reduce company global head count by up to approximately 8%. We expect that these actions will partially benefit fiscal year 2019 operating margins and will have full effect for fiscal year 2020. On prior calls, we have discussed our achievements in executing cost reductions and integration cost synergies. However, we have also spoken about stranded costs that remain after the website security and PKI divestiture, and continued opportunities for efficiency across the business. We are now actioning initiatives to address these costs. With operating margins in the mid-30s, we expect EPS growth in the low-double-digits, cash flow from operations growth at or above net income growth, and deleveraging of our balance sheet. Let me now turn the call back over to Greg for some closing remarks.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Thank you, Nick. As discussed, we believe that our update to full-year 2019 guidance is prudent and reflects Q1 implied billings and the longer sales cycles in our larger multi-product platform sales. We are focused on delivering on the guidance we have provided for fiscal year 2019. This includes looking for ways to operate more efficiently. After completing our original cost reduction and integration synergy plans, we continue to look at areas to drive further cost efficiencies. As we are targeting company and Enterprise Security operating margin expansion in fiscal year 2020, we are taking a set of cost actions in fiscal year 2019. The fundamental drivers for our Enterprise Security business are intact. Our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform is driving significant cross-sell and up-sell opportunities as Enterprise customers design us into their security architectures. We have leading products in cloud generation security including in Endpoint Protection, Data Protection, CASB and email solutions. We believe we are positioned to capitalize on the growing trend of vendor consolidation in the cyber security market. And additionally, we believe the investments we are making in our go-to-market programs in Enterprise Security in fiscal year 2019 will drive growth in fiscal year 2020 and beyond. Thank you for joining us this afternoon and we would be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you And we have our first question from the line of Gabriela Borges with Goldman Sachs.
Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. My questions are on the Enterprise billings and the pipeline. For Greg, you've been going to market now with the combined Symantec and Blue Coat portfolio for a few quarters. What do you think it was about this quarter that catalyzed the elongating sales cycles? And what are the changes you made to the sales force coming into the year that you think might have contributed?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Yeah, thanks. I think the fundamentals of it is that we are involved in larger more complex platform deals with our Enterprise customers and did a size of these transactions that generally require a little ore approval cycle. And as a result we believe our sales cycles, these types of deals are getting longer. And that's also in general, a majority of our business closes in the last three weeks of the quarter. And while we've seen this trend in larger deals for some time, it was more pronounced in Q1 and more broadly. And we think it will continue. And as such we have reflected that in our forward comments. I think that's pretty much it.
Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: With the performance in 1Q are you contemplating making incremental changes to the go-to-market? And then for Nick for the forecast what are you embedding in terms of the sales cycle? Are you embedding elongation? Are you embedding stabilization? That commentary would be helpful too. Thank you.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Yeah. Nick, why don't you take that one?
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: Yeah. So, Gabriela, thanks for the question. So, when we look at Q1 we're looking at what did we expect in ratable business? What did we expect in duration, et cetera? In terms of the results here we have, in essence, built this expectation of elongated cycles in until we see something else. So that's how we've looked at our guide. That's how we thought about or how we're thinking about implied billings for the year. But at the same time, how we're in essence reiterating or rebuilding our view on our FY 2020 outlook.
Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Saket Kalia with Barclays Capital.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions here. First, maybe for you Nick, a question on just some of the Enterprise billings math; I think you said that the duration was down about two months sequentially. Can you just talk about how that compare to your expectation coming into the quarter and if you had to parse out how much of the shortfall perhaps came from duration versus the longer sales cycles? Even if you have to do qualitatively, how do you think about that?
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: Thanks Saket. So let me maybe first recap on the expectations coming into Q1. So I'm going to dial back to May and where we expected that we would be on an increasing contract duration across the year including Q1 where we indicated that we would have a continued shift to ratable business and in fact talked about a pretty meaningful shift expected for Q1. We referenced that Q4 alone was over 80% ratable. And then we expected the implied billings growth rate to improve over the course of the year. And where we are today, if I were to kind of reconcile that to today, the duration in Q1 was 16.5 months versus 15.5 months in Q1 a year-ago and it was 18.5 months in Q4. So obviously, shorter duration and shorter duration than we had expected in our original view that we would have increasing contract duration from that Q4 number. Some of that's mix of business. That's just going to be mix of business and less transactions, less of those larger cross-sell transactions at the end of the quarter changes the mix between what was new big cross-sell longer term 36 months term as we talked about type of transactions versus renewals as an example, which is generally one-year type of transactions. So that's going to be in the math here. And so you have to think about Q1 as a combination of duration's piece, but the percent ratable business is a piece. So we expected it was going to be well over the 80% range, it was not. So that's going to roll into the mix as well in Q1. And then finally the implied billings that we've talked about that impacts revenue for the rest of the year. So I've kind of given you maybe a full reconciliation of a set of things trying to go back to May versus today on duration. And certainly ratable business, which is a bookings concept, which is an ASC 605 concept, but that's probably the best way to give you a perspective on the quarter.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: So I can maybe add just a little bit more on that, it's Greg here. We did have a slip of business in the quarter, which we talk about and the ratio between the renewal business and the new business is important in the quarter duration calculation. Maintenance business is in the majority a shorter duration as we talked about. But I'd like to give you some color on the quantity of the effect of the Q1 billings message which will help you. The billings  sounds large in the context of the full year. It is regrettable but manageable and here are some insights. Last year the implied billings was $2.9 billion excluding the WSS/PKI business that we divested to DigiCert and in this context, the $110 million decrease from the prior year in Q1 is approximately 3.8% of the fiscal year 2018 full year implied billings number. Translating that into revenue the missing Q1 billings represents approximately $60 million of revenue in FY 2019 that comes off the deferred waterfall. So the $110 million is a number that we're not at all happy with but we think that we have more opportunity based on the sales capacity and expect that we can execute better in the future quarters. I just want to make sure we will cover some of the context in the quantity of what was slipped in Q1. And the majority of that slip would be new deals as Nick mentioned, which would have a longer contract duration and therefore  the 16-month duration that we expected had we have closed those transactions would be a longer duration.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That's actually very helpful context. Maybe a quick follow-up for you Greg perhaps a little more qualitative. Can you talk about the Enterprise business from a product perspective? I know that we're doing a lot more in terms of multi-product deals. And so maybe it's harder to parse out. But were the longer cycles focused in any particular area whether it'd be web security or corporate endpoint or was this something a little bit more across the board?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: So I do think it was more broad based, but let me give you some comments. We still see a very healthy outlook on our web security stack and that's where our Cloud Access Broker, Cloud Proxies, our Data Protection that's helping clean up compliance problems at existing cloud applications. That is a very strong business segment for us. And we compete very well there. There are a lot of  a lot of business comes to market in a point solution fashion. People looking for Cloud Access, broker that are looking for Cloud Proxy. They're looking for an Endpoint EDR solution but takes us  we compete very well there. As you know we lead the market in Endpoint. Gartner rated us as number one on both vision and execution in the recent Magic Quadrant. Our Cloud Access partners are arguably leading in the market. So we have very good point solution products but when we get in there and we talk to customers about purchasing these things pre-integrated, we're displacing multiple products and that can take longer. And so we do what we do experience longer sales cycles than we expected. And in addition, keep in mind that the majority of our high-end Enterprise business closes in the last three weeks of the quarter. So that's some more color there. So we do have  I think we have excellent products in a point solution fashion. We have extremely powerful value propositions when they are integrated but when they are integrated the sales cycle is much longer.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Melissa Franchi - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. This is Melissa Franchi calling in for Keith. Thanks for taking my question. Greg, I just wanted to follow up on the sales force issues in this quarter. You talked about pipeline management, so I'm just wondering what gives you confidence that it's not maybe more demand-driven or the results have any sort of competitive factors?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Yeah. No, thank you for the question Melissa. I think we've taken a good look at the business that we're expecting to close that moved out of the quarter and we have closed a number of those transactions since the end of the quarter. And we do feel that our competitive stance in the market is still very viable.
Melissa Franchi - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, got it. And I recognize you're not saying anything on the audit investigation. But I'm just wondering if you saw any sort of negative customer reaction this quarter just around the headlines, and if that was maybe potentially impacting results?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Again as you know, we can't comment on the investigation. I would say that Q1 had some negative press in the market during the quarter.
Melissa Franchi - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Philip Winslow with Wells Fargo.
Philip Winslow - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hey, thanks guys for taking my question. I just wanted to hone in on the competitive trends there. Wonder if you could comment on what just you're seeing on renewal rates when you think about  on the Enterprise side from a maintenance perspective whether it be on the traditional Symantec side or on Blue Coat. And then similarly, when you think about win rates in terms of new business, anything that you would flag there once again, whether it be on the Endpoint or at the Gateway side?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: So I think as we look at our maintenance opportunity that we look at it in a way into the quarter and how we've come out. In the past quarters that has been where we expected it to be within some small variances. So I don't feel we have a renewal problem in our forecast. Going to win rates, I think we compete very well in a lot of what I would consider the open wallet right now. As people are trying to get their cloud application use under compliance, they know where the PII is. They know all the issues they have to deal with to handle GDPR and all this kind of stuff. We are doing well in that area. And I think if you take a look at the quantity of business that was delivered in Q3 and Q4, a good chunk of it is in those adjacencies to many of our traditional products that are really driving into that cloud are, so we feel good about that. On Endpoint, I think we have, as I mentioned, SEP 14.1 closed a bunch of the EDI gaps in the Endpoint market, and we were very proud of our results in the Gartner Magic Quadrant, which came out earlier this year, and we were the leader in that analysis. And I think that has been well received. And so I think we characterized the miss in Q1, and I think correctly, as a slip of business, not a meltdown from a competitive loss situation.
Philip Winslow - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: All right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Fatima Boolani with UBS.
Fatima Boolani - UBS Securities LLC: Good evening. Thank you taking the questions. Nick, just around some of your comments on the restructuring efforts that will come into play this year and then moving into fiscal 2020, I'd like to understand what specific areas you can extract incremental efficiencies from while at the same time reinvesting to help the business accelerate on the top line. And then a follow-up for Greg if I may.
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: Sure. Hi, Fatima. So a couple of things for you, and I think it's probably important to walk through. So first of all, I would look at this as separate and distinct from the set of cost savings and integration cost savings that have happened over the last couple of years. We feel very good about the progress that was made and the completion of those. And we talked about those on last  probably Q2 last year in terms of really bringing those to conclusion. We also indicated though when we announced the transaction on website security PKI that we were going to have a set of remaining stranded costs here and indicated that as we came out of the period of supporting over 100 TSAs, we were going to have to address those stranded costs. And I give that to you as an example of what we're looking at. So this is a combination of, there are areas here where we can focus the business frankly for better return on a set of things, but there's also a set of stranded and other costs that we think are absolutely appropriate to be going after. The net of it all is when we talk about mid-30s margin in fiscal year 2020, we are being proactive and taking proactive steps, not only in terms of setting up the top line of the business, but also the cost structure to achieve those target.
Fatima Boolani - UBS Securities LLC: Fair enough, thank you, and a question for you Greg. You were very explicit that the elongation in sales cycles was more of a North American phenomenon. And it seems like it was experiencing the more negative disproportionate impact. I'm curious if you can delineate between your rest of world sales organizations and how we should think about potential read-through to other regional sales organizations? And that's it for me. Thank you.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: I think we had unplanned performance, as we mentioned here, essentially across the EMEA territory and also APAC, which I think is good news. That was predictable and performed as expected. In North America, we do see larger transactions to North America, and we see a more  when we have a multi-product transaction, as I commented on before, and there are multiple point products involved in that procurement, we just are seeing those things taking longer to get through the sales cycle than we originally planned. And we do have a relatively  in our pipeline, larger deals are becoming more frequent as we continue to integrate the point products into better solutions. We're seeing those deals becoming larger and taking longer. In addition, I think the contracts that all of the industry are seeing right now have some more discussions around data privacy and then where they're cloud oriented, making sure that it takes longer to work through things like the GDPR language in contracts these days than it did a year ago. And so there are some other environmental effects that are happening in the negotiation of some of these larger transactions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Turits with Raymond James.
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hi, guys, two questions. First, relative to the proxy refresh, how would you describe the sales cycles there? As people are coming up to do the refresh proxies, is that part of the issue? And how can we parse out what is a big ideal issue from what may be competitive issues specifically around proxy refresh?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: I think the network solution that we sell to customers now are a combination of Blue Coat and Symantec products. They also intersect cloud-delivered products such as our Cloud Access Broker as a part of that discussion. That product transition cycle is still underway, and there's still an opportunity in front of us. We completed a bunch of it and there's a bunch of it still to go. As I stated in the script, there's a great example of a Blue Coat refresh that went on in one of the examples I gave on the script that that subsequent quarter has ended up in a substantial eight-figure integrated cyber defense sale into that organization. So I think we do have the industry logic how the Blue Coat and Symantec acquisition is panning out and it is driving opportunity for substantial cross-sell. As we mentioned in the past there is a mixed discussion in the Blue Coat refresh and it does have a lot more ratability and the statements we've made in the past about how we expect that to become more and more ratable over time still hold.
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: A question for Nick. Thanks very much, Greg. A question for Nick, maybe you can help us out some of the cash flow details here. You said that you would have an additional $50 million in restructuring I think for 2019. So I assume  should we assume that as a cash charge in 2019? And maybe at this point you can give us what the existing cash restructuring charges were in 2019 and 2018?
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: Sure. So a couple of things here. So we've given you a high level view of cash restructuring from fiscal year 2018 to fiscal year 2019. And on the last quarter set of calls we said that those costs would be similar year-on-year but then declining pretty dramatically after that because the P&L would be coming down. We're talking about a $50 million charge here that we believe that basically most of the charge and most of the cash will be an FY 2019 event. Obviously the timing of the cash can always depend on sets of, in this case, severance actions. But the overall as we made comments on the overall trajectory of cash flow or cash outflows for restructuring in those, that trajectory is still the case with pretty flat between fiscal year 2018 and 2019 was the prior statement. Obviously, we have a little bit more now but then a pretty substantial decline subsequent to that.
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Nick. Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brad Zelnick with Credit Suisse.
Brad Alan Zelnick - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thanks very much for fitting me in. I wanted to touch on Consumer Digital Safety. Coming in at the lower end of year guidance for the quarter and that's with front-end loading, a lot of marketing spent that you spoke about last quarter. And I know this is one integrated business at this point, but is it fair to say that given the visibility you have with Norton this is more of a miss with LifeLock? And as well, how would you characterize the different offerings from a bookings perspective?
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: Maybe why don't I just start on the numbers first?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Yeah, go ahead Nick.
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: Obviously, in all of the supplemental materials you'll see that we did experience FX headwind there on the Consumer Digital Safety side. So we actually feel from the network side of the fence and the business side of the fence we basically did what we said we were going to do in the quarter and we feel very good about the continued progress on the retention side and on the LifeLock enrollments, et cetera.
Brad Alan Zelnick - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: That help  sorry, go ahead Greg.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Yeah, go ahead. The other question you asked Brad and thanks for the question is what it's like on the mix. We offer people a bundled offering inventory now. We want to sell you an integrated Digital Safety package where you your Norton and your LifeLock for one fee. That was pretty much the premise behind the  our business case and the acquisition that we could renew the Norton installed based up into that offering and I think we're tracking our business based on that cross sell.
Brad Alan Zelnick - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, very helpful color.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: So, I don't  we don't think we missed our expectations in the Consumer business.
Brad Alan Zelnick - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, thank you. Can I just ask a quick follow-up for you Nick? Nick in your prepared remarks on Enterprise on an ASC 605 basis when you talked about margins being down year-over-year you talked about higher commission expenses, which I'm just trying to reconcile with implied billings down 20% year-on-year, why would you be paying higher commission expenses on that?
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: Sure. Sure, good question because so two things. When you look at a year-on-year of Enterprise margins and you hear me talk about the actual coming in at 8.9% versus 17.5% last year, the biggest change is eight points having to do with the divestiture. So now we've taken that out, so 17.5% comes down by eight points due to the impact from the Website Security PKI divestiture. We do have a commission deferral. So, obviously from a strong Q4 we're going to see some impact of that on the go forward. And then as we've indicated that we have  we're bringing on capacity and those things are going to matter in that Enterprise mix and in the Enterprise margin lock from Q1 2018 let's say excluding the divestiture to the Q1 actual results.
Brad Alan Zelnick - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thanks very much, Nick. I really appreciate it.
Operator: And we do have time for one final question from the line of Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi, thanks. Just probably beating a dead horse here but on the sales execution side can you talk about, I guess how we know it wasn't a pull forward of business? Q3 and Q4 you mentioned were strong in your view and sometimes that can pull forward. How do you know that's not the case? And then I just had a question on 2020.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Yes, so we feel very good about our go forward pipeline Walter. I think as we look through FY 2019 and the quarters ahead you'll see that they are  pretty healthy expectations on the sales force. So we do like our pipe. What we're actually finding coming out of Q1 is some of those deals are taking longer than we thought. So we like the outlook for the rest of 2019. I think you'll see that there are some nice quarters in there like there was in Q3 and Q4 of last year. We think we have the tenured sales capacity on board to deliver it. And we think the market environment is there. What we're flagging is we got some sales cycle and so we're taking that into consideration in our guidance and taking things down accordingly.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. And then just on 2020. I guess kind of a two part question. But how do you have confidence at this point to give a 2020 guide? What is it based on? And then that guidance does seem pretty attractive in terms of growth profile. Why would you do the reduction? I understand you're telling me it's to reduce the TSA's. But it would seem like that 8% reduction is pretty significant if you are indeed looking at such good growth in 2020.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: So I think that's a good question. Walter, I think one of the things that we have to just take a step back and look at is even after the ratable transition we're in 2020 and we're expecting some growth rates, we're still not extremely happy with the Enterprise segment margins, okay? We did a lot of work on working on the post-Veritas divestiture trapped expenses, the synergies from the big acquisitions that we did. And this is really just now refining some of the cost structure until to really get to the right margin profile for the longer haul. And we  our belief is that we should have that big $3 billion booking sort of business at a different margin profile than it currently is. Some of that comes from top line growth and some of that comes from some cost efficiencies. And as Nick mentioned we do have some trapped expenses in here and we do have some other markets that we would be looking to improve on as we go forward. And so we're really announcing a restructuring budget to be able to do that, okay?
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And what gives you the 2020 visibility on that growth? I mean, it's far above I think what you've delivered so far with the combined companies on a consistent basis.
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: Yeah. So let me start that one and Greg might have some comments as well. So, and you'll see in the supplemental disclosure that we have a full revenue waterfall of the remaining performance obligations and we roll all of that forward. So we look at a combination of what is actually on the balance sheet and how is that going to roll off and in what period. And what you'll see is similar to the deferred revenue roll off that we talked about before and how much of it happens inside the first 36 months, the roll off or the waterfall of performance obligations, remaining performance obligations has a similar look and feel to it in terms of it rolling off inside a tight window. So we have that view. We also have a view of what we will do in business for the remainder FY 2019 and what that business  what shape and size that business will mean for FY 2020. So as we come out of this ratable transition and move through ASC 606, et cetera, we have a view of what all of that translates to. It's also backed by, and that is why I indicated Greg might want to have a perspective here, it's backed by our view on pipeline and it's backed by our view on capacity. So those things all come together on an enterprise side to give us that perspective on how growth will look in FY 2020 and how that growth will be different from where we're at today.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Consumer is a tight range. And obviously, we're doing better than that in terms of the numbers we're putting up and then Greg just talked about the margin.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Yeah. I think Walter, if you think about what happens  the kind of revenue guidance we put up for 2019 at the deferred revenue and what we now in ASC 606 language call contract obligation we have to get on that language now moving forward. So contract obligations means deferred revenue in ASC 605. So as we go and deliver those revenue quarters in our second quarter, third quarter and fourth quarter, we are building substantial deferred revenue balance sheet going forward. And as that rolls off, we do get a big benefit in 2020, helps the margins. And of course, it helps the revenue. And we feel like that is, we've got to hit the second half, but when we do hit the second half that's what 2020 would look like.
Operator: This does end our Q&A session for today. Ms. Cynthia Hiponia, back to you for closing remarks.
Cynthia Hiponia - Symantec Corp.: Great. Thank you everyone for joining this afternoon, and we look forward to updating you again on our next call.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. Please disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful evening.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-05-10 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Cynthia Hiponia - Symantec Corp. Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp. Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Ian and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Symantec Corporation's Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 (sic) [2018] (00:11) Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I'd now like to turn the call over to Ms. Cynthia Hiponia. Ma'am, you may begin.
Cynthia Hiponia - Symantec Corp.: Thank you. I'm Cynthia Hiponia, Vice President of Investor Relations at Symantec, and I'm pleased to welcome you to our fourth quarter and full year fiscal year 2018 earnings results. We've posted the earnings materials and prepared remarks to our Investor Relations Events webpage. Speakers on today's call are Greg Clark, Symantec's CEO; and Nick Noviello, EVP and CFO. This call will be available for replay via webcast on our website. I'd like to remind everyone that all references to financial metrics are non-GAAP, unless otherwise stated. Please refer to the CFO commentary posted on the Investor Relations website for further definition of our non-GAAP metrics. Please note, non-GAAP financial measures referenced during this call are reconciled to their comparable GAAP financial measure in the press release and supplemental materials posted on our website. We believe our presentation of the non-GAAP financial measures, when taken together with corresponding GAAP financial measures, provides meaningful supplemental information regarding our operating performance for reasons discussed below. Our management team uses those non-GAAP financial measures in assessing our operating results as well as when planning, forecasting and annualizing future periods. We believe our non-GAAP financial measures also facilitate comparisons of our performance to prior periods and that investors benefit from understanding of the non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures are supplemental and should not be considered a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Today's call contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current date and, as such, involve risk and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information. You will also find a detailed discussion about our risk factors in our filings with the SEC and, in particular, on our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017. Lastly, as mentioned in the company's press release, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors has commenced an internal investigation in connections with concerns raised by a former employee. The Audit Committee has retained independent counsel and other advisors to assist in its investigation. The company has voluntarily contacted the Securities and Exchange Commission to advise that an internal investigation is underway, and the Audit Committee intends to provide additional information to the SEC as the investigation proceeds. The investigation is in its early stages and the company cannot predict the duration or outcome of the investigation. The company's financial results and guidance may be subject to change based on the outcome of the Audit Committee investigation. It is unlikely that the investigation will be completed in time for the company to file its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 30, 2018, in a timely manner. The investigation does not relate to any security concern or breach with respect to our products or systems. Now because this is an ongoing matter, we will be unable to comment further on this topic during today's call and there will be no question-and-answer session following our prepared remarks. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to our CEO, Greg Clark.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Thank you for joining us, and good afternoon. We were pleased with our performance in the fourth quarter and FY 2018, delivering operating results across the business above the guidance levels we provided in our last earnings call. We're also pleased that we exceeded our full-year EPS guidance based on our second half performance and good results from our cost control initiatives. In Q4, our total revenue was driven by performance in both Enterprise Security and Consumer Digital Safety. Our operating margin exceeded our guidance as a result of revenue growth and continued cost and operating efficiencies. We generated strong cash flow from operations, which should benefit going forward from our continued business momentum, deferred revenue, and the drop off of costs associated with our restructuring initiatives. In Enterprise Security, our Integrated Cyber Defense platform gained traction with customers attracted to our value proposition of an integrated platform with best-of-breed solutions. We saw continued adoption in Q4, with our deals greater than $1 million again exceeding 100. We also had a large number of deals greater than $5 million in the quarter. Our-best-of-breed solutions were also recognized by industry analysts. In FY 2018, we were named a leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Managed Security Services, Endpoint Protection Platforms, Cloud Access Security Brokers, CASB, and Secure Web Gateways. We were also named a leader in the IDC MarketScape for Mobile Threat Management in FY 2018. As we've discussed on prior calls, to grow our Enterprise business, we've focused on integrating our Enterprise sales force and our product offerings to bring to customers an Integrated Cyber Defense platform. We believe our third and fourth quarter results indicate the successful integration of our sales force and the success of our Integrated Cyber Defense platform strategy. Now turning to the market and how we are doing with customers. The trend that I described in our last earnings call of increased cross-selling in our Enterprise Security segment continued to gain strength this quarter. Enterprise customers are buying more of our products and solutions, embedding us deeper in their security architectures, and simplifying their environments, cutting costs by consolidating around our platform. The rising awareness of long-term challenges and higher costs associated with sustaining many fragmented solutions across the enterprise is extensive and fragile. This has created opportunities within our installed base and with new customers for the platform and product integrations we provide. We are pleased with the adoption of our cloud-based Network and Web Security products, driven by sales to new customers, cross selling our cloud-based products into our installed base and displacing cloud solutions of native cloud incumbent competitors within existing and new accounts. I would like to cover some examples that illustrate the trends we are seeing in our Enterprise Security segment. In the fourth quarter, we had a new customer adopt our platform in a seven-figure deal. One of the 10 largest banks in the U.S. found itself struggling with an overly complex and expensive global security architecture. The customer turned to our Integrated Cyber Defense platform, purchasing Data Loss Prevention, Advanced Threat Protection, Web Isolation from our Fireglass acquisition, Data Center Security, SEP, PGP, Business Critical Services and professional services. In the process, we displaced the DLP solution and Endpoint Protection offering of two separate incumbent competitors. This is just one of many examples of customer transactions driven in part by the need to cut complexity and costs from the security stack while improving performance. Another critical need for enterprise customers is ensuring compliance and security in the cloud. This is a rising priority for customers who must contend with more complex regulations and decentralized sensitive data. In the fourth quarter, we also closed an eight-figure deal with a large global professional services company that adopted solutions throughout our web security stack including CASB, cloud proxy, cloud DLP and Symantec Endpoint Protection Mobile. We displaced the CASB and web filtering offerings of two vendors. With one of the most mobile and geographically disbursed workforces in the world, this customer needed a way to keep their data safe while enabling easy access and information-sharing across their hundreds of thousands of roaming employees. We also had another new customer win during the fourth quarter with a Fortune 500 enterprise software company that turned to us for help with their advanced threat and forensic security environments across their cloud infrastructure. This eight-figure deal included Security Analytics and our Encrypted Traffic Management product. Turning to Consumer Digital Safety. With 40% of U.S. citizens affected by a cyber issue last year, consumers are moving beyond device security and focusing on protecting their entire life. The core tenets of our Consumer Digital Safety platform are malware, identity protection and privacy, which are center of mind in consumer populations. This category of digital safety is playing out favorably in FY 2018 and we have seen our competitors attempt to copy our strategy and partners are beginning to realize it's a better proposition for the customers than a malware-centered security tool. We believe consumers are seeing the value in our bundled offerings, which offer protection across device, information and identity, and we expect our growth in FY 2019 will be driven by further integration of our offerings and increased marketing to drive consumer awareness of our Consumer Digital Safety platform. In summary, we are pleased by our performance in FY 2018 across both of our segments. Nick will now discuss our financial results in more detail and provide our outlook.
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: Thank you, Greg, and good afternoon, everyone. All references to financial metrics are non-GAAP, unless otherwise stated. Please note, we've posted information on our financial metrics as well as other tables and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP metrics in our supplemental materials and CFO commentary to our Investor Relations website. I will start with a high level view of our Q4 and full year fiscal 2018 results. Recall that the first three quarters of fiscal year 2018 and fiscal year 2017 include results from our WSS/PKI solutions that we divested in Q3. For comparative purposes, our organic growth rates discussed are adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures. As Greg mentioned in his comments, we were pleased with our performance in the fourth quarter with both Enterprise Security and Consumer Digital Safety revenues above our prior guidance. Looking at organic revenue growth in constant currency, adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures, total company year-over-year revenue growth was 4%. This included Enterprise Security segment growth of 1% and Consumer Digital Safety segment growth of 6%. At the same time, year-over-year deferred revenue, adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures, was up 21% for the total company, 34% in our Enterprise Security segment, and 3% in our Consumer Digital Safety segment. We look at the combination of in-quarter recognized revenue and deferred revenue as a strong indicator of the health of our business segments. In our Enterprise Security segment in the fourth quarter, over 80% of our business was ratable. Our Q4 implied billings was $937 million. Contract duration for our ratable business was approximately 18.5 months in Q4, up from slightly under 18 months in Q3; approximately 16.5 months in Q2, and approximately 15.5 months in Q1. We calculate contract duration as total order value divided by annual order value for ratable orders with a term of one year or more. Due to integration activities that began in Q1 fiscal year 2018, we are not able to provide comparable duration metrics in fiscal year 2017. Contract duration impacts implied billings growth, and we expect our contract duration will continue to increase during fiscal year 2019. This increase is due to our selling a greater proportion of new customer transactions on three-year terms, partially offset by our substantial renewal business, where we typically sell one-year contracts. We plan to give you contract duration on a quarterly basis going forward. We expect that the implementation of the new revenue recognition standard will impact our metrics, and we will give you the details on our Q1 earnings call. With respect to our deferred revenue as of March 30, 2018, as we look into fiscal year 2019 and beyond, if the revenue recognition standard in effect in fiscal year 2018 had continued to apply after fiscal year 2018, we believe approximately 85% of our total Enterprise Security deferred revenue would be recognized into revenue over 24 months and approximately 95% over 36 months. And we believe approximately one-third of our Enterprise Security short-term deferred revenue balance would be recognized in revenue in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019. Let me now turn to our quarterly Consumer Digital Safety metrics, which are defined in the CFO commentary. In the fourth quarter, our direct customer count was 20.9 million, down slightly from Q3. Direct ARPU increased to $8.62 per month, up approximately 3% from Q3. We expect these direct customer statistics to represent approximately 90% of our revenue stream at any point in time. Total company operating margin for the fourth quarter was 36.5%. The year-over-year improvement in operating margin was the result of higher revenue and continued cost and operating efficiencies. Fully diluted earnings per share was $0.46, primarily driven by higher operating income. Please see the dilution tables posted to our Investor Relations website where you can see the impact to diluted share count from the convertible notes at various stock prices. Turning to full fiscal year 2018 results, total company year-over-year organic revenue growth in constant currency, adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures was 2%. This included flat revenue for Enterprise Security and 3% revenue growth for Consumer Digital Safety. At our Financial Analyst Day last year, we stated we would supplement our quarterly metrics with annual metrics for our Consumer Digital Safety segment around retention and digital safety adoption. These metrics are defined in the supplemental CFO commentary posted to the Investor Relations website. For fiscal year 2018, our annual retention rate was approximately 83% and our digital safety adoption was approximately 11%. We believe both are evidence of the value of our digital safety strategy with consumers. Operating margin for the full fiscal year 2018 was 34.7% as compared to 28.7% in fiscal year 2017. This year-over-year improvement reflects our top line revenue growth as well as operating efficiencies. Fully diluted earnings per share was $1.69, up 43% year-over-year. We generated cash flow from operating activities in the fiscal year of $950 million, and CapEx was $142 million. We significantly reduced the principal amount of debt over the fiscal year from approximately $8.3 billion to $5.1 billion, with $1.75 billion of the year-end balance comprising of convertible notes. We exited the fiscal year with approximately $2.2 billion in cash and short-term investments. Looking back on fiscal year 2018, each of our Enterprise Security and Consumer Digital Safety segments successfully leveraged cross-sell and upsell opportunities within our installed base, which you can see in our revenue and deferred revenue growth. We realigned, integrated and added capacity to our Enterprise sales force. We achieved our cost savings and integration synergies ahead of schedule. We significantly deleveraged our balance sheet. We enter fiscal year 2019 with industry-leading platforms in both Enterprise and Consumer, a continued focus on operating efficiency, a stronger balance sheet and cash generating capability. Our forecast model for fiscal year 2019 is based on the revenue recognition standard in effect in fiscal year 2018. We are not updating guidance at this point for the impact of the new revenue recognition standard, which we have adopted effective at the beginning of Q1 fiscal year 2019 on a modified retrospective basis. We expect the adoption of the new revenue standard will impact the pattern of revenue recognition for certain contracts. Each quarter, we will be disclosing the impact of the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard on our operating results and the balance sheet, as well as our achievements against revenue guidance provided under the previous standard. In fiscal year 2019, we anticipate that our shift to a more ratable-based enterprise business will continue. While we expect this ratable shift to lower in-period revenue in the near-term, we believe it will provide us with greater revenue visibility over time. In our Consumer Digital Safety segment, our integrated bundled offerings provide consumers with a broad suite of digital safety options. We expect to further enhance our bundled offerings in fiscal year 2019 and drive further retention and adoption. Before I transition to financial guidance, our organic growth rate discussed going forward will be adjusted for the WSS/PKI divestiture. We are forecasting fiscal year 2019 revenue in the range of $4.760 billion to $4.900 billion, comprised of $2.325 billion to $2.425 billion in Enterprise Security, and $2.435 billion to $2.475 billion in Consumer Digital Safety. At the midpoint, on an organic basis, our guidance suggests flat revenue for the total company, a decline of 2% for Enterprise Security, and just over 3% growth for Consumer Digital Safety. You can see our revenue and deferred revenue details in our supplemental tables. Based on the revenue recognition standard in effect in fiscal year 2018, we expect higher revenue in Enterprise Security in the second half of the year compared to the first half as deferred revenue is recognized. We are forecasting a fiscal Q1 2019 revenue range of $1.135 billion to $1.165 billion, comprised of $535 million to $555 million in Enterprise Security, and $600 million to $610 million in Consumer Digital Safety. At the midpoint, our guidance on an organic basis suggests flat year-over-year revenue for the total company, a decline in Enterprise Security, and growth in Consumer Digital Safety. We believe the forecasted year-over-year decline in Enterprise Security revenue can be primarily attributed to a lower mix of business yielding in-period revenue and other contributors, including increased contract duration and timing of maintenance renewals. In fiscal year 2019, implied billings and contract duration will be important metrics of the growth of this segment, and we will continue to report on them each quarter. We are forecasting operating margin in fiscal year 2019 to be in the range of 30% to 32%, with Enterprise Security margins in the low teens, and Consumer Digital Safety margins of approximately 50%. As we look at our operating margin in fiscal year 2018 and compare it to our forecast for fiscal year 2019, we believe total operating margin will be negatively impacted by just over 1 point due to the WSS/PKI divestiture, as well as additional investments we are planning to make, partially offset by revenue growth. We are forecasting operating margin in Q1 fiscal year 2019 to be in the range of 26% to 28%, with Enterprise Security margins impacted by higher costs versus Q4 and lower revenue. As a result of U.S. tax reform, we expect our effective tax rate in fiscal year 2019 to be approximately 20.4%, lower than the 21% to 22% range we discussed on our last earnings call. We are forecasting non-GAAP EPS for fiscal year 2019 in the range of $1.50 to $1.65. Our fiscal year 2019 EPS forecast compared to fiscal year 2018 reflects higher revenue and a lower tax rate, partially offset by the WSS/PKI divestiture, and increased spend investment to drive revenue growth. Our Q1 fiscal year 2019 EPS forecast is in the range of $0.31 to $0.35. We are forecasting cash flow from operations for fiscal year 2019 to be in the range of $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion as compared to $950 million in fiscal year 2018. Turning to capital allocation, our strategy is to balance driving shareholder returns, managing financial risk, and preserving our flexibility to pursue strategic options including M&A. On our last call, we discussed our opportunity to repatriate or otherwise utilize just over $1 billion of international cash as a result of U.S. tax reform. This process started in Q4. At the end of fiscal year 2018, $1.1 billion of our total principal amount of debt consisted of pre-payable term loans. We expect to continue to focus on debt repayment in fiscal year 2019. Consistent with our capital allocation strategy, we also continue to focus on share repurchase and have an existing $800 million share repurchase authorization. We also plan to continue our regular dividend of $0.075 per share through fiscal year 2019. We continue to believe that M&A can be an important supplement to our organic initiatives. We have shown our ability to successfully integrate and bring to market technologies from tuck-in acquisitions such as Fireglass and Skycure as well as execute on large transactions such as Blue Coat and LifeLock. Looking forward, our balance sheet provides us with ability to continue to evaluate opportunities that make sense for the long-term value of Symantec. Now, let me turn the call back to Greg for some closing remarks.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: As I look back on the fiscal year 2018, I'm pleased with how we executed for the year. When we launched our new go-to-market strategy in Enterprise at the beginning of fiscal year 2018, we had a vision of how our sales force could market and sell our Integrated Cyber Defense platform. Our strategy is resonating with customers. Enterprise customers are designing us into their security architectures and adopting our platform. As our customer workloads move to the cloud, we have launched a suite of cloud-hosted products ranging from CASB, WSS and DLP in the cloud to bring security into the cloud as our customers make this transition. Our enterprise customers are rapidly adopting the subscription-based ratable form factors of our on-premise solutions based on their evolving buying preference for cloud and subscription form factors and the breadth and differentiation of our solutions. Our FY 2019 guidance reflects our expectation that our Enterprise Security segment revenue will become more ratable on an annualized basis in FY 2019 compared to FY 2018. In our Consumer Digital Safety segment, our goal in FY 2018 was to start to leverage the significant cross-sell opportunity of the Norton and LifeLock installed base and transform the traditionally PC-centric business to a growing Consumer Digital Safety category. We accomplished this with a platform that includes endpoint security, mobile, identity protection, Wi-Fi privacy and cyber safety in the home. In FY 2018, our Consumer Digital Safety segment experienced rising ARPU with an annual retention rate of approximately 83% and digital safety adoption rate of approximately 11%. These statistics validate that our strategy of cyber safety platform that includes protecting against malware and identity theft and enhances privacy in cyber space is resonating in the market. In summary, fiscal 2018 was a significant year in Symantec's corporate evolution, the latest chapter of which started with the divestiture of Veritas in fiscal year 2016. Since then, Symantec has undertaken two transformational acquisitions with Blue Coat and LifeLock while delivering substantial margin improvement. In the last year, Symantec continued to sharpen its strategic focus by divesting its Website Security and PKI offerings to DigiCert and completing several tuck-in acquisitions, including Fireglass and Skycure. We believe our strategy to drive organic growth and leverage our scale, innovation and capital to create industry-leading platform solutions across our enterprise and consumer segments is working. Thank you for joining us this afternoon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Symantec Corporation's Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 (sic) [2018] (27:15) Earnings Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-02-01 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Cynthia Hiponia - Vice President of Investor Relations Greg Clark - Chief Executive Officer, Director Nick Noviello - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President
Analysts: Brad Zelnick - Credit Suisse Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital Sarah Hindlian - Macquarie Melissa Franchi - Morgan Stanley Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs John DiFucci - Jefferies
Operator: Good day. My name is Ian and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Symantec's fiscal third quarter 2018 earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. In the interest of time and so we may get to everyone's question, we ask that you please limit yourself to one main question and one follow-up question. Thank you. I would now turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Cynthia Hiponia. Ma'am?
Cynthia Hiponia: Good afternoon. This is Cynthia Hiponia, Vice President of Investor Relations at Symantec and I am pleased to welcome you to our call to discuss our third quarter fiscal year 2018 earnings results. We have posted the earnings materials and prepared remarks to our Investor Relations events webpage. Speakers on today's call are Greg Clark, Symantec's CEO and Nick Noviello, Executive Vice President and CFO. This is a live call that will be available for replay via webcast on our website. I would like to remind everyone that all references to financial metrics are non-GAAP, unless otherwise stated. Please refer to the CFO commentary posted on the Investor Relations website for further definitions of our non-GAAP metrics. Please note, non-GAAP financial measures referenced during this call are reconciled to their comparable GAAP financial measure in the press release and supplemental materials posted on our website. We believe our presentation of non-GAAP financial measures, when taken together with corresponding GAAP financial measures, provides meaningful supplemental information regarding our operating performance for reasons discussed below. Our management team uses this non-GAAP financial measures in assessing our operating results, as well as when planning, forecasting and annualizing future periods. We believe our non-GAAP financial measures also facilitate comparisons of our performance to prior periods and that investors benefit from understanding of the non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures are supplemental and should not be considered a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Today's call contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current date and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information. You will also find a detailed discussion about our risk factors in our filings with the SEC and, in particular, on our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017. And now, I would like to introduce our CEO, Greg Clark.
Greg Clark: Thank you for joining us and good afternoon. We are disappointed that we missed our total company revenue guidance for Q3 despite what we feel was an otherwise good quarter for our business. Our Consumer Digital Safety segment achieved the high-end of our revenue guidance for the quarter. Our Enterprise segment, on the other hand, recognized less revenue than we forecast, despite selling and invoicing more business than we planned. This was due to an increasing mix shift towards our ratable, subscription and cloud-delivered products that reduced in-period revenue recognition. Most of my prepared remarks will focus on our Enterprise segment. As we have discussed on prior calls, to grow our Enterprise business, since the combination of Symantec and Blue Coat, we have focused on building our Enterprise sales force team, who in turn create the pipeline to grow the business. We had the right level of capacity and selling activity from our Enterprise sales force in Q3, but we did not correctly forecast the perpetual product and license versus ratable mix, which resulted in lower in-period revenue and a larger increase in our deferred revenue balance. Our customers are purchasing our ratable products much more frequently than we anticipated in our plans in FY 2018. We now expect this ratable, mix shift trend to continue to a point where traditional license and appliance product sales become the exception in our business. As our cloud and subscription solutions have reached parity with our traditional appliance products, our customers are adopting our ratable solution at an increasing pace due to their evolving buying preference for cloud and subscription form factors and differentiation from our solutions. Our Enterprise strategy always embraced this shift in both our selling motion and our product roadmaps, but the pace of this transition has far exceeded our expectations. We are winning the volume of business that we expected, as is represented by our implied billings growth, which is up 27% year-over-year for Enterprise in the third quarter, as adjusted for the divestiture of our Certificate Authority business. However, the shift towards a ratable revenue mix is a significant trend for us and will continue. As a result, we are reducing our Q4 and FY 2018 Enterprise revenue guidance to incorporate a higher ratable mix for our Enterprise business going forward and we will be providing expectations for implied billings in Q4. Ultimately, this change in our enterprise revenue model results in a greater visibility and more predictable cash flow generation. You can see strength in Q3 implied billings growth, deferred revenue and cash flow. We believe these become increasingly important financial metrics for us as we are now a more ratable business. For Q3, even with our Enterprise revenue shortfall, we performed well against other financial metrics. Operating margin exceeded our guidance as we realized continued cost efficiencies. EPS benefited from those cost efficiencies as well as from U.S. tax reform and we generated strong cash flow from operations, which should benefit going forward from our strong business momentum, deferred revenue and the drop off in costs associated with our restructuring initiatives. Turning to the market and how we are doing with customers. Our cross-selling strategy is working. Symantec is increasingly closing larger deals with multi-product platform sales. Enterprise customers are designing us into their security architectures by adopting our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform. They are choosing our platform because it offers superior protection, cross-product integration and a lower overall cost-of-ownership. In particular, the proxy refresh opportunity in our installed base has allowed customers to bring us into their next-generation architecture, securing their adoption of cloud and cloud applications. In doing so, customers are increasingly choosing our cloud and virtual appliance proxies over our traditional appliance form factor. The integration of our network and endpoint products has been an enabler for our cross-sell strategy as customers look to leverage the integrations between our Enterprise products to consolidate vendors and enhance security posture. Increased adoption of our cloud proxy also makes it easier and more cost effective for the customers to deploy additional security from Symantec, such as multi-factor authentication, email protection, protection for cloud applications as well as data loss prevention, without requiring the customer to deploy appliances. This success is validating the long-term growth prospects for Symantec in our vast installed base. In our large Enterprise base, our new bookings are typically sold with a three-year license term that are billed up-front to customers, similar to many of our other peers in other Enterprise sector. For our large Enterprise renewals business, we follow industry-standard practices with respect to discounting and contract terms, with firm policy and practice around extensions. Since the beginning of fiscal 2018, when we realigned our sales force and simplified our Enterprise business, we have seen the number of deals over $1 million grow from 37 in the first quarter, to 47 in the second quarter, to more than 100 in the third quarter, a substantial increase from a year ago. We displaced competitors in the majority of these opportunities last quarter. A customer example of this: In the third quarter, one of the world's largest construction companies, a long-time Symantec and Blue Coat customer, chose our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform based on our ability to combine existing solutions to extend the security to their cloud infrastructure. Where we were previously securing all of their endpoint, DLP and network infrastructure, we refreshed their existing installed base for an additional three years and extended our presence with Symantec Endpoint Protection 14.1, DLP, PGP and Proxy. We won on our ability to integrate our solutions across the entire portfolio. This deal would not have been possible before the combination of Symantec and Blue Coat and a great majority of this transaction is ratable business. There are many more examples of our success in selling our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform within our Q3 cohort of deals over $1 million. The strength of our Endpoint Protection solution is one area where our competitive advantages continue to widen. Endpoint has become a growth driver in enabling us to bring customers additional capabilities through our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform. I am pleased to announce that last week, Symantec has also once again been positioned in the Leaders quadrant of the January 2018 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Endpoint Protection Platforms which we believe is further validation of our continued leadership in Endpoint. Symantec is positioned the furthest among all other vendors in the Leaders quadrant on both execution and vision. I encourage you to take a look at the new vendor positioning in this Magic Quadrant, which we believe illustrates how the market and key criteria for these endpoint products is evolving. To bring that leadership to another customer example: In the third quarter, a global Fortune 500 financial services company chose our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform, with endpoint being the primary driver of this deal. In this transaction, Symantec displaced nine vendors across 22 product areas. And in addition to selecting our platform over several different point solutions, in many product areas the customer chose the cloud form factor of our solution. Another customer example of the vendor consolidation and ratable product adoption we are seeing involved one of the world's largest Fintech companies. They chose Symantec to consolidate their security vendor landscape, while gaining a stronger overall security posture. This customer eliminated eight other security vendors across multiple product areas, reducing the risk, integration and sustainment expenses required to stitch together a portfolio of point solutions and realized new integrations across their security architecture. The customer concluded this would improve their security posture and increase their productivity. Where previously this customer had deployed two of our solutions, with our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform, the customer is now using nine solutions from Symantec, five of which are cloud solutions. Now let me now turn to our Consumer Digital Safety business, which had a strong quarter. Recall that only eighteen months ago this business was in decline, with decreasing retention rates and ARPU. Today, our Consumer Digital Safety business has been transformed. Revenue in the third quarter was at the high-end of our guidance range, with an organic growth rate of 4% year-over-year in constant currency. We experienced 53% operating margins and an increased ARPU. In summary, we are pleased with the volume of business across our Enterprise and Consumer segments, with continued strong adoption of our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform in our Enterprise business and the solid performance of our Consumer Digital Safety business. We recognize that we underestimated the timing of the shift in our Enterprise business towards a higher ratable revenue mix and have reflected this change in our guidance. Nick will discuss our financial results in more detail and provide our outlook. Nick?
Nick Noviello: Thank you Greg and good afternoon everyone. I would like to remind you that all references to financial metrics are non-GAAP, unless otherwise stated. Please note we have posted information on implied billings and deferred revenue, as well as other tables in our supplemental materials and CFO commentary to our Investor Relations website. As Greg discussed in his comments, we acknowledge that we did not anticipate the speed at which the mix of our ratable versus product business in Enterprise would shift. In light of this, we have now built into our Q4 and fiscal year 2018 outlook the impact of an ongoing and accelerated shift to ratable business in our Enterprise segment and its impact to in-period revenue. We will now be reporting implied billings quarterly, in addition to deferred revenue, which provides additional visibility into the growth of the Enterprise business as it becomes more ratable. Let me now review our financial results for Q3 in more detail. Our third quarter revenue was $1.234 billion. This was comprised of Consumer Digital Safety revenue at the high-end of our prior revenue guidance range and Enterprise Security revenue below the low-end of our prior revenue guidance range. Looking at organic revenue growth in constant currency, adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures: Total company year-over-year revenue growth was 2%. Year-over-year revenue growth was comprised of Consumer Digital Safety segment revenue growth of 4% and an Enterprise Security segment decline of 1%. At the same time, year-over-year deferred revenue, adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures, was up 5% in our Consumer Digital Safety segment and up 23% in our Enterprise Security segment. As we indicated last quarter, we look at the combination of in-quarter recognized revenue and deferred revenue as a strong indicator of the health of our business segments. Third quarter revenue came in lower than expected primarily due to the mix of product and ratable business in our Enterprise segment. As we discussed a quarter ago, our pipeline of business coming into Q3 was significantly larger than our prior forecasts and was made up of increasingly large, cross-sell opportunities. The trend towards ratable business we saw in the second quarter was built into our Q3 guidance. However, that trend accelerated in the third quarter, faster than we forecasted. Ultimately, the transactions we closed, some of which Greg referenced, are proof our Enterprise strategy is working. You can see the strength of our business in implied billings growth, deferred revenue and cash flow. Operating margin for the third quarter was 38%, above the high-end of our prior guidance range of 36% to 37%. The higher operating margin was the result of continued cost and operating efficiencies, including the completion of the net cost reduction and synergy programs we discussed last quarter, across the business. Now turning to tax. As a result of recent tax reform, we reduced our estimated effective tax rate from 29.5% to 26.8% for fiscal 2018 and in Q3, trued up our year-to-date effective tax rate accordingly. This resulted in a Q3 rate of approximately 22.5%. On a GAAP basis, our tax provision for Q3 includes a provisional benefit of approximately $1.6 billion from adjustments to previous deferred tax liabilities related to foreign earnings and re-measurement of U.S. deferred income taxes. This was partially offset by a liability of approximately $800 million for the one-time transition tax. Fully diluted earnings per share was $0.49, $0.03 above the high-end of our prior guidance range, impacted by higher operating margins and a favorable impact of just over $0.04 from the effective tax rate true-up. Excluding the in-quarter tax rate benefit, we achieved EPS near the high-end of our guidance range, enabled by effective cost management across the business. Fully diluted shares outstanding was lower by seven million shares at 667 million as compared to our prior Q3 guidance of 674 million, primarily due to less dilution from our convertible notes driven by our lower share price. Please see the dilution tables posted to our Investor Relations website where you can see the impact to diluted share count from the convertible notes at various stock prices. Cash flow from operating activities during the quarter was $294 million and CapEx was $33 million. During the quarter, we prepaid $630 million of principal on our senior term loans. We have reduced our gross debt from approximately $8.3 billion at the beginning of the fiscal year to $5.7 billion at the end of the third quarter. $1.75 billion of this balance is convertible notes. At the end of the third quarter, we had $2.5 billion in cash and short-term investments on the balance sheet. $1.6 billion of that was held by our foreign subsidiaries, just over $1 billion of which we have identified as available for repatriation in the near term. As a result of tax reform, we would not expect to incur additional U.S. tax liability on that repatriation. We are considering our go-forward capital allocation strategy in light of tax reform and expect to update you on our next quarter's earnings conference call. As a reminder, we have $800 million remaining under our current share repurchase authorization from our Board of Directors. Now let's discuss in more detail our Q3 operating segment performance. First, Enterprise Security. Our Enterprise Security segment revenue was $639 million, reflecting an organic decline of 1% year-over-year in constant currency. As you know, we completed the sale of the WSS and PKI solutions to DigiCert at the end of October. Financial results related to these solutions for the month of October were as expected and are included as part of the overall Enterprise Security segment in Q3. Adjusted deferred revenue was up $316 million or 23% year-over-year, $88 million of which is short term and $228 million of which is long term. Implied billings was up 27% year-over-year, excluding any impact from divestitures. Please note, consistent with our disclosure around deferred revenue, we are now providing seven quarters of implied billings historical data in the Q3 Supplemental Information posted to our IR website. We believe implied billings growth is an important measure of the growth of our Enterprise business as we transition to a more ratable product mix. After taking into account the shift to more ratable business and increased contract duration for new business consistent with our cross-sell strategy, we believe our implied billings growth supports high single-digit to low double-digit Enterprise revenue growth over time. And as you will hear in my guidance comments, we are anticipating continued double-digit implied billings growth in the fourth quarter. Finally, Enterprise Security segment operating margin was 23%, up over six points year-over-year, as we continue to optimize the cost structure of the business. Turning to Consumer Digital Safety. Our Consumer Digital Safety segment revenue was $595 million and reflected organic growth of 4% year-over-year in constant currency. Moving to our Consumer metrics, which are defined in the CFO commentary: Direct customer count was 21.3 million at the end of the quarter, up slightly from Q2. Direct ARPU increased to $8.38 per month, up 4% from Q2. If you recall, we expect these direct customer statistics to represent approximately 90% of the revenue stream at any one point in time. Consumer Digital Safety operating margin was 53%. Sequentially this is a five point increase in operating margin and is in part related to marketing spending we pulled ahead into Q2, timing of investments and other efficiencies. Moving to our fourth quarter outlook. As I indicated, we are building the accelerating ratable mix shift in our Enterprise segment into our outlook and are lowering our guidance to reflect this transition. We now expect fourth quarter revenue guidance of $1.175 billion to $1.205 billion. This represents an organic growth rate of 1.5% year-over-year at the mid-point in constant currency. Enterprise revenue of $575 million to $595 million, down 4% year-over-year in organic revenue in constant currency at the mid-point due to the ratable shift in business mix. This is down sequentially from Q3 due to the WSS/PKI divestiture, which contributed over $30 million to segment revenue in Q3, as well as increased ratable business mix. As Greg indicated, our pipeline and expectations for business we will close in Q4 are higher than in Q3, but we are forecasting a higher ratable mix of business as well. Ultimately, we expect, excluding any impact from divestitures, double-digit implied billings growth year-over-year in Q4, evidencing the growth of our business and supporting our medium-term growth outlook. Consumer Digital Safety revenue of $600 million to $610 million, representing an organic growth rate in constant currency of 6% year-over-year at the mid-point, Consolidated operating margins of 33% to 34%, an effective tax rate of 26.8% and EPS of $0.37 to $0.41 on an underlying share count of 680 million fully diluted shares. Now moving to our updated fiscal year 2018 outlook. We now expect full year revenue guidance of $4.915 billion to $4.945 billion, down from our previously guided $5 billion to $5.1 billion, reflecting the transition in our Enterprise Security segment. Enterprise revenue of $2.585 billion to $2.605 billion. This represents a decline of 2% in the organic growth rate in constant currency at the mid-point. Consumer Digital Safety revenue of $2.330 billion to $2.340 billion, representing an organic growth rate in constant currency of roughly 3% year over year. Consolidated operating margins for fiscal year 2018 of approximately 34% compared to previous guidance of 35% to 36%. EPS for fiscal year 2018 of $1.60 to $1.64, compared to previous guidance of $1.66 to $1.76. Fully diluted shares of 669 million. And fiscal year 2018 cash flow from operations around the high-end of our previous guidance range of $800 million to $1 billion. Let me address our outlook for fiscal year 2019 and 2020. We believe that in fiscal year 2019 our financial model will be in transition as we evolve to a company with a higher mix of ratable revenue in our Enterprise Security segment. We continue to expect that our Consumer Digital Safety segment will grow organically in the low to mid single digits in fiscal year 2019. We expect that as we exit fiscal year 2019, our Enterprise Security segment revenue growth will be in the mid to high single digits with high visibility and growing from there. During this model transition, implied billings growth will be an important measure of the trajectory of our Enterprise Security segment. And during the transition, expect disciplined management of costs and investments across the business and strong cash flow. Our medium-term outlook, beyond fiscal year 2019, is intact, with mid to high single-digit revenue growth and EPS growth in the low teens. We continue to expect Consumer Digital Safety organic revenue growth in the low to mid single digits and Enterprise Security segment organic revenue growth in the high single to low double digits. We expect our effective tax rate will benefit from the tax reform bill and are currently estimating a rate in the 21% to 22% range. We expect to further hone our effective tax rate estimate over the next few months and we will consider reinvesting part of the savings from a lower effective tax rate as early as fiscal year 2019. We will provide our full financial outlook and specific guidance for fiscal 2019 on our fourth quarter earnings call. Let me now turn the call back over to Greg for some closing remarks.
Greg Clark: Thank you Nick. I am told I am a pretty optimistic person. In spite of our third quarter revenue miss, I have never been more excited about the opportunity ahead of Symantec. Our strategy, technology and value propositions are resonating with customers and we are executing well on our growth drivers. We are largely a service-delivered software company now. We are winning in the marketplace as customers design us into their future security architecture. We are disappointed that we did not accurately forecast the speed of the ratable mix shift in our Enterprise segment, but this transition is a long-term benefit for our business and we have good reasons for optimism about our future growth prospects. In Enterprise, our pipeline of business continues to grow. As we head into fiscal 2019, we expect to deploy even more sales capacity into the field. Our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform is resonating with customers who don't want to stitch together a portfolio of point solutions and our cloud solutions are leading the way. Our Enterprise business remains healthy with implied billing growth up 27% and deferred revenue up 23% year-over-year in the third quarter, adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures. Our Enterprise growth strategy is intact driven by the TAM we operate in, the cross-sell and upsell opportunity we have by nature of our large installed base and the sales capacity we have in the field. These drivers are expected to provide momentum to continue to support our medium-term Enterprise revenue growth outlook. Our Consumer Digital Safety has transformed into a growing business with future growth opportunities in cross-selling and international expansion. We have now set guidance at levels that reflect the Enterprise segment financial model transition, which will provide us with higher revenue visibility going forward and this entire management team and Symantec employees are focused on delivering the growth potential we have worked so hard to create. With that, Nick and I are happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from the line of Brad Zelnick from Credit Suisse.
Brad Zelnick: Thank you very much and good afternoon guys. Greg, it's great to hear the platform strategy is working and those customer examples you have shared and I appreciate you are selling a lot more product that's cloud and virtual. Where do we stand today against the $1 billion proxy refresh opportunity? And how much of it is left as we look out into next year?
GregClark: Yes. Hi Brad. Thanks for the question. So what we are seeing in that proxy refresh, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, is that we are getting a lot of that business coming in a cloud form factor, people buying that cloud version of our proxy. And in addition to that, we are seeing a strong uptick of our proxy customers really going after protecting the cloud applications with our CASB and the cloud form factor on top of the proxy stack. What that means is, we are hitting the right number of dollars in that refresh but it's coming in the cloud delivered form factor and also in a software defined networking element which is our virtual appliance, the ProxySG. So customers are picking those choices more than they used to which means we are selling less appliances, but we are in a good place with the proxy refresh and we believe that our conversion rates in the proxy refresh are strong like they were last time and our customers that purchase that from us are very happy that we have extended the value proposition of the on-premise story from four years ago to the cloud generation. And so to answer your question, we believe that proxy refresh is in good shape. But the mix has shifted to ratable form factor.
Brad Zelnick: Very helpful Greg. And just one for Nick. Nick, I am already being asked this. Just it's difficult for us to reconcile the strong enterprise billings growth with your revenue outlook. Can you give us a sense of duration on these subscription deals and how billings duration compares year-over-year or perhaps an annualized look at the business, which is how I imagine you are looking at it internally?
Nick Noviello: Sure. And Brad, thanks for the question when we are doing all of that work. So expect first of all, we are giving you the set of implied billings numbers. It's important for you to understand this is the first quarter of being able to give you a set of data here on Enterprise that allows comparability period-to-period. In terms of the overall number of 27%, that obviously in going to have in it a radical shift and it's also going to have in it some contract duration side as we cross-sell and bring these things together. You can expect to hear more from us about both of those items and more from us about how contract duration is changing period-to-period. Suffice to say, overall, we have done a good amount of work internally. We believe that overall we are supporting the overall growth rate of Enterprise that we expect over time, which is a high single, low double-digit timeframe. So more to come on that topic. Over time, we will obviously give you much more on our Q4 earnings call and into next year, but we put out a set of numbers that you can understand what implied billings are comprised of, how we calculated it and we will give more to you go-forward.
GregClark: And just to add one piece of that, Brad. We know that you need contract length. We are going to give more for you in Q4 on that. But we do have very strict adherence to standard terms for new business around contract length and also for renewal business around contract length. We also have aligned our sales commission plans with these terms. So we have incentives to keep that in the right place and we are doing work on these topics and expect to have more commentary for you following the Q4 actuals as we move into 2019. I think it's important to note that Q3 marks the second quarter of us selling our Integrated Cyber Defense package which is the integration between a lot of the Symantec elements and Blue Coat elements. So we have a couple of quarters of actuals that we are happy with how our sales force has been behaving against that standard terms.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Saket Kalia from Barclays Capital.
Saket Kalia: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my questions here. First maybe for you, Greg. I think most of us get the increase in mix of subscription and the impact to rev rec. But just to make sure we address the headline lowering on Enterprise revenue, can you comment at all on whether you saw a change in win rates in any part of the Enterprise business?
GregClark: I think there is a lot of products in our Enterprise business and I think it's important just to focus on couple of those elements. We are seeing a really strong uptake in the initial release of our EDR capabilities and what we call SEP 14.1. That is the SEP 14.1 with our ATP package, that is going well in our endpoint install base. And we are also seeing a very strong uptake of the DLP attachment to our CloudStack which is very, very good business for us. We have a big DLP installed base and that is very strong market force that's happening, especially in the limelight of compliance issues in GDPR. Outside of that, I think we are selling an Integrated Cyber Defense package. It is a bundle of components. And I tried to talk about in the examples in my prepared remarks that when we do go in and sell a set of those products that we are seeing a larger proportion of the ratable form factor of those. A comment on that, I think is helpful in terms of understanding what's doing well. When we offer a customer an appliance form factor or a very powerful virtual appliance form factor, we are seeing more propensity to purchase the more flexible deployment model that you get from the software defined side. And in addition to that, because we have such a good growth in the cloud area, we are seeing things like our cloud DLP carrying good work. So it's more mix shift and we are very happy with the total level of selling volume in Q3. We sold what we thought we were going to sell and probably the major product lines that our growth prospects were on fed well in that. And as you can see, it's hard on the conference call to talk about each separate product line, because there are quite a few very elaborate set of elements to our Integrated Cyber Defense. Hopefully that's helpful.
Saket Kalia: Yes. Absolutely. Maybe from a follow-up, maybe for you, Nick. First of all, thank you for the billings numbers in Enterprise. Can you talk about what percentage of those billings are now coming in ratably versus historical? And then also looking forward, where did that mix could sort of top out?
Nick Noviello: Sure. Good question. So I think, first of all, thinking about Q3, okay. When we came into Q3, we planned a set of business. We talked about a set of business that was moving more ratable in Q2. And we looked at pipeline. We applied that ratable by the end of Q2 into our guidance for Q3. Just for context, the ratable mix of business moved five point between our forecast for Q3 and the end result, okay. So that's a good size chunk. Our ratable business is now over 80%. So that's on the bookings billing side as it comes in. So think about that as over 80%. So it's substantial. But we also built into Q4, we built not only that but an increasing ratable mix into our overall revenue guide. So we are trying to be thoughtful about this not only in terms of the acceleration from Q2 through to Q3, but also being conscious that this is a selling motion and as Greg indicated this is working out very well with customers and we are going to move in this direction.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Sarah Hindlian from Macquarie.
Sarah Hindlian: All right. Great. Thank you very much. A couple of questions for you guys. I would love to hear about how the DigiCert's JV is progressing? What's going on over there? And how you are thinking about that going forward to start with? And then I have a couple other follow-ups as well.
Nick Noviello: Okay. Hi Sarah. So let me start with the DigiCert side of the fence and I am sure Greg might add some comments to this as well. So we obviously closed the transaction in the quarter. You will see in the math here that we have about $35 million of revenue inside the Enterprise segment from the business before it transitioned across. We are in the servicing of TSA world now. We are in the area where TSAs are starting to come off. We have got more planned over time. So going well operationally. Obviously, they are working on the business on their front as well. And Greg maybe has some comments on that. We do not have built into this guidance anything in terms of the equity interest. We are new in the industry. We don't have any numbers yet. So it's impossible to build it in. We would be watching that and then as we exit the fiscal year, we will give you a perspective on how we are going to build the equity interest into the numbers and what you should be thinking about.
GregClark: And I think, Sarah, the transition from an operations point of view of the team and the infrastructure and stuff over to DigiCert and then getting going into the market, that's in great hands over there. They are excellent as to what they do and the cornerstone of the Symantec team is there and they are continuing to meet their deliverables. We are a customer of it and we have seen nothing wrong. So we think that's going well in the market. The 900 pound gorilla of stricter authorities now and I think they have a good future ahead.
Sarah Hindlian: Okay. Thank you Greg. And just one to more follow-up with you on, we have got a couple of quarters of LifeLock under the belt now and you obviously have some benefits from the Equifax data breach. But I would love to hear about how the go-to-market is going? And what customer retention and reception is around the bundled identity and endpoint protection suite together?
GregClark: Yes. I think I would say, I would praise internal team on the LifeLock/Norton integration work. That has going extremely well. And we did have a very good quarter, as you can see in our results. And I think we are expecting to see another great result in Q4. But just in general, that package is extremely valued by the consumer community. We saw, as reported in our remarks, a slight increase in subscribers and if you go back 18 months ago and have a look at what was happening in the business at that point in time, that was different. And we are seeing really promising conversion rates at renewal, between when we present the bundled offering to either side of the cohort whether it be the LifeLock side or the Norton side. So we do think that we are going to see a stable business there going forward.
Sarah Hindlian: Okay. Great. Thank you both very much.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley.
Melissa Franchi: Hi. Thanks. This is Melissa Franchi, calling in for Keith. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to dig into, again, the transition to ratable. I am just trying to understand what's driving the meaningful inflection over the past few quarters to ratable? Is it largely customer preference? Or are you doing anything internally to either inciting your sales force or the customer base to move to more subscriptions? And then the follow-up to that is just over what time period do you think this transition will be fully complete?
GregClark: Okay. So thanks for the question, Melissa. And let me start up on the first part. So what we are offering when we go into a customer is, don't think of it as we are showing up with a bunch of Blue Coat products and then a bunch of Symantec products. We are showing up with an integrated product suite. So we have really done the work to integrate the important elements of our proxy stack with the key pieces of the Symantec portfolio. And to give you an example, if we want to take care of the PII compliance in cloud applications for Enterprise customers, which is a very strong market right now. We come to the customer with an offering that says you can put that in on-premise proxies. Or you we can put that in our cloud proxies. And it's integrated with the DLP. We have a cloud DLP module and you can get it integrated with our multifactor authenticator which is our VIP product. And when we show up with those things integrated and ready to go, what were seeing is, our customers are picking the cloud form factor of that and the virtual appliance form factor that way more often than we thought they were going to. We thought we might see in some that even in the more regulated industries we are seeing the cloud adoption faster than we thought. And when we looked at what's in the bill of materials in the pipelines and we see the big elements of that in there, that is what is getting us to advise the community that we see this as a long-term trend and we are taking down that we are increasing the ratable software percentage in the business in their long-term models to accommodate for that. But it really is customer choice and the fact that we have integrated product sets together in a way that is very compelling. And when you see that, you don't have to buy an appliance and deploy it and you don't have to go and do a bunch of work and you turn it on just like you do it at software delivered as a service, it is winning in the market. And that is where we think is long-term trend value proposition strong and we think, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are a service delivered software company.
Nick Noviello: And so Melissa maybe -- yes, sorry, go ahead.
Melissa Franchi: No, no. You go ahead.
Nick Noviello: I was going to indicate that, so in my prepared remarks, we talked about the transition. So we are in the transition and you might have heard a few minutes ago I indicated that our percentage or proportion of ratable businesses is up over 80% as we plan for this and we gave a guidance for this fourth quarter. Obviously as we then think about the revenue side of the fence, we roll through a period of time where we are transitioning off of a product sale in quarter that has heavy in-quarter revenue contribution to that ratable business. And we think that is the transition that is through fiscal 2019 and I talked about in the prepared remarks that we really think we will see the revenue growth side of that in the back or as we exit fiscal year 2019, back to that mid to high. And that supports going from there the high single to low double topline of the Enterprise that we look at on our medium term as in a FY 2020 type of forecast.
Melissa Franchi: Okay.
GregClark: Melissa, when we get to the fourth quarter announcement, we will print another quarter and we will be able to give you some really good indications of how we think that's going to go.
Melissa Franchi: Okay. Great. Just one quick follow-up for Nick. As I just to revisit the guidance at the Analyst Day for operating margins, I think you guided to over 30% operating margins in the Enterprise business in FY 2019, FY 2020. Does that still hold true just given the increased mix to ratable or any other factors?
Nick Noviello: So that's a good question. And one of the things that we have to be thoughtful about is obviously the transition and what does that mean in terms of topline revenue. And regardless of the very good cost management we have in place here, our topline revenue that is impacted by in-quarter versus ratable is going to have some implications to operating margin. The other thing to think about and the other thing that we are being thoughtful about is the implications of tax reform. And in my prepared remarks, I indicated that we have a substantial reduction in our ETR to we are estimating right now in the 21%, 22% range. So we need to look at that as well in terms of potential for reinvestment in certain areas of the business as we go. The final thing I would probably have you just keep in mind is that, back at Financial Analyst Day, we had, let's say, security and PKI in the numbers. So we had updated that Enterprise operating margin perspective between then and now. But suffice to say there is a couple of things to keep in mind there if I net it all out, you should keep in mind overall we have done a lot of work here on cost side in terms of cost optimization. We have achieved all of our targets on the cost side of the fence. That is part of the perspective that Greg bring into the firm. So you should expect that we are very focused on that. However, we will look at the tax reform as one opportunity to look at some of that for reinvestment as others certainly are talking about.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Gabriela Borges from Goldman Sachs.
Gabriela Borges: Great. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. My first question is for Nick. I wanted to revisit the pricing scenarios that you put forth at the Analyst Day where we looked at the appliance dollars with maintenance and we looked at the subscription model dollars over time. Could you just remind us when do you breakeven versus the old model of selling on the subscription side? And are there scenarios where the virtual form factors are expanding these cases that you can address at existing customers or perhaps moving down market at all?
Nick Noviello: Yes. So good question. So in that Financial Analyst Day, we were talking about up to a four year type of breakeven term. And we are looking at those form factors at the time knowing that in Q4, we had announced that we had completed the technological side of the fence as equaling the capability, whether it be VA or cloud or physical. I would say and one of the things that Greg talked about in his prepared remarks, is that the opportunity with the integration of products has really created a nice cross-sell on motion here and that is certainly one of the reasons in one of the areas that's accelerating this move towards ratable.
GregClark: I think to answer your down market question on some of the new offerings we have, we did some announcements in the quarter that, I think, are really powerful. We announced a product in AWS. We announce a product in Azure. We announced a product in the Google Cloud. And we also have a SEP cloud product which is being represented by Tier 1 telecom companies that was also announced. That is bringing very powerful technology to a midmarket and even small market where you can get the power of the Symantec Endpoint Protection for cloud managed and that is a route that is definitely enhanced by some of those new products. Over time, we do hope to rebuild our prior dominance in the small because we have some very, very strong product there. And some of our competitors didn't fare well in the malware crisis amongst those kind of companies that really don't have an IT staff. We also have made good progress with some of the managed security service providers. We announced a very good deal with Airtel in India bringing that product set into the top few thousand customers in India with them. So I think the ability for us to deliver in cloud does open up easier routes to deployment and near customer segments.
Gabriela Borges: That's helpful. And Greg, as a follow-up, you mentioned a couple of big examples during your prepared remarks on cross-sell deals. I am curios, when you look collectively across the over 9,000 direct accounts that you have as a company, where you think the biggest patterns emerge on cross-sell? It sounds like a lot of it is proxy and DLP. Are there other areas or other product lines that you think are cross-selling particularly well?
GregClark: So I think we have got really strong traction with the proxy stack, CASB, DLP, multifactor auth and then upselling that into ability to process email. That is a great set of stuff where you have got to go get four vendors today and you can get one and it's a real crisis on cloud compliance right now and that's in that, top cohort. That's great. That is a really strong piece of business for us. And some of the examples we can see were like that. The other area which is great is, we are having in a pretty good time right now picking up the other adjacencies to the endpoint market. And the reason why, we won the Gartner Magic Quadrant this year on both the vision and executions not just because we are big and we can do a lot. We actually got there on ability to deliver a feature set that's relevant right now. We are now able with one agent to go in and take down all of the EDR pieces as well as the deception and then we can come back and then cross-sell our DLP endpoint in there as well. And later on as we talked about when we announced the Symantec Blue Coat merger, we will be delivering a very strong integration of that endpoint without proxy stack as well. We think that's the on ramp to the cloud for the future. And that's a really nice place for us as we have got in that cross-sell. We have got a number of angles that fit that sort of top 10,000 accounts and we have a sales force. And I think the number one thing that gave me a lot of conviction about Q3 was, could our sales force sell it. And the answer to that is, our sales force did sell it and you can see it in those billings numbers. And for those of you that as Sarah said, let's talked about the term, we know and we are going get you that data.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of John DiFucci from Jefferies. I am sorry. Your line is open.
John DiFucci: Can you me okay?
GregClark: Hi John. Yes, you can go ahead.
John DiFucci: Hi Greg and Nick, both. I guess this questions is for both of you. So just one second. Sorry. We sort of get the mix shift and we really appreciate all the data you gave us. So we will get through that. We will go through that. It will take a little bit of time. But I guess I had two questions regarding that. I guess the first one is one that I keep getting emails from people on and I think it's a fair question. You gave guidance for this quarter a full month into the quarter. So given, at least my understanding of how deals close, especially with the Enterprise, it's just a little surprising that this would surprise you given when we gave guidance at that point that the quarter would shift that quickly in the last two months the quarter. So if you can just talk a little bit about that? And then secondly, if you have a customer who has been a proxy appliance user and he decides to go to cloud-based solutions or any sort of moving from anything to sort of a subscription, especially though when you have an appliance, what do you have to consider, if he is doing his job, consider alternative solutions at that point since he is making a change anyway? And I guess, how do you manage that risk?
GregClark: So let me take the last question first, John and I will pass it back over to Nick to give you some insights. So every time there is a set of proxies that come up for refresh and these dates are published on a website, everything that are on the planet tries to come in there and get those. Last time this happened, same thing, they even built webpages for it. So it's a competitive situation. And that's just the way it is. But switching it out is a little more difficult than just going to get a new one. There is policies in there that you have got to go change and all that kind of things. What we have done with the Blue Coat proxy data, is we have virtual appliances that are ratable that if you put them on the right underlying hardware platform with the right network stuff that was built for virtual machines, they are capacity comparable to a ProxySG piece of hardware. So those do move from hardware to virtual because it's easier for people to deal with than in their big VMware installations and things like that. Then we get the reason why people would buy more capacity. Often it is the roaming users and the roaming users are being picked up by the cloud form factor more often than not. And when they add the ability to take care of cloud applications through things like CASB, they actually prefer that that runs in an Amazon kind of instantiation. So we do see what would be the traditional upsell in a refresh being ratable in a pretty strong way. And then the last Blue Coat refresh, we picked up a lot of the other adjacencies at the time which were like the malware analyzers and the decryptors and that kind of stuff. The adjacencies in this refresh are the CASBs and the roaming user pieces which are all cloud based. So again, it is competitive. I think the other thing when people rely on channel checks to see how much the box movers are moving boxes, box move is not as relevant anymore as they used to be in this because there is SLAs and MSAs. And so the routes to some of the stuff is different than it was a few years ago, okay.
John DiFucci: Yes. That's pretty helpful.
GregClark: That will be in the fourth quarter.
Nick Noviello: Let me talk to you about that real quick. So John, you will recall, in our last quarter call we indicated that it's coming when we had a bigger pipeline. Coming into Q3, we had a bigger pipeline and we applied all the knowledge we had from Q2, i.e. ratable shift, linearity, et cetera, to that pipeline to come up with our numbers in our guidance range. And obviously there is a lot of detail that goes on and a lot of work that goes on around that. However, we also had back-end loaded quarters. And with back-end loaded quarters and what we indicated on that call last time, larger transactions, those can move from a product license based transaction to a ratable transaction. And when they do, that's going to impact. So we had an acceleration of that ratable mix and that acceleration happened in the end of the quarter and that's the net impact we have here. So we apply all of our logic to this and it accelerated in the quarter and that's what I was describing on a few of those other questions. We are trying to, obviously be thoughtful about that as we go forward. And there is really two things we are doing. Number one is, even more work scrutiny et cetera on the pipe and on the transaction that we are looking at for quarter what we know, what size those transaction are, et cetera. But in addition, we have not only taken just where the ratable got to, we are increasing that and we are increasing our expectations on ratable business because obviously we don't like being in a place where the forecast doesn't work out either. So we have made some additional changes to the go-forward.
GregClark: Guys, we really take full responsibility and apologize for not getting that right. We have talked about mix on the conference calls a number of times while we have been in transformation of Symantec. We talked about when we mixed lots of line items together on the same purchase order, it hurts what would be the in-period pieces of that. If you put a discount on it, it gets cut back into the maintenance pieces. We talked about the fact that we got it wrong and we saw more cloud and we did not expect to see the volumes that happened and that is definitely something that we are seriously doing better on now.
Operator: And at this time I am showing we have no further questions. Presenters, I turn it back to you for closing remarks.
Cynthia Hiponia: Great. Thank you everyone for joining us this afternoon. And we look forward to updating you again on our next call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude Symantec's fiscal third quarter 2018 earnings call. We thank you greatly for your participation. You may now disconnect. Presenters, please hold the line.

===== 2018 Q2  (2017-11-01 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Nate Pollack - Symantec Corp. Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp. Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.
Analysts: Sarah Hindlian - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc. Joel P. Fishbein - BTIG LLC Brad Alan Zelnick - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Keith Eric Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Ian, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Symantec's Second Quarter Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I'd now turn the call over to Mr. Nate Pollack. Sir, you may begin.
Nate Pollack - Symantec Corp.: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our call to discuss our second quarter fiscal year 2018 earnings results. We've posted the earnings materials and prepared remarks to our Investor Relations Events webpage. Speakers on today's call are Greg Clark, Symantec's CEO, and Nick Noviello, Executive Vice President and CFO. This is a live call that will be available for replay via webcast on our website. I'd like to remind everyone that all references to financial metrics are non-GAAP, unless otherwise stated. Please refer to the CFO commentary posted on the Investor Relations website for further definitions of our non-GAAP metrics. Please note, non-GAAP financial measures referenced during this call are reconciled to their comparable GAAP financial measure in the press release and supplemental materials posted on our website. We believe our presentation of non-GAAP financial measures, when taken together with corresponding GAAP financial measures, provides meaningful supplemental information regarding our operating performance for reasons discussed below. Our management team uses those non-GAAP financial measures in assessing our operating results, as well as when planning, forecasting and annualizing future periods. We believe our non-GAAP financial measures also facilitate comparisons of our performance to prior periods and that investors benefit from understanding of the non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures are supplemental and should not be considered a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Today's call contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current date and, as such, involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information. You will also find a detailed discussion about our risk factors in our filings with the SEC and, in particular, on our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year ended March 31, 2017. Now I'd like to introduce our CEO, Greg Clark. Go ahead, Greg.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Thank you for joining us, and good afternoon. Q2 represented a strong quarter for Symantec and marks an inflection point in our journey of transformation. Our results came in at the mid-point of our revenue guidance and the lower end of our EPS guidance. With that said, we are very pleased with our Q2 results. Let me explain why. First, we completed many critical milestones this last quarter, including our $550 million Symantec and Blue Coat cost reduction and integration synergy program, as well as our year one $30 million LifeLock synergies. These cost reduction milestones were all achieved ahead of schedule and have resulted in significantly improved margins for our Enterprise segment and continued high margins for our Consumer segment. Yesterday, we also completed the divestiture of our Website Security and PKI solutions to DigiCert, which enhances our long-term growth potential and sharpens our focus. After the completion of these transformational initiatives, Symantec is now a profitable and growing business across both its Enterprise and Consumer segments. Our Enterprise business had a strong result in Q2. While Q2 revenue was flat from a year ago on an acquisition adjusted basis, deferred revenue for our Enterprise segment grew 12% year-over-year. We've also delivered 11 points of operating margin improvement in the Enterprise segment from a year ago, moving us towards our longer-term margin targets. Our cross-selling strategy is working. More and more customers are choosing to standardize on our Integrated Cyber Defense platform because of our superior protection, cross-product integration, and lower overall cost of ownership. Adoption of our Integrated Cyber Defense platform is leading to an increase in the number of larger and multi-product deals, which is a strong validation that customers are designing Symantec into their future security architectures. These trends are however also affecting our in-period revenue recognition. The mix of our bookings is shifting towards more ratable revenue recognition as customers are increasingly adopting our cloud, subscription and virtual appliance products in multi-product deals. We anticipated this mix shift in our remarks at our last Financial Analyst Day, but the shift is happening faster than we expected. Although these trends affected in-quarter revenue recognition for our Enterprise segment in Q2, they are positive leading indicators of future growth. Nick will discuss this topic further in his prepared remarks. Our Consumer Digital Safety segment overachieved our Q2 revenue guidance through growth in direct subscribers and an increase in ARPU. Norton subscriber declines continued to moderate based on improved customer retention. We added a substantial number of new LifeLock members after the Equifax breach was announced in September, but this only marginally contributed to Q2 results. The cross-sell of the Digital Safety solution into the Norton install base is on track and we expect it to gain momentum through the remainder of the fiscal year. Based on our confidence in the Consumer business, we are forecasting higher Consumer segment revenue growth for the second half, exiting fiscal year 2018 in the mid-single digit revenue growth. We're extremely excited about the future of our Consumer segment as we continue to define the new category of Digital Safety. For the second half of fiscal 2018, Symantec is well-positioned to achieve our plans. We have integrated our acquisitions and we have developed a compelling portfolio across Enterprise and Consumer. Our Enterprise sales capacity is now ramped and productive. And we have an Enterprise sales pipeline that supports our second half growth target, including a record number of deals over eight figures. Reaching our goals for the second half incorporates continued historical conversion rates of our pipeline, including these larger sales opportunities, and we are reaffirming our fiscal year 2018 revenue and EPS guidance, after adjusting for the impact of the divestiture of our Website Security and PKI solutions to DigiCert. Let me now discuss the threat environment. Last quarter, there were several major cyber-attacks that received wide-spread public attention. Symantec products fared very well in these incidents, and that performance has driven increased long-term interest in Symantec as well as reaffirmed our relevance and leadership in the industry. First, the Petya and WannaCry ransomware attacks caused significant and unprecedented economic damage to enterprises measured in hundreds of millions of dollars, making security top of mind in the board room as well as the general public. Ransomware attacks and cyber extortion are impacting enterprises as well as consumers. During the first six months of 2017, 42% of ransomware infections globally occurred inside the enterprise, up from 30% in 2016 and 29% in 2015. The Equifax breach was also a significant event last quarter, reminding all of us about the importance of digital safety. The Equifax breach is also a reminder for the enterprise boardroom that the protection of data is paramount. This reality coupled with regulations like GDPR make data protection more relevant than ever. A significant consumer concern discovered last month labeled the KRACK vulnerability, which consisted of a vulnerability in WiFi devices, makes it possible for an attacker to intercept Web traffic. This vulnerability is very difficult to patch and as a result will be a problem for years to come driving demand for our consumer VPN. We're also seeing a current trend of adversaries focusing on mobile devices. In October, our threat research team discovered eight apps on the Google Play store allowing the modification of characters in Minecraft Pocket Edition, but these apps actually contained a malware called Sockbot. The apps have been quietly building a botnet as well as generating ad revenue for the creators. We believe up to 2.6 million Android devices have downloaded and been infected with the Sockbot malware. We recently released our Mobile Threat Intelligence report that found that unpatched operating system vulnerabilities are prevalent in mobile. We predict that in the near future mobile cyberattacks will be the primary attack vector, even on closed operating systems, bolstering the demand for our recent acquisition of Skycure. In September, the Symantec threat research team uncovered new activity by the Dragonfly attack group, which has recently been conducting reconnaissance into the operations of energy firms, allowing them to now potentially sabotage and disrupt power distribution. This is an example of how our Symantec threat research team is a leader in discovering new threats and providing critical threat intelligence needed to block sophisticated attacks. Symantec has helped protect customers across the breadth of these threats and delivered substantial value to them during one of the most active attack quarters on record. Now turning to our Enterprise business. Our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform is resonating with customers. As enterprises are rethinking their security architecture to deal with the evolving threat landscape, they are increasingly building their strategic security capabilities around Symantec. Now let's turn to a strategic component of our Integrated Cyber Defense platform, which is our endpoint. Last year, we laid out our roadmap for innovation on endpoint, and we have delivered on these commitments with SEP 14 as the cornerstone. Our latest major milestones were our releases last week of SEP 14.1, SEP Mobile, and ATP 3.0, our updated EDR product. With these releases, we're now delivering defense in depth across modern and traditional endpoints, providing an integrated, scalable, multilayer approach to endpoint protection that is delivered from a single agent. We are the first in the industry to deliver deception, mobile threat detection and EDR in a single agent architecture. This achievement has been high on the wish list for our enterprise customers, who have been suffering fatigue from sourcing and managing different endpoint technologies across multiple vendors. This also simplifies and optimizes enterprise IT environments, lowers costs, and improves security posture. SEP 14.1 represents a major new milestone for our Symantec Endpoint Protection product line and includes some breakthrough innovations. It helps our customers improve their security posture providing them actionable intelligence into suspicious files in their environment, and allows them to set aggressive protection policies for specific groups and devices. One key innovation in SEP 14.1 is our new Deception technology. SEP Deception uses sophisticated decoy to help customers uncover hidden adversaries who have been able to evade other defenses. We believe we're the only security vendor with this advanced technology integrated in our endpoint portfolio. SEP 14.1 product continues to be well received with more than one third of our endpoint customer base now running SEP 14, which is resulting in improved renewal rates. We're also seeing displacements accelerate against both legacy and next-gen endpoint providers. Our EDR solution, called ATP, has seen strong growth of 3x from a year ago, and we are now at over 7 million seats. ATP 3.0 further differentiates us adding a series of technology including file-less attack detection and enhanced adversary intelligence, and closes the gap versus our competition with flight recorder functionality. This flight recorder records all activity on the endpoint and provides valuable forensic data to incident responders with no new agent to install. We also introduced EDR Cloud last quarter for customers to quickly perform agentless scanning and automated investigation in environments without SEP. Adding to our endpoint differentiation, we now have the ability to defend closed operating systems. With the acquisition of Skycure, we now call SEP Mobile, we are a leader in iOS and Android mobile protection. SEP Mobile delivers multi-layered protection for mobile endpoints to customers to defend BYOD and corporate devices from advanced threats across Android, iOS, and Windows. We've also successfully integrated Skycure with our Global Intelligence Network, and we are already seeing great value from this data integration for our customers. Now turning to our network defense solutions. Symantec's secure gateway and Fireglass isolation technology differentiates our Integrated Cyber Defense platform. Isolation is a game-changer in threat defense and is available in cloud, on-premise, and hybrid configurations. The Internet is quickly going dark from encryption, which drives the need for Symantec across endpoint, email, and web. To this point, proxies are becoming more relevant as they are built to decrypt traffic efficiently and eliminate the encryption blind spot. In line with the increasing adoption of cloud applications in the enterprise, our cloud access security broker is experiencing rapid growth. Cloud access security brokers are an outstanding control for adding data protection and multi-factor authentication to cloud applications delivering security and compliance to our enterprise customers. Now for some customer examples that illustrate our Integrated Cyber Defense platform adoption. A large insurance company facing a proxy refresh chose to adopt the Integrated Cyber Defense platform extending their footprint from on-premise proxies to include the cloud proxy and adding on additional defensive capabilities of CASB, isolation, and sandbox components of our platform. This was driven by the ability to leverage integrations across these core solutions as well as integrating into their existing SEP endpoint deployment. This is a true platform win for Symantec, and showcases our cross-sell execution at the time of proxy refresh and how we mitigate against competitive loss from point vendors. Another example where we see traction is with vendor consolidation. Customers can avoid the overhead of integration and sustainment across multiple vendors by choosing to adopt our Integrated Cyber Defense platform. Stitching together a portfolio of point solutions is typically complex, risky, expensive and fragile. For example, a large medical device manufacturer who has been a long-time Symantec DLP customer, but an endpoint customer of one of our competitors, understood our vision and was impressed with our Integrated Cyber Defense platform. They purchased SEP, encryption, CASB, and cloud DLP, and cloud proxy for more than 30,000 seats. We were selected not only for technology innovation but also for our cross-product integrations, which this customer concluded will improve their security posture, simplify their IT environment, lower their total costs and increase their SOC productivity. Another example of vendor consolidation we are seeing involved one of Europe's largest retailers. This customer had been heavily invested in Symantec DLP and ProxySG, but last quarter purchased SEP and email.Cloud for more than 20,000 seats, displacing an incumbent competitor for endpoint and email. The customer chose us for our solid EDR capabilities in a single agent and they saw Symantec as a partner for their journey to Office 365. Q2 is typically a large government spending quarter. I'm pleased that we saw solid federal procurement for our portfolio. We closed several large deals with defense and government customers looking to build their security capabilities around Symantec. Moving to Consumer Digital Safety. With our acquisition of LifeLock, and the launch of Norton Core and our WiFi privacy solution, we have created the digital safety category that spans across consumers' devices and information, and extends to protect consumers' identity. The consumer threat landscape is evolving and demonstrates why consumers need a single partner in digital safety to protect their devices, identity, and home. LifeLock continues to have the strongest brand recognition for both identity protection and remediation. Many of our new customers stated that the Equifax breach was the proverbial last straw. They knew what LifeLock was, knew they eventually wanted it, but were postponing adoption of an identity protection solution. When the breach happened, they signed up for LifeLock. This speaks volumes to the strong brand recognition for LifeLock. One of the investment themes we discussed at the time of the LifeLock acquisition was the opportunity to cross-sell LifeLock into the Norton cohort. We're pleased with the solid early traction from our cross-selling campaign that launched in mid-September. We will have more to share on the progress of our cross-sell efforts when we discuss our Q3 results. We also remain excited about the opportunity to expand LifeLock into overseas markets. Our Norton product continues to be more relevant than ever and customer retention continues to improve. Recent headlines underscore that we are the most trusted brand in consumer security, which was reflected in our strong customer retention rate last quarter. As we spoke earlier, last month's KRACK vulnerability in the WiFi protocol highlights the importance of VPNs for consumers and how this is an important element for digital safety. We're seeing continued strong momentum in sales of our Norton WiFi VPN product. We also rolled out Norton Core last quarter. It has been well-received in the market and we will be expanding our rollout this quarter. The transformation of our Consumer segment is succeeding. We have exceeded our expected first half growth, adjusted for acquisition, as we laid out at Financial Analyst Day last June. We've transitioned our Consumer business from being focused on Norton Security for the PC and the Mac to a much broader digital safety solution and value proposition for the consumer. Our strategy is working and we expect we will be significantly ramping the expansion of Digital Safety over the next two quarters. In summary, we believe our Integrated Cyber Defense platform and Consumer Digital Safety vision is resonating more than ever with customers and we are leading with cutting-edge innovation across both segments. Now let me turn the call over to Nick to discuss the financials.
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: Thank you Greg and good afternoon everyone. I'd like to remind everyone that all references to financial metrics are non-GAAP, unless otherwise stated. Please note we've posted supplemental materials and CFO commentary to our Investor Relations website. There are a set of topics and highlights I would like to walk through with you today. First, I'll review our fiscal Q2 results. Second, we will run through the significant milestone we have reached in our cost reduction and integration synergy initiatives. Third, with the announcement of the divestiture of our Website Security and PKI solutions on our earnings call last quarter, I shared with you a framework around how the financial impact of the divestiture worked. Now, with the transaction closed, I will update you on the impact of the divestiture to our fiscal year 2018 and Q3 guidance. Finally, with all of these elements understood, I will close and reiterate our medium term outlook. Let me start with an overview of our financial results for Q2. Our second quarter revenue was $1.276 billion, at about the midpoint of our prior revenue guidance range, including a slight foreign currency benefit versus our prior guidance. Let me give you the statistics for revenue growth in constant currency adjusted for acquisitions. Total year-over-year revenue growth was flat, at the low end of our prior guidance range. Year-over-year revenue growth was comprised of Consumer Digital Safety segment revenue growth of more than 1%, over the high end of our prior guidance range, and flat revenue in our Enterprise segment, at the low end of our prior guidance range. At the same time, year-over-year deferred revenue adjusted for purchase accounting, acquisitions, and divestitures was flat in our Consumer Digital Safety segment, and up 12% in our Enterprise Security segment. We look at the combination of in-quarter recognized revenue and deferred revenue as a strong indicator of the health of our business segments. To be clear, Q2 business results in our Enterprise segment were as planned, with sales capacity in place and delivering, but included a higher mix of ratable business. This resulted in less in-quarter recognized revenue, and more revenue deferred to the balance sheet. This has follow on impact to in quarter revenue, margins and EPS, but is a tailwind to revenue going forward. Operating margin for the second quarter was 34%, at the low end of our prior guidance range of 34% to 36%. Overall spending finished on track for the quarter, despite increased marketing costs in our Consumer Digital Safety segment and headwinds from M&A and divestiture related costs, which totaled approximately $20 million. Fully diluted shares outstanding was lower by 4 million shares at 666 million shares relative to our prior Q2 guidance of 670 million shares, partially due to less dilution from our convertible notes driven by a lower share price. Please see the dilution tables posted to our Investor Relations website where you can see the impact to diluted share count from the convertible notes at various stock prices. Fully diluted earnings per share was $0.40, at the low end of our prior guidance range, impacted by the mix of lower in-quarter recognized revenue versus deferred revenue in our Enterprise Security segment, and approximately $0.02 from the combination of increased marketing costs in our Consumer Digital Safety segment, and headwinds from M&A and divestiture related costs. Finally, cash flow from operating activities during the quarter was $177 million and CapEx was $25 million. Now let's discuss in more detail our Q2 operating segment performance. First, Enterprise Security. Our Enterprise Security segment revenue was $701 million and grew 14% year-over-year on a constant currency basis. As you know, our Enterprise Security segment also incorporates the financial results of the Website Security and PKI solutions we have now sold to DigiCert. We did not ultimately account for the sale as discontinued operations, so the financial results related to these solutions are included as part of the overall Enterprise segment in Q2, and incorporated on the balance sheet as assets and liabilities held for sale. We have included a set of information in the CFO commentary on our Investor Relations website to assist you in your modeling. Overall, Enterprise Security segment revenue growth in constant currency adjusted for acquisitions was flat year-over-year, and up 1% excluding our Website Security and PKI solutions. At the same time, Enterprise Security adjusted deferred revenue was up 12% year-over-year. Enterprise Business activity was strong, and in-line with our expectations; however, we experienced a greater mix of large, more ratable cross-sell transactions in the quarter. Our customers are embracing our Integrated Cyber Defense platform and are building it into their IT and security architectures for the long term. To the degree, business did not show up as in quarter recognized revenue, we expect it will show up in deferred revenue and cash flow, consistent with this quarter. And with respect to our financial model, more ratable business creates greater visibility for the long term. We continue to have a robust Enterprise pipeline and are confident in our visibility for fiscal 2018 second half business, which, as we have indicated previously, also incorporates the refresh of Symantec's secure web gateway franchise, ProxySG. That said, we expect to experience some continued variability between in quarter recognized revenue and deferred revenue, which we will disclose as part of earnings each quarter. Finally, Enterprise Security operating margin was 23%, up 11 points year-over-year, reflecting our success in continuing to take out costs while growing the business. Turning to Consumer Digital Safety. Our Consumer Digital Safety segment revenue was $575 million and grew 42% year-over-year on a constant currency basis. Consumer Digital Safety revenue grew more than 1% year-over-year in constant currency adjusted for acquisitions, and adjusted deferred revenue was flat. This is the second consecutive quarter of growth and above the high end of our Q2 revenue guidance of flat to plus 1% growth. Outperformance in the quarter was driven by LifeLock revenues, which grew double digits year-over-year, and continued stabilization in Norton, which declined 3% year-over-year, compared to a decline of 5% in the prior year. Going forward, we anticipate our customer base to be transitioning to the digital safety solution and growth rates for each product line will be less discernable. As a result, we do not plan to provide revenue growth split out for LifeLock and Norton in the future. We added a substantial number of new LifeLock members after the Equifax breach was announced in September. Since these new members joined in the last several weeks of the second quarter, we saw minimal revenue contribution from them in Q2, but expect to see the benefit in future periods. Moving to our Consumer metrics, which are defined in the CFO commentary. Direct customer count was 21.3 million at the end of the quarter, up 1% from Q1 o Direct ARPU increased to $8.07 per month, up 3% from Q1. If you recall, we expect these direct customer statistics to represent approximately 90% of the revenue stream at any one point in time. And, partner revenue was $61 million. Finally, Consumer Digital Safety operating margin was 47%, consistent with our strong Q1 margin. Turning to the balance sheet and capital allocation. At the end of the fiscal second quarter, we had $2 billion in cash and short-term investments and $6.3 billion in gross debt, including $1.75 billion of convertible notes. In October, we prepaid $380 million of principal on our senior term loans to further deleverage the balance sheet. And as a reminder, we have $800 million remaining under our current share repurchase authorization from our Board of Directors. Let me now pivot to talk about our cost reduction and integration synergy initiatives. I'm pleased to share that we've successfully executed ahead of schedule on the $400 million net cost reduction commitment announced in Q1 FY 2017 and the $150 million of Blue Coat integration synergies committed to at the acquisition announcement. In the Consumer segment, we've also already achieved our committed fiscal year 2018 acquisition cost synergies, and we're leveraging the combined marketing budgets of LifeLock and Norton to drive our Digital Safety strategy and reduce the cost of customer acquisition. As seen in our operating margins, our business is operating more efficiently than just a year ago, and we continue to drive cost efficiency and optimization actions. As we look to fiscal year 2019, we continue to expect our cash commitments related to restructuring and transition costs to decline materially from this year. Now, let me further discuss the sale of our Website Security and related PKI solutions to DigiCert. We successfully closed the transaction yesterday and received approximately $960 million in cash proceeds and a 27% common stock ownership interest in DigiCert after giving effect to employee equity incentives. We plan to use the transaction proceeds, net of expected taxes and expenses, primarily to repay debt. We will account for our ownership stake under the equity method of investment. Through the second quarter, the financial results from the Website Security and PKI solutions were included in our Enterprise Security segment results. For Q3, the month of October will be included in Enterprise segment results. We've provided more information regarding the historical revenues for the Website Security and PKI solutions in our supplemental materials posted on our Investor Relations website. As a result of closing the sale, we are now updating our prior fiscal year 2018 guidance to include the impact of the divestiture. Last quarter, I framed the Website Security and PKI products as contributing, on a full year basis, slightly over $400 million in revenue and $180 million in operating income. I also indicated that Symantec would continue to be burdened with stranded costs of just over $50 million per year that were previously allocated to the product lines, which will not transfer to DigiCert. There are no changes to these prior estimates. Moving to our updated fiscal year 2018 outlook. Our fiscal year 2018 guidance initially provided in May was reconfirmed at our Q1 earnings call on a constant currency basis, but on a nominal basis, was updated for favorable foreign currency. Now, we are going to update our outlook for two elements: the impact of the divestiture and additional favorable foreign currency. The divestiture results in the exclusion of five months, November through March, of previously planned revenue and income of the Website Security and PKI solutions. The combined impact of these changes results in full year revenue guidance of $5.0 billion to $5.1 billion from our previously guided $5.16 billion to $5.26 billion, a net decrease of $160 million. At the midpoint of our guidance, we expect this represents approximately 3% total revenue growth in constant currency adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures. Now I'll provide guidance for revenue adjusted for constant currency, acquisitions and divestitures for our segments. We now expect 2% to 5% Enterprise Security revenue growth compared to our previous guidance of 3% to 5%. As Greg indicated, supporting our Enterprise revenue guidance is a strong pipeline for the second half with a record number of large deal opportunities. We are adjusting our FY 2018 Enterprise Security revenue guidance range down slightly to reflect the reduction of approximately $25 million of forecasted Q2 in-quarter revenue that showed up on the balance sheet as deferred revenue. And we now expect 2% to 4% Consumer Digital Safety revenue growth compared to our previous guidance of 1% to 3%. Supporting our Consumer Digital Safety guidance is the subscriber, ARPU and retention improvements we have already seen through Q2, as well as member growth resulting from the Equifax breach. We expect operating margins for fiscal year 2018 of 35% to 36%, compared to previous guidance of 36% to 37%, primarily driven by the divestiture. Finally, we expect EPS for fiscal year 2018 of $1.66 to $1.76, compared to previous (33:46) guidance of $1.79 to $1.89. The $0.13 reduction to our prior EPS guidance is driven primarily by the divestiture, as well as M&A and divestiture related costs incurred in Q2. On our last earnings call, we indicated the divestiture would have a full-year impact of $0.20 to EPS, which had included the benefit of equity income of $0.01 to $0.02. Our revised guidance does not include the EPS impact of income from our equity interest. We now expect FY 2018 cash flow from operations of $800 million to $1 billion. This compares to the guidance of $1.0 billion to $1.2 billion that we provided at Financial Analyst Day. This updated guidance includes the impact of restructuring, transition, and other related project costs, which we continue to expect to total approximately $500 million in FY 2018. Our revised cash flow guidance from operations includes the following. Approximately $100 million reduction associated with the operations of the divestiture, approximately $225 million of one-time cash taxes, fees, and expenses associated with the divestiture, and approximately $125 million of benefit from other cash items including deferred revenue. Moving to our third quarter outlook. Our third quarter guidance excludes the November and December plan for the now divested Website Security and PKI solutions. On a nominal basis, we expect third quarter revenue of $1.25 billion to $1.28 billion, up 4% to 6% in constant currency adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures. We expect revenues for our Enterprise segment to increase 5% to 8%, and for our Consumer Digital Safety segment to increase 2% to 4%, with both growth rates adjusted for constant currency and acquisitions and divestitures. We expect total company operating margins of 36% to 37%. And we expect EPS of $0.42 to $0.46, reflecting an underlying share count of approximately 674 million shares. Now, let me close with our medium term outlook. Looking out to fiscal year 2019 and fiscal year 2020, we continue to be very excited about our future. We are reiterating the guidance we provided on our last earnings call. We expect total organic revenue growth for fiscal 2019 and 2020 to be in the mid-to-high single digits, with operating margins in the high 30s, and EPS growth in the low teens. This is supported by strong positions and growth potential in each of our business segments. We have turned the corner on what Consumer used to be at Symantec, and feel strongly that we have the strategy, the brands, the marketing dollars, and the breadth of the digital safety platform that together support Consumer Digital Safety organic revenue growth in the low-to-mid single digits with operating margins over 40%. And on the Enterprise side, the power of our Integrated Cyber Defense platform, based on our engineering capability, our installed base presence, strong in-place sales capacity and cross and up-sell opportunity that we are already seeing take place support our Enterprise Security organic revenue growth of high single to low double digits, with operating margins in the high 20s, post the divestiture. Now let's transition the call to Q&A. Operator, please take it from here.
Operator: Certainly. Our first question is from the line of Sarah Hindlian from Macquarie.
Sarah Hindlian - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: All right. Thank you very much. Hey, guys. I just wanted to get into the Enterprise segment and deferred revenues a little bit, there are some divergence there, which sounds like is mix shift related, but we'd love some color on what is driving that mix shift description in in-period revenues within the business line? And then, Nick, just as a follow-up, maybe you can help me quantify that impact across some of the reported Enterprise segment results in the period?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Okay. Sarah, thanks for the question. Greg Clark here. So a couple of things that are going. First of all, we're very pleased with the amount of business that we sold in Q2. It was a big step up for us as you can see in the sequential and also, I'd like to underscore the margin increase that we drove. We are seeing an increased commitment to our Integrated Cyber Defense platform. We are seeing a bigger uptake in our subscription product. This is driven by couple of things. We are at a point now where the feature parity between say a virtual client and an appliance is the same. In fact there are some configurations where virtual clients even perform better than some physical appliances as there have been substantial improvements in things like VMware and the hardware underneath these platforms. So this is driving where we are seeing a capacity increase. We're seeing a very strong uptake of our ProxySG refresh. We are seeing a movement to subscription there. We're also seeing as we have in our DLP product, a very powerful instance of the same DLP product cloud delivered. This does create the shift of in-period revenue to subscriptions. We are not cutting abnormal terms. We're seeing normal terms and standard discounting, and this mix shift is driving an increase in deferred revenue. And as you can see from Nick's remarks, we are reaffirming our revenue guide and you noticed in the cash flow comments that we are increasing our fiscal 2018 cash flows. So there is a strong correlation between the deferred revenue and actually selling the right amount of business in the quarter. Nick, anything ...
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: Yeah. Sarah, let me add a couple of points for you as well. So I indicated in the script that basically $25 million of forecasted in-quarter revenue moved to deferred revenue on the Enterprise side of the fence. So we can all kind of do the math on that. And I think some of the deferred revenue statistics are pretty exciting here, and we've actually disclosed that on our CFO commentary, where we have done a full walk to really work through from GAAP deferred revenue, through purchase accounting, through Veritas, through LifeLock and through the divestiture, really what's going on at the time of deferred revenue lines. And that is the underpinning to my comments about Enterprise deferred revenue growth, which is, let's say, clean of Website Security and PKI. That's up 12%. We've got growth on both the short term and the long-term side of the fence, but we're really excited about that deferred revenue growth. And we look at the combination of in-quarter recognized plus deferred as really giving us a perspective on really the business conditions and the business performance in the quarter.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Also, Sarah, just at the financial Analyst Day, we added to the reporting metrics the deferred revenue because we wanted to be able to give people the ability to get a better handle on growth. Revenue plus deferred is the way to do that. We did anticipate mix shift. It's happening a little faster than we thought. And we're excited about it. It's actually a good news story.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Saket Kalia from Barclays Capital.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions here. Greg, maybe we'll start with you. Qualitatively if we look at the Enterprise business in the second half of this year excluding SSL, can you just walk us through the drivers for acceleration. And I've got a follow-up for Nick after that.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Yeah, definitely. I think one of the key things and we mentioned this in our comments on Financial Analyst Day. We now have a ramped sales force, and we saw that kick in, in Q2. We also have  the second half is bolstered by the Blue Coat refresh and the cross selling that goes on around that. There were some examples of that in the prepared remarks, and we really have, I think, now seen enough evidence that we can execute the cross-sell in the Integrated Cyber Defense, which really that strategy is working. We talked through a number of larger deals in the prepared remarks to give you some hands-on examples of that, and we have a pipeline now that is really commensurate with that ramped sales force. We're very excited about the size of it, and we still have work to do to close those transactions. As we mentioned, there are some large ones in there, but we believe we'll be successful across all that. The other thing that's happening is competitors don't have the same value proposition. And as you move to the cloud, and now you've got to get some cloud stuff to go, you've to get three or four cloud vendors to work in concert trying to deal with that SLA is really hard. So I think we've got a big leg up on the competitor. And if you try to hold together those point solutions, especially in the cloud era it's very difficult for the CIO to do that, it's expensive, it's fragile. And so we put all that together and we think that we've got ramped capacity, we've got the right product and we've got what we need as we look at our pipeline to deliver the growth in the second half. And that's given us a lot of confidence as you can see today reaffirming our outlook.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. That's very helpful. And for my follow-up maybe for you, Nick, can you just remind us how you recognize sales commissions? We talked about the $25 million that moved to the balance sheet, but can you remind us are you amortizing those sales commissions? Or do we have a little bit of a mismatch with upfront commissions and more ratable revenue?
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: Those are amortized over time. So we see that and that is a policy that's been in effect at Symantec and it's something that any, in fact, any acquisition we do we move to that policy.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Joel Fishbein from BTIG.
Joel P. Fishbein - BTIG LLC: Good afternoon, guys. Just two quick ones, a question and a follow-up. Greg, obviously, the Integrated Cyber Defense is resonating here with the customers. Are there any areas in that you think that you're falling short or where you need to augment the Cyber Defense platform going forward? And how are you feeling about current valuations that are out there right now?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: So I think we are very pleased with the portfolio that we have, both on the Enterprise Integrated Cyber Defense side and also on the Digital Safety side on Consumer, there are very strong portfolios. We have also driven a lot of integration with third parties, as well. So we do have a really strong ecosystem of other ISVs that we work with in our portfolio. But right now, I think we like the product set that we have. And to talk about valuations, I think they change all the time. We're very disciplined around M&A. We do small acquisitions, as you saw a few through the year that we can absolutely control our destiny and we really work out with our customers, make sure we can sell those. Those are definitely not going to upset anything in our finances. And then we also are very disciplined around doing things that are good for our equity, as we mentioned in the past. We're disciplined around M&A and we like the setup we have right now, and we're totally able to execute our plans with what we have.
Joel P. Fishbein - BTIG LLC: Great. And then just as a quick follow-up. You talked about the threat environment driving some adoption of proxy. Can you just tell us where you think we are with proxy refresh? And if you think the threat environment will be driving quicker adoption there?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: I think I'll answer your refresh question first. We are seeing a strong adoption of the next platform in the new set of technologies in the refresh. Those rates are consistent with the last refresh. There may be some (46:46) running around for some of our competitors that are saying that's not going well. That's going very well. And you can see in the deferred revenue build a lot of the cloud-based stuff is in the deferred revenue build and deferred revenue is larger than the whole world of many of those other competitors. And so we're doing extremely well in cloud, and that is driven by the physical form factor moving to our virtual appliances which support software defined which is what a lot of our major customers and telecom players like. And in addition to that, the pure cloud offering is growing very strong and we've got some great partnerships around the world on that. So we do think that that is happening and there's a very, very strong bright spot in our Cloud Access Broker, in our CASB front, that is posting some very impressive growth rates and some wins. Again, it's all ratable to cloud delivered. And the threat environment, we are seeing some pretty strong reasons in the cryptography. The Internet as reported by sort of the conservative folks, is 50% encrypted, and I've had some telecom companies telling me and say, they think it's more like 85% encrypted right now. And proxies and isolation, and there's the Fireglass acquisition, really deliver around being able to really hunt these threats down out of there and protect against that. So proxy demand is strong. It does not require infrastructure ownership to deploy, which means if you're using cloud and someone else is running it, you can still put proxy in. So we do see strong demand for proxy, and that part of our business is alive and well. Again, there is a delivery platform that is ratable in the refresh. And we are excited about that because we are being designed into the future networks. And so as I mentioned before, this is something that we are excited about that mix shift. It is not an issue.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Brad Zelnick from Credit Suisse.
Brad Alan Zelnick - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thanks very much, guys. I've have got one for Greg and a follow-up for Nick. So Greg, on the Consumer business, I think it's stronger than any of us would've imagined, even just a year ago. Given that strength, would you consider spinning that business out to unlock value for shareholders and open it up to additional partnership opportunities?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: So I think the Consumer business, you're right, is fixed. It is a very strong growth engine and we are seeing that even outside of the influence of the Equifax breach that definitely had some very strong tailwinds. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, there's a number of vectors in there. They're all going well. And we are ahead on the integration. And we're ahead on that case and, as such, we're raising our outlook for that piece of the business. Also Financial Analyst Day, we talked about margins in the low 40s, and you can see they're coming in at the numbers that we're posting in the last couple of quarters. So I would  if we go back a year and we took a look at what the overhang was on Symantec, it was that we had double-digits and high-single digit declines in a very big piece of the cash flow. That is fixed. We are now forecasting strong growth rates in that business at the size of business that it is. Moving to your question as to would we spin it off, we like it right where it is. It is doing a good work. It is  we have two organizations in the business, one that focus on Enterprise, and one that focuses on Consumer, but I am extremely excited about this. And as people work from home and mobile really sets in, in the world, even more than it is now, and work in business process, we think the clean home is a clean enterprise, and we definitely see a strong correlation between what we're doing in Norton Core and a much safer enterprise network. And so we are excited about this, and we also have conversations in the service provider industry about what we're doing in digital safety that are very encouraging. And so I'm very happy to report that after a year, if you take a look at the Consumer business when, last August, and you take a look at it today, that is a completely different situation. And I'm proud of the company and the team and the partners that helped us really deliver to that outcome.
Brad Alan Zelnick - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: That's helpful color. And for Nick, just a follow-up on Joel's question, if we think about the shift to more cloud and virtual adoption for ProxySG and then we relate back to the Analyst Day expectation that you threw out for $1 billion refresh opportunity, now as the take rate, as we shift to more cloud and virtual, how should we be thinking about that? Or perhaps if you can't size it that way, just remind us when you think about the trade-off and the impact to what can be recognized in revenue to what gets deferred, how do we think that opportunity through?
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: So I'd say, first of all, we laid out at our Financial Analyst Day, actually a couple of slides that showed the difference between the physical, the virtual and the cloud delivery model just in business in general, but certainly that refresh could be a perfect example for that. Look, we knew actually in Q4 of last year before that Financial Analyst Day, and we hit that parity point on the engineering side between those platforms as well. So as we came into this year, we expected that this was going to be the case, and as it goes though, we have to expect a little bit of variability. We saw a little bit of variability this quarter in business in terms of what we expected in-quarter versus deferred. We look at that go forward, we expect a little bit of variability go forward. At the end of the day, and I think we've said this in a couple of different forms, at the end of the day, we have to be able to and we want to be able to help customer in whichever delivery mechanism they want. We have built in a move towards more ratable into our forecast and into our guidance for the year as it happens. There could always be a little bit of variability, which we will give you full transparency on. I actually would also say around that full transparency point, if you go to that CFO commentary and you look at deferred revenue, actually taking out $300 million of WSS and PKI helps you see Enterprise all by itself. So you have full transparency as to what's going on there, and we'll show you that quarter-after-quarter including all of the pieces from GAAP to non-GAAP. So I hope that's helpful. But built into this year was a view that the refresh would be occurring. We talked about that for the second half. In fact, we also had indicated that front half of the year was going to be impacted by integration. We'd be ramping up the new combined sales force in the first half. We'd be ramping them up on all the new products, new relationships with the channels, et cetera, and that would be coming to pass and coming through in top line, business and bookings growth and revenue growth in the second half, and we are on that path. We feel very good about it.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley.
Keith Eric Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you, guys, for taking the question. I'm actually going to do a one-two punch, similar to my colleague, Mr. Zelnick, there. Starting off on the Consumer side of the equation, it seemed like you guys got a really nice bounce from Equifax. Fran was out talking very bullishly about the impacts we saw, I think it was like six days after the subscriber adds that came from that breach. How should we think about kind of the curve of that impact? Obviously, it's going to be most front end loaded like when it happened, you guys try all the search terms, and we got shunted to LifeLock. But how durable is that spike going to be? Or how quickly does it peter out and become normalized? And then longer term, does LifeLock or I'm sorry, Equifax having to give away more credit monitoring for free? Does that impact you negligibly long term or is that not really an issue?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: So, yeah, good questions, Keith. There was a ton of questions on Equifax. First of all Equifax didn't impact the Q2 revenues. It happened towards the end of the quarter, and the ratable recognition of that stuff didn't impact those results. It was de minimis in the Q2 results. So a couple thoughts for you, and I went into some details in the prepared remarks. Equifax was good, and it definitely increased member counts in a significant way. But what we also saw when we would offer the combined Digital Safety bundle that we've been talking about for a number of quarters to the Norton cohort when it came up for subscription or even in period work we were doing with them, we're seeing a much better uptake than we had modeled in our acquisition case of Norton folks just taking up for more money the LifeLock value proposition. You also saw if you look at the search terms that people searched for LifeLock in substantial passion when they just think about identity. So the strength of that brand is big, and we do think that there is a new normal for uptake in identity protection following Equifax, and that is more, it was very strong at the beginning but even weeks later it is sustained in a way that's different than some of the other big breaches like Anthem. So something else happened, which also I think drives to the power of the digital safety concept. When the KRACK vulnerability came out and everybody talked about how dangerous roaming around on Wi-Fi was, now you could have pretty much easy access to traffic on the Wi-Fi through that vulnerability. So if you were sitting in a Starbucks and some kid had some software and knew how to do it they could be siphoning off your communications. The spike in the VPN product is also very, very substantial and that product is a strong product, it's a $30 to $50 a year adder, and we're seeing that at very powerful growth rates as well. And so the Norton conversion is good, the LifeLock uptake is very good, and we're also seeing the other products in the digital safety realm really lift as well. And then we bring in Norton Core, and we announced Norton Core at the beginning of the year, it won some accolades. We've had it in the market as a version one. So we're careful with the introduction, and we're really starting to ramp that now. And we anticipate strong uptake there. So I think also coming back to identity protection, LifeLock does a ton more than just credit. Credit it's very good at, but it also takes care of all the other kinds of identity theft, and so the bad guys that have all those identities and many of which they already had are used for other kinds of identity crime, such as criminal drivers' licenses, people buying guns in your name, people changing the address of registered properties and then working on various things, tax returns, other things. And also if you have your identity stolen, which still happens all the time, the remediation and recovery of that is really delivered well from LifeLock. So we are seeing better retentions, and we are seeing more uptake but I can tell you we're confident enough now to say that we believe that adjusted for acquisition the Consumer business is going to grow sustainably and at a strong clip. And so in our guidance we're talk about mid-single digit growth rates, and we are seeing the de-risking of the business from the PC declines happening way better than we thought. And also we are within striking distance of PC unit growth. It's not far away. And put all that together, and there was a lot of negative analyst comments on Consumer rightfully so a year ago, and we're hoping that this information is changing the outlook on that. And we're really proud of what we've accomplished there, that's one of the better turnarounds in my knowledge base.
Keith Eric Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. That's super helpful. And, Nick, just on the full year 2018 guidance, I want to make sure I fully understand the bridge from the guidance prior to the  or the guidance coming out of last quarter to guidance coming out of this quarter. So there's the puts and takes. You impacted for like $25 million in revenue that got put on to the balance sheet this quarter. The divestiture taken out of the guidance and you sort of added back some incremental benefit from FX. Is there any  have you kind of adjusted your expectations about ratable versus getting license upfront in the back half as well? Meaning do you now have like an assumption for more ratable revenue coming from the Blue Coat side of the equation into the back half as well?
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: Well, we had more ratable coming into the entirety of the year. So in terms of the first half/second half, I think that we have $25 million in Q2 that showed up as deferred revenue on the balance sheet. We have strong business activity and business activity on track to plan and guidance. So as we go into the second half, we have a very, very strong pipeline. We feel very good about it. In terms of that ratable recognition, there's a significant amount of ratable business already happening here. We know that that can be a little bit variable or on the edges. So we have to be conscious of that. We've tried to guide appropriately for those types of things in the second half of the year. And in terms of the Website Security business, and the Website Security and PKI solutions, in that second half guide, there's really no difference versus what we had talked about before on a full-year basis. But you just have to remember that we're taking it out for the month of November through March. So in terms of walking prior guidance to current guidance, it is pretty basic in terms of just the two pieces, the divestiture and a little bit of FX rolling through there.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: I think Nick makes a good comment. Looking at the second half, it's a big ramp in the second half. We understand that. We've got a pipe to support it. We've got capacity to support it. We have to execute the closure of that pipe. We feel good about our ability to do that. We do have a good mix of transactions in there. Some are very large because the Integrated Digital Safety platform is working which is driving deal size up. There may be some timing in there, but we are definitely confident about the outlook, and especially the long-term outlook for what we're up to.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Michael Turits from Raymond James.
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey guys. Two quick ones if I can squeeze in. First of all, Greg, you talked a lot about SEP 14 and ATP and the new versions there. So what if any the impact that we see on renewal rates and/or ASPs, and I have a second question.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Yeah, it's a very good question. So first of all, I'd like to just remind everybody that we said we were, and I think predictability is extremely important in what we're doing. And a year ago, we said we were going to come after these gaps in our unified converged endpoint around EDR. And some of these other things we actually innovated some more there and delivered a deception blade in there as well. But we have completed with SEP 14.1 a very solid piece of work around EDR and flight recorders. We believe we have now reached feature parity with the point solutions that did that and we have one major footprint with that. We have 7 million odd deployments now of the EDR capability. So it is being battle hardened, and we believe that that is a huge footprint, and if you look at some of the folks that just specialize in that, I think we are going past their installed bases already. So we do think that we have a very strong upsell capability around those value propositions that are delivered in SEP 14.1. SEP 14 also has been doing extremely well. And as we mentioned, we got a really good conversion rate in SEP 14 in our installed base. And we do see strong improvement in what was less than acceptable renewal rates in prior periods before SEP 14 for the SEP agent. We've absolutely turned that around, and I think we are leading even in these advanced zero-day malwares, our AI detected WannaCry, stopped it, no signatures. So we've got the proof that that's working and we continue to innovate that. And I think it's just a testament to the capacity and engineering that we have behind that problem. We shut that gap down in 12 months with quality product. And again, I'm really proud of that team. I think they're really distinguishing themselves in the industry, and that set of threat researches that comes with them is differentiated. So I think we're going to do very well in Endpoint. As the Internet goes dark, Endpoint is going to become extremely, extremely important. And Mobile Endpoint is where the future lives. And we're one of the only large vendors that's vending with our own technology, a full suite across Windows, Apple products, including Mac and iOS and Android. And so I think we're very well set up on the Endpoint. This is a space we're super serious about and we've got a lot of talent on it. And we're going to be there for the long haul.
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Greg, my follow-up was I think for Nick. If I try to adjust for next quarter for pulling out two months and then pulling out (1:06:09) for five months on the full-year, it seems like you still even adjusting for that, you still came in below for third quarter but you're pretty close on the full year. So it seems as if it's more of a fourth quarter versus third quarter skew. Is my math right? And if so, why do we get this skew?
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: In terms of the overall business, say on Enterprise, or what specific things you're talking about there, Michael?
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Yeah. Total numbers on revenue. A little bit...
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: Total numbers on revenue? Yeah. So, first of all, you do have to adjust for that Website Security and PKI in Q3. So we're talking about taking out and leaving in one month, basically. The overall revenues for the back half are pretty much what we expected them to be for that side of the business. So there's really not much difference there in the terms of build-up versus our original view of the year. Obviously, we never gave like specific Q2, Q3 type of ramp. But as we look at the revenue stream for the second half, we're very satisfied and feel very strong in our position there. As you may have seen, we tweaked a bit the Enterprise down basically by the Consumer. I'm sorry, by the second quarter $25 million Consumer up, basically the same amount inside of that overall revenue guidance for the year. That's pretty much all we've done to it. So we feel on track for what we're planning to do. We feel like we've got the pipeline on the Enterprise side, the position, as Greg indicated, the sales capacity in place. And then, obviously, the consumer metrics as well supporting that side of the fence. So we feel quite good about it.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Okay.
Operator: And at this time I'm showing that we are at time. Presenters, do you have any closing remarks?
Nate Pollack - Symantec Corp.: I'd just like to thank everybody for joining our calls and thanks for your support. And I look forward to next time. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Symantec second quarter earnings call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2017-08-02 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Nate Pollack - Symantec Corp. Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp. Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.
Analysts: Sarah Hindlian - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co. Keith Eric Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Andrew James Nowinski - Piper Jaffray & Co.
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Ian, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q1 2018 Fiscal Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I'd now like to turn it over to the Head of Investor Relations, Mr. Nate Pollack. Mr. Pollack, you may begin.
Nate Pollack - Symantec Corp.: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our call to discuss our first quarter fiscal year 2018 earnings results. We posted the earnings materials and prepared remarks to our Investor Relations Events webpage. Speakers on today's call are Greg Clark, Symantec CEO; and Nick Noviello, Executive Vice President and CFO. This is a live call that will be available for replay via webcast on our website. I'd like to remind everyone that all references to financial metrics are non-GAAP unless otherwise stated. We provide year-over-year constant currency growth rates in our prepared remarks for revenue. During the call, we may speak to a growth adjusted for acquisitions metric, which includes prior period non-GAAP revenue from acquisitions adjusted for Symantec's accounting policies including quarterization. All non-GAAP revenue and expenses excludes the impact of Veritas. However, the continuing operations deferred revenue on the balance sheet includes a portion of Veritas' deferred revenue from Symantec and Veritas bundled contracts entered into prior to operational separation. The Veritas deferred revenue from those contracts will amortize into discontinued operations. As a result implied billings growth calculated from the change in deferred revenue on the balance sheet will not be representative of standalone Symantec's performance as it will include an impact from Veritas. Please note, non-GAAP financial measures referenced during this call are reconciled to their comparable GAAP financial measure in the press release and supplemental materials posted on our website. We believe our presentation of non-GAAP financial measures, when taken together with corresponding GAAP financial measures, provides a meaningful supplemental information regarding our operating performance for reasons discussed below. Our operating management uses those non-GAAP financial measures in assessing our operating results, as well as when planning, forecasting and annualizing future periods. We believe those non-GAAP non-financial measures also facilitate comparisons of our performance to prior periods and to our peers and that investors benefit from understanding of the non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures are supplemental and should not be considered a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Today's call contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current date and, as such, involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information. You will also find a detailed discussion about our risk factors in our filings with the SEC and, in particular, on our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year ended March 31, 2017. And now I'd like to introduce our CEO, Greg Clark. Go ahead, Greg.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Thank you for joining us, and good afternoon. I'm pleased to share that both our business segments exceeded their Q1 revenue outlook and have strong underlying growth drivers with attractive profitability. We continue to accelerate our leadership in the Enterprise Security and Consumer Digital Safety businesses, as evidenced by customer success, technological innovation and our financial results. We are on track to achieve our full-year financial outlook and confident of the momentum building in our second half pipeline. At the same time, today we also announced DigiCert's acquisition of our Website Security and related PKI assets. Later in my remarks, I will share a summary of the transaction, impact to customers and impact to Symantec. Firstly, I'd like to touch on the dynamic threat environment and how Symantec continues to protect our customers. As many of you are aware, there were two major malware outbreaks in the past quarter, WannaCry and Petya. Both are stark reminders of why the world needs Symantec more than ever. These attacks spread quickly, infecting many high-profile companies globally and rendering data on victims' computers unusable. Symantec's advanced endpoint security capabilities proactively protected against both WannaCry and Petya. Neither attack had virtually any impact on our customers. While some other security companies failed to protect their customers, Symantec's software has, to date, blocked more than 1 billion attempted WannaCry attacks. This is a testament to our significant presence on Enterprise and Consumer endpoints, as well as the effectiveness of our advanced technologies. We are committed to protecting customers against all forms of cyber attack across all attack surfaces and continue to evolve our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform and Consumer Digital Safety offerings to fulfill that mission. In this regard, I'm pleased to report that innovation is thriving across Symantec. We're now regularly applauded by customers for being on the forefront of innovation based upon what we have developed internally, as well as what we have acquired and integrated. We're accelerating our leadership through both organic and inorganic development. On the organic front, we've implemented releases on the endpoints that are coming soon. By the end of the calendar year, we're releasing the next version of SEP, SEP 14.1, which is a significant new release of our flagship Symantec Endpoint Protection product line and builds upon the highly successful launch of SEP 14 last November. It includes some key innovations that we believe will improve our overall security posture for customers, including actionable intelligence on suspicious files in a customer's environment and aggressive tunable protection that can be adjusted for individual users or groups. In addition, SEP 14.1 is designed to be highly effective even in sites with low connectivity, as it relies heavily on advanced machine learning and other signature-less technologies and does not need frequent content updates. We are seeing good early traction with customers in our beta release. In addition, by the end of the calendar year, we'll also be launching ATP 3.0, the next major release of our EDR solution, which adds Flight Data Recorder capability, recording all activity on the airplane. This will provide valuable contextual endpoint data to incident responders, increasing productivity and delivering cost savings, as well as close one of the remaining gaps in a hyper-converged endpoint. These new product releases further increase the value of our endpoint solution versus traditional antivirus providers and other point providers. On the consumer side, we've now delivered the first shipments of Norton Core, which was built from the ground up by our own consumer team and has received wide recognition. Norton Core is another great example of the innovation that's taking place at Symantec. Core is a secure Wi-Fi router that helps protect home networks from malware using network packet inspection, provides high speeds using an omni-directional antenna, and offers advanced parental controls. All of this is controlled from an easy-to-use mobile app. Pre-orders have exceeded our expectations, and Core is now available at norton.com, as well as other premier retail outlets, including Best Buy and Amazon.com. On the inorganic side, we recently announced two important acquisitions, Fireglass and Skycure, that will bring significant innovation to our portfolio and allow us to introduce new methods to stop attacks. Both transactions closed last week and will leverage our existing sales motion to bring value to customers. First, let me review Fireglass. Fireglass is a leading provider in the fast-growing Threat Isolation security category. The technology reduces the attack surface and decreases False Positive alerts in the security operations center, saving customers time and money. The Fireglass solution represents a significant leap forward in the CISO's ability to keep users safe even when they're visiting risky or uncategorized sites. Fireglass provides a secure execution environment for users, whether they are on the web or on e-mail. Dangerous links and attachments pose no threat to the user as all code is run remotely in isolation and never reaches user's endpoint. In discussions with customers at the Black Hat Conference this week, Fireglass technology was seen as a direct extension of our current proxy environment. We believe that it will act as a natural boost to our existing sales motion, particularly as part of the refresh cycle for our ProxySG franchise. Now, let's discuss Skycure. With this acquisition, Symantec will be the only large endpoint vendor to provide customers with comprehensive Mobile Threat Defense across iOS, Android and Windows operating systems, as well as enable a new approach to BYOD for enterprises and consumers. Skycure's predictive technology uses a layered approach that leverages crowd-sourced threat intelligence, in addition to both device and server-based analysis, to proactively protect mobile devices from malware, network threats and app and OS vulnerability exploits with or without an Internet connection. Existing mobile tools, like Mobile Device Management or Enterprise Mobility Management, do not protect mobile devices and are not able to defend closed operating systems from attacks like Skycure can. We believe mobile security is going to be paramount for our customers and a massive opportunity for our endpoint franchise. Symantec will now provide a comprehensive endpoint security portfolio for traditional devices like laptops, desktops and servers, as well as mobile devices. This is a key differentiator against traditional endpoint and emerging endpoint security vendors who do not protect mobile platforms. We will be in a unique position to integrate mobile with network and our cloud security portfolio to enhance our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform for our customer base. For our Consumer business, we expect Skycure to accelerate traction for our mobile offerings with major telcos who are seeking partners for improving security. Closed operating systems are an attractive opportunity for improving cyber defense. Skycure brings defense in depth to closed operating systems, which is important for iOS and Windows 10 S and differentiates us from competitive offerings. Importantly, both Fireglass and Skycure integrate easily on our core franchise. From an innovations perspective, we have been actively tracking the Threat Isolation and Mobile Threat space for over a year which led to these leaders. From a go-to-market perspective, Fireglass and Skycure bring add-on offerings to existing sales motions, and we're targeting the same buyer. We received very vocal support from major customers and industry analysts on these acquisitions. And they demonstrate our commitment to remain at the forefront of innovation, benefiting our customers and our long-term revenue trajectory. We continue to invest significantly in our organic development capabilities, as well as pursuing new technology acquisitions, where prudent, to accelerate our cyber defense offerings. Now, let me transition to our Enterprise business. Here, our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform is resonating with customers and driving increased pipeline. We are positioned as the clear leader for the cloud generation and are building more pipeline and winning more deals on superior technology and unmatched integration. Our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform is becoming a significant competitive differentiator for us. We are beating or displacing incumbent security vendors on a more frequent basis and seeing more success with the cross-selling of components within our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform, as evidenced by larger deal sizes in the Enterprise and additional customer examples of per user security savings. Let me provide you an example of a customer that consolidated from multiple security vendors to Symantec. In the quarter, one of the largest financial technology companies purchased nearly our entire Integrated Cyber Defense Platform. The main driver here was our best-of-breed integration across the portfolio, which saved the customer millions of dollars per year, while also increasing administrative efficiency and simplicity by standardizing on Symantec, displacing four incumbent competitors and beating cloud security challengers hoping to win new business. This deal would not have taken place without the combination of Blue Coat and Symantec. During Q1, the individual components of our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform showed strong competitive momentum. Our CASB product line continued its growth momentum, winning many large Enterprise customers, either beating or displacing major competitors in the cloud arena. Some of the wins include a 40,000 seat deal at one of the country's largest retailers and a 30,000 seat deal at a mobile payment company. Let me share a final example of our integration and Integrated Cyber Defense Platform winning deals. During the quarter, one of the largest soft drink distributors was an existing Symantec DLP customer, but using a competitor for endpoint security. Our account team introduced SEP 14 and ATP to the customer, who was immediately impressed with our EDR capabilities in the integrated SEP ATP solution. This led to winning the endpoint business and displacing the incumbent endpoint competitor for 20,000 employees, another demonstration of the integration and the platform winning in the market. Now, as many of you know, through the integration of Symantec and Blue Coat, we also made significant improvements in our go-to-market programs and partner simplification. At the beginning of the quarter, we went live with our new combined Enterprise sales organization, substantial improvements to our partner model and simplification across the business. From external-facing collateral to internal systems, changes we made were substantial. I am proud of the work that was done and want to thank the team for executing and delivering strong results for customers and for Symantec. Now, the sales team is leveraging all the work as they execute on our strong and increasing pipeline. Now, I'd like to give an update regarding the recent developments related to our Website Security and related PKI solutions. As you may be aware, earlier this afternoon, we announced an agreement with DigiCert to acquire our Website Security and related PKI assets. DigiCert is a portfolio company of private equity firms, Thoma Bravo and TA Associates, and is a leading provider of scalable identity and encryption solutions for Enterprise web security. DigiCert is solely focused on providing leading SSL and PKI solutions. With this transaction, we believe DigiCert will have the resources needed to lead the next generation of global website security. We're excited about the prospects for the combined company and are deeply committed to its success. We will receive a minority ownership stake in DigiCert at the closing of the transaction, allowing Symantec to continue to participate in the value created by this transaction and ensure a successful transition for the customers of our Website Security and related PKI solutions. Nick will be sharing further financial details of the transaction in his remarks. This divestiture sharpens our Enterprise Security business focus on our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform strategy which, as I've highlighted throughout the call, is a top priority for us. It also positions us for achieving higher growth. As a result of the transaction, we are increasing our long-term outlook for Enterprise Security organic revenue growth to high-single to low-double digit compared to our previous outlook of mid to high-single digit organic revenue growth. You may be aware that we've been in ongoing discussions with Google and Mozilla regarding the shift to a SubCA business model in our Certificate Authority operations. As a reminder, under the SubCA business model, our SSL/TLS certificates would be issued through one or more independently operated third-party CAs until we develop and deploy a modernized PKI platform that is acceptable to trust stores. The DigiCert acquisition accelerates the transition for our customers to a new PKI platform at DigiCert that meets all industry standards and browser requirements, ensuring continuity for our customers and providing a foundation for continued innovation. During our discussion with the browsers, our goal has been to minimize the impact to our customers. And we believe this transaction achieves that goal and commitment. Moving to our Consumer segment. Consumer Digital Safety is an entirely new category that is resonating with customers. Consumer Digital Safety revenue exceeded guidance and grew 1%, adjusted for acquisitions. This is one quarter ahead of our plan. This improvement in growth was driven by number of factors across both Norton and LifeLock. From a demand perspective, we believe recent ransomware attacks drove improved activity across our Norton portfolio. Retention rates for Norton Security and LifeLock exceeded our expectations, and we continue to optimize consumer engagement across installed base. Our new Norton WiFi Privacy app has also continued to perform well globally. LifeLock has performed better than expected since our acquisition. Unaided brand awareness has grown to 40%, our highest in history and more than 5x our nearest competitor. And, to-date, we've exceeded our acquisition plan for consumer growth while simultaneously decreasing our customer acquisition costs. As you know, identity theft is not just an issue in the United States. We're actively working on expanding LifeLock internationally. We have plans to enter in the first international markets by the end of fiscal 2018 and expect to expand into additional countries in fiscal 2019. I'm also pleased to report that we've completed most major elements of integrating LifeLock ahead of schedule. We are encouraged by the initial acceptance of our efforts to create a new Digital Safety category and have received positive response from partners and consumer message testing. We expect to be actively selling LifeLock into our Norton customer base this quarter and offering Norton Security as a highly differentiated feature to all new LifeLock customers, which should result in higher ARPU, higher retention and lower cost of acquisition. In summary, I'm very pleased with the results from Q1 and the hard work from the team and feel great about the opportunity for the rest of the year. The pipeline is strong and we have solid momentum, which gives us confidence in our second half outlook. Profitability in the Enterprise segment has improved dramatically year-over-year. In just one year, Symantec has made a major transformation across both Enterprise, Security and Consumer Digital Safety. I want to thank our employees, customers, partners and shareholders for being with us on this journey. It is evident that our strategy to combine best-of-breed technology with unmatched scale is working and believe will result in long-term market share gains. We expect both our Enterprise Security and Consumer Digital Safety businesses to grow in the low to mid-single digits, adjusted for acquisitions this fiscal year. We're achieving this growth while substantially improving profitability in our Enterprise Security business and maintaining our market-leading margins in the Consumer business. We are now in full execution mode. This sets us up to be in position to realize the full benefits of our transformation in FY 2019. Our agreement to sell our Website Security business and related PKI assets to DigiCert allows us to dedicate more focus towards delivering unparalleled protection for the cloud generation. Let me turn the call over to Nick to go through the numbers.
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: Thank you, Greg, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I will review our first quarter fiscal 2018 results, discuss several critical achievements we've now completed on our integration and transformation journey, update our fiscal second quarter and fiscal year 2018 outlook, and update our medium-term outlook from Financial Analyst Day, reflecting our planned divestiture of our Website Security and related PKI assets. We have also made additional details available in our CFO commentary, which has been posted on our Investor Relations website. I'd like to remind everyone that all references to financial metrics are non-GAAP, unless otherwise stated. Let me start with an overview of our Q1 financial results. Our first quarter revenue was $1.228 billion, exceeding the high end of our $1.185 billion to $1.215 billion guidance range, driven by outperformance across both our Enterprise Security and Consumer Digital Safety segments. As the dollar depreciated during the quarter, currency tailwinds provided an $8 million benefit to revenue relative to our Q1 guidance. Total year-over-year revenue growth in constant currency, adjusted for acquisitions, was down 1%, which was at the high end of our Q1 guidance of down 4% to down 1%. Operating margin for the first quarter was 31%, above our guided range of 27% to 29%, driven by top line outperformance and continued execution against our cost savings initiatives and synergies. We remain ahead of schedule to achieve our expected net cost efficiencies, as well as our expected Blue Coat and LifeLock cost synergies, which gives us further confidence around our guidance and the significant increase in operating margins we expect this year. As you may recall, we expect to achieve net cost efficiencies and Blue Coat and LifeLock cost synergies of $580 million in the aggregate by the end of fiscal year 2018. Currency tailwinds also provided a $5 million benefit to operating income compared to our Q1 guidance. Fully diluted earnings per share was $0.33, above our $0.28 to $0.32 guidance range. Fully diluted shares outstanding decreased by 3 million shares to 664 million relative to our Q1 guidance of 667 million, partially due to impact from our convertible notes, driven by a lower share price. Please see the dilution tables posted to our Investor Relations website, where you can see the impact to diluted share count from the convertible notes at various stock prices. Finally, cash flow from continuing operations during the quarter was $251 million and CapEx was $47 million. Now, let's review our operating segment performance for Q1 in more detail. First, I'll review the performance of Enterprise Security. Our Enterprise Security segment revenue was $669 million and grew 41% year-over-year. Enterprise Security growth in constant currency, adjusted for acquisitions, was down 2%, at the high end of our Q1 guidance of down 5% to down 2%. As we discussed on our Q4 earnings call, our Website Security products comprise approximately $350 million of revenue in our Enterprise Security business. In Q1, revenue from our Website Security products was down 1%. Enterprise Security deferred revenue was $1.814 billion, excluding the impact from Veritas and adjusting for purchase accounting write-downs, compared to $1.824 billion at the end of fiscal year 2017. Further details are available in our CFO commentary. The amount of revenue that rolled off the balance sheet during the quarter was consistent with our expectation. Enterprise Security operating margin was 17%, up 11 points year-over-year, driven by our cost savings initiatives. Now turning to Consumer Digital Safety. Our Consumer Digital Safety segment revenue was $559 million and grew 40% year-over-year. Consumer Digital Safety grew 1% in constant currency, adjusted for acquisitions, at the high end of our Q1 guidance of down 1% to plus 1% growth. It is important to contrast that to just one year ago, Q1 of FY 2017, when Consumer Security revenue was down 8% in constant currency. Q1 FY 2018 Consumer Digital Safety operating margin was 47%, driven in part by top line growth and a faster realization of LifeLock synergies. Consumer Digital Safety deferred revenue was $1.042 billion, adjusting for purchase accounting write-downs, compared to $1.059 billion at the end of fiscal year 2017. The amount of revenue that rolled off the balance sheet during the quarter was also consistent with our expectations. With respect to this segment, over time, we do not expect deferred revenue to be the best metric to evaluate the business, as we anticipate a shift from annual to monthly billings with our bundled solutions. Further details on deferred revenue are available in our CFO commentary. As we outlined in our Financial Analyst Day, on a quarterly basis, we will provide direct subscribers, direct ARPU and partner revenue for our Consumer Digital Safety segment. We are presenting this on a going-forward basis to give color as to the significant metrics driving this segment. As this is a combination of statistics from businesses, Norton and LifeLock, that had different measurements historically, we will not be providing year-ago comparisons for these metrics. For Q1, direct customer count was 21.1 million at the end of the quarter. Direct ARPU was $7.87 per month. Recall that we expect these direct statistics to represent approximately 90% of the revenue stream at any one point in time. And, finally, partner revenue was $58 million. Further definitions of these metrics can be found in our CFO commentary. Now turning to the balance sheet and capital allocation. During the quarter, we repaid $2 billion in debt, consistent with our deleveraging commentary from Financial Analyst Day. As of June 30, we had $2.3 billion in cash and short-term investments and $6.3 billion in gross debt, including $1.75 billion of convertible notes. We completed our previously announced $500 million accelerated share repurchase during the first quarter and received 2.2 million shares. In total, we repurchased 16.4 million shares under the March 2017 ASR. We have $800 million remaining under our current repurchase authorization. As we mark the one-year anniversary of the Blue Coat acquisition, I would like to recap some of the important achievements and successes in integrating Blue Coat and Symantec. First, as we've discussed, from day one we started integrating products and, to-date, have completed over 12 major product integrations. We continue integrating additional Blue Coat and Symantec products with 10 more planned over the remainder of this fiscal year. These integrations have become a core driver of both customer wins and pipeline growth while creating, we believe, powerful competitive differentiation to uniquely solve customer problems that have otherwise been out of their reach. Second, we remain ahead of plan on our commitment for cost synergies. At the same time, we have eliminated an enormous amount of complexity in the business. We've streamlined our distribution and channel, simplified SKUs and pricing and worked hard to start to modernize back office systems, all of which has benefited customers and our own opportunity. And third, on April 1, we successfully achieved the goal of combining our two sales teams into a single organization. Despite all of the change, our sales team delivered and the systems and process changes were successful. We also rolled out our new secure One Channel program. Our distributors are now on standard contracts and have placed orders without challenges. This outcome is testament to our integration capabilities as a company and the hard work that our team took on. Now, as Greg indicated, earlier this afternoon we announced that we've signed a definitive agreement with DigiCert to acquire our Website Security and related PKI assets. We expect the transaction to close after the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, and therefore expect Website Security to be reported as part of discontinued operations by the time we report earnings in November. At that time, we expect to update our fiscal 2018 guidance to include the impact of the divestiture on our results. You should also expect that we will reconcile our Q2 results between our outlook today and the continuing and discontinued operations we will report as a result of the transaction. Today, I will first provide an outlook for fiscal year 2018 and Q2 excluding the impact of the divestiture; and, second, provide you with a framework to understand the associated impact of the divestiture on our future results. With respect to the outlook, while we are pleased with our Q1 outperformance and are even more confident now in our going-forward pipeline and execution plans, we are maintaining our fiscal year 2018 outlook on a constant currency basis given the substantial transformation and execution still underway. On a nominal basis, including favorability from foreign currency, we expect fiscal 2018 revenue at guided rates to increase to approximately $5.160 billion to $5.260 billion, from $5.1 billion to $5.2 billion previously. We expect approximately 3% constant currency revenue growth, adjusted for acquisitions, at the midpoint. For fiscal year 2018, we continue to expect Enterprise Security growth, adjusted for acquisitions, of 3% to 5%; and Consumer Digital Safety growth, adjusted for acquisitions, of 1% to 3%. We continue to expect operating margins for fiscal year 2018 of 36% to 37%. We expect our earnings per share will benefit, on a nominal basis, from favorable foreign currency by approximately $0.04. As a result, we expect fiscal 2018 EPS at guided rates to increase to approximately $1.79 to $1.89, from $1.75 to $1. 85 previously. We continue to expect an effective tax rate of 29. 5% and fully diluted weighted average shares outstanding of approximately 675 million. We have not built substantial share repurchases into our share count estimates, as our focus from a capital allocation perspective in fiscal year 2018 is on debt reduction. From a cash flow from operations standpoint, we are maintaining our previous guidance provided at our Investor Day of $1 billion to $1.2 billion. This incorporated approximately $500 million of restructuring and transition payments and approximately $600 million of stock-based compensation expense. More than half of that stock-based compensation expense is related to acquisitions, including Blue Coat, where lockup restrictions have now been met. We expect this level of stock-based compensation expense will decline over time. Moving to our second quarter outlook, which also does not include the impact of the divestiture. We expect revenue to be up 25% to 28% in constant currency which at guided rates, including favorability from foreign currency, translates to $1.260 billion to $1.290 billion. We expect Enterprise revenues to increase 15% to 18% which implies growth, adjusted for acquisitions, of approximately 1% at the midpoint. We expect Consumer Digital Safety revenue to increase 40% to 42% which implies growth, adjusted for acquisitions, of flat to up 1%. We expect total company operating margin of 34% to 36%. We expect EPS of $0.40 to $0.44, and an underlying share count of approximately 670 million. Our plan and guidance on each of these measures for the second quarter is consistent with the first half guidance we discussed at our Financial Analyst Day. Now, on to the potential financial impact from the announcement of the acquisition of our Website Security and related PKI products by DigiCert. We anticipate that the transaction will close during the fiscal third quarter following satisfaction of customary closing conditions. At that time, we expect to receive approximately $950 million in upfront cash proceeds and receive a 30% common stock ownership stake in DigiCert. We expect to account for our ownership stake under the equity method of investment. Let me provide a brief background on our Website Security and related PKI products. As many of you may recall, we acquired the Website Security business from Verisign in 2010. Subsequently, in 2012, we purchased the remaining interest in Verisign Japan. Though included in our Enterprise Security segment, our Website Security and related PKI solutions are not marketed or sold as part of our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform. Moving to the financial impact from the divestiture. When we report our second quarter earnings in November, we expect Website Security will be reported as part of discontinued operations. At that time, we will update our fiscal 2018 guidance to exclude the impact of Website Security and related PKI assets. Today, for modeling purposes, I will provide a framework for the financial impact of the divestiture to our ongoing business. As a reminder, these solutions are within our Enterprise Security business segment. Together, and on a full-year basis, the Website Security and related PKI products are expected to contribute slightly over $400 million in revenue, approximately $350 million related to Website Security and approximately $50 million related to select PKI assets; and combined operating income of just over $180 million in fiscal 2018. Given the nature of carve-outs, after closing, we will continue to be burdened with stranded costs of just over $50 million on a full-year basis that were previously allocated to the Website Security and related PKI products, which will not be transferred to DigiCert. We expect the combined impact of the transaction, on a full-year basis, to our fiscal 2018 operating income would be a reduction of approximately $235 million, incorporating the combined operating income of the business and stranded costs. Assuming the divestiture and, again, on a full-year basis, we expect our pro forma acquisition adjusted total revenue growth for fiscal year 2018 would be approximately 0.5 point higher; and our Enterprise Security growth, acquisition adjusted, would be higher by approximately 1.5 points. We expect our operating margin in fiscal 2018 would be approximately 150 basis points lower than our previous guidance of 36% to 37%. And we would expect the Enterprise Security operating margin percentage, excluding the Website Security and related PKI products, to be in the low-20s compared to our current outlook of the high-20s. Again, excluding Website Security and related PKI products for the entirety of the fiscal year, we would expect EPS to be approximately $0.20 lower in fiscal 2018 relative to our original guidance, assuming relatively constant weighted average share count. Finally, we would expect fiscal 2018 cash flow, from a run rate perspective, to be approximately $200 million lower than our current guidance. When completed, we expect one-time cash taxes, fees and expenses of approximately $350 million in the aggregate, resulting from the transaction with DigiCert, although that estimate is subject to change. We expect the transaction proceeds, net of expected taxes and expenses will be primarily used to repay debt. Now, let me talk longer term with respect to the fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2020 perspective we gave at our Financial Analyst Day. For fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2020, we continue to expect total organic revenue growth to be mid to high-single digits. However, post divestiture, we expect to get to high-single digit total company organic revenue growth faster than we originally expected. For this longer term outlook, we now expect Enterprise Security organic revenue growth of high-single to low-double digits, up from mid to high-single digits previously. In fiscal 2019 and 2020, we continue to expect total company operating margin percentage in the high-30s and now expect Enterprise Security operating margins in the high-20s. And we continue to expect low teens EPS growth as we provided at our Financial Analyst Day. Once closed, we will update and confirm all of these impacts for you. In summary, in Q1, we outperformed our revenue guidance across both Enterprise Security and Consumer Digital Safety, and we are optimistic about our sales pipelines which gives us confidence in our second half outlook. Within one year from the closing of the Blue Coat acquisition, we've made significant progress integrating Blue Coat and Symantec products, eliminated an enormous amount of complexity in the business, successfully combined two sales teams and rolled out our new Channel program. Even with all these changes, we remain ahead of plan on our cost savings and synergy initiatives, which gives us confidence in our guidance and the significant ramp up in operating margins we expect this year. Our guidance for the fiscal second quarter is consistent with the first half guidance we provided at the Financial Analyst Day. With respect to our 2018 outlook, we've updated our fiscal year 2018 guidance to reflect the favorable foreign currency benefit. But we are maintaining our constant currency guidance given the execution that is still to come in the second half of the fiscal year. As I discussed, the decision to divest our Website Security and related PKI assets is expected to provide us with greater focus and an improved top line growth trajectory. To conclude, we transformed our business in fiscal year 2017, and this fiscal year is about execution. The execution taking place now will set us up for great opportunity in fiscal 2019 and beyond to achieve mid to high-single digit organic revenue growth, which we expect will come faster as a result of the divestment of our Website Security and related PKI assets and to deliver industry-leading margins from our operational improvements, resulting in low teens earnings growth and strong cash generation to drive shareholder value. Thank you. And let me transition the call to Nate for Q&A.
Nate Pollack - Symantec Corp.: Thank you. Operator, we're ready for Q&A.
Operator: We would now like to open up for questions and answers. In the interest of time, so that we may attempt to get everyone's questions, please limit your questions to one question and one follow-up question. Our first question is from the line of Sarah Hindlian from Macquarie.
Sarah Hindlian - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi, guys. Congratulations on the quarter, Greg and Nick. A couple questions for you. I would love to get some clarity on the rationale behind the sale of DigiCert's business? And what that 30% stake is going to enable you to do and how that's going to impact the Enterprise segment, if at all, going forward? And, Nick, you mentioned using the proceeds of the sale to delever the balance sheet. Is that sort of the entirety of the proceed usage? And then, a follow-up for Greg. I'd love to know how the subscription adoption of web proxies is progressing within Blue Coat as well?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Okay. Thanks, Sarah. So let me start with some of the rationale, and then I'll pass over some of the financial numbers to Nick. So as many of you have followed in the news, the SubCA and Website Security SSL/TLS certificate business has been ongoing. And we feel that this area needs a very focused and dedicated team on it and we think that DigiCert is the right partner for that. As you all may be aware, we were looking through all of the Certificate Authority partners to find the best partner to execute a model where certificates could be minted outside of Symantec also. And DigiCert definitely differentiated themselves in that space, for the global nature of our business, and also I think it's a very well run, excellent business. So we feel that this part of the industry needs an extremely focused management team. And we also are very pro-consumer here at Symantec, and this also removes some uncertainty for our customers and gives a path forward for Website Security. I think this industry needs some investment, and DigiCert is very well set up, especially when combined with Symantec Website Security, to really lead that investment and really drive the state of the industry forward, especially around things like certificate management lifecycle, things like that. So we feel that this a great move for our customers. It's also something that allows us to focus on what our Enterprise core business is which, as we discussed in our prepared remarks, is our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform. And we think that, all in all, this is a great outcome for long-term Symantec growth and also for the certificate cap industry and also a great outcome for our customers. So with that, I'll pass over to Nick to hit a couple of those financial questions. Go ahead, Nick.
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: Hi, Sarah. Let me sum up a couple of pieces for you and a little bit is in the script, but let me walk through it. So on the Enterprise side of the fence, keep in mind, if I look forward to 2019, FY 2018 we have to close the transaction. We've given you a perspective of a full-year basis for FY 2018, but I think it's better for you to look forward to 2019. And if I think about the Enterprise business in 2019, we think this benefits the growth outlook for Enterprise in 2019. So when we talked before about our medium term outlook at our Financial Analyst Day of Enterprise Security revenue of mid to high-single digit growth, that gets benefited. So it's actually a little higher than that. So it's high-single to low-double digit in terms of organic revenue growth for the Enterprise group. On the profitability side, it impacts it a bit the other way because we won't be over 30% in terms of margins, but we'll certainly be in the high 20s. That's a combination of the business itself, which we walked through the profitability of it, as well as those stranded costs. And the stranded costs are really around, as we support the transition services of the agreement and try to do our best to transition the business to DigiCert and help them get it ramped up and going. So we just need to be thoughtful about that. I think, importantly, on those stranded costs, those will fall off over time; and again, that's a $50 million number that will fall off over time. In terms of the overall transaction, the equity, we feel good about this business being managed by the experts at DigiCert. And that equity interest is  they're running the business, so that is equity interest for us and that will show up in other income going forward. We've not put that into any models or thought about that in terms of any models at this point in time. We'll update you once we close and get past those pieces. And then, finally, you asked about proceeds. And certainly this is a business where once we get to close and once we get through determining evaluations and tax liability, et cetera, there will be a set of net cash proceeds and a split of that between domestic and international. And you should expect that the U.S. proceeds, we'll be able to use pretty quickly for debt reduction. And then, on the international side, we have to just work through on our ongoing structures there. But that hopefully sums it up for you.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: And, Sarah, just one more comment. DigiCert is very experienced at migrating large web PKIs. So in their history, they have a substantial experience of doing that and we think that that's going to be extremely good for our customers. And I think that's really big shout-out on the call that we think that this is going to land things in a great spot for that very important Enterprise customer and other folks in the (47:13). So moving on to your next question about subscription and Blue Coat. I think one of the things that we are very excited about in the quarter, which was in our prepared remarks, we have had some very nice network cloud success. What we've done in Integrated Cyber Defense is we've put a big effort into integrating our Web Security cloud with our Cloud Access Broker, with our Data Protection technology. So if you're a customer and you're wanting to go all cloud for your sort of Web Security needs, we have that covered. If you have any compliance issues, data compliance issues, that's in the stack through our DLP integration. And then, if you need any multifactor authentication to reduce risk there, that's in the stack. That's all integrated. We had an outstanding quarter in displacing our competitors in that space and winning just net new business. We feel really good about that. From a booking to revenue situation, over the last year and a half, if you think about what that number was like in Blue Coat prior to the Symantec integration a year and a half ago, that number is a lot more to the balance sheet, which is really the effect of selling a lot more cloud in the Blue Coat mix.
Operator: Okay. And our next question is from the line of Shaul Eyal from Oppenheimer.
Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co.: Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. Congrats on the solid set of results. Also, thank you for the added color and transparency on the Consumer on some of the ARPU numbers. Greg, I want to start with bird's-eye view type of question. So I know you mentioned bits and pieces of that during your prepared remarks, but WannaCry hit the tape on May 14, Petya took place during the final week of June. Can you share with us whether you've seen that as a headwind or a tailwind? I think, clearly, in your case, it appears to be a little bit of a tailwind. And secondly, Symantec has a sizable European exposure, yet you showed the solid performance in that region unlike many other security players this quarter specifically. How do you see yourself different from some of the other players within that European arena? Thank you for that.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Yes. Let me start with sort of the malware crisis that we had in the quarter. WannaCry, Petya, they were serious things. One of the things that happened here at Symantec was our customers were protected from both of those malware plagues. And I mentioned in my prepared remarks that as of a few days ago, we had blocked over 1 billion attempted infections from that EternalBlue vulnerability and WannaCry. We were out in front of that one. We had coverage in all kinds of pieces of that technology. And that really helped us because some of our competitors didn't fare well in that crisis. We were a good operator for the industry. We shared our information through, I think, what is a very solid alliance that we have the other network security players and other security players through Cyber Threat Alliance and helped the world kind of get around that. I think the fact that WannaCry and Petya didn't get our customers was really a testament to the innovation and R&D that we have put into in our product set over the last few years. SEP 14 was a solid release. It definitely carried a lot of water on that. And also, our threat labs were all over that. You might have seen us on the news really early in that attack. We knew a lot about it and we shared that with all the various enforcement agencies and whatnot. So I think we fared well there. What happened there is, we did definitely saw an uptick in pipeline from some of the very major accounts that were affected by that malware; and that has given us a solid lift in our Enterprise pipeline. Those things are displacements of existing competitors. They take a little while to get tested and deployed. We do hope to see some better outlook in future quarters from what happened there. So that was quite good. Now, moving to Symantec Europe. We're definitely not seeing the same as many others had reported around issues in Europe in our business. I think what's happening there is we have our Integrated Cyber Defense offering. So we're in accounts. We've taken some share. We've got a very powerful story for kind of the higher end of the market, and that is something that is carrying the water for us. And then, I think also in the middle market, our effectiveness around some of this malware was great. And so, if you think about that, we have a very powerful opportunity just mining in the installed base, which is really helping us out as we're bringing a differentiated value proposition to point vendors.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley.
Keith Eric Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you, guys, for taking the questions. I wanted to dig in a little bit on the sales force reorg. It was a pretty significant change that you made in the overall organization. Can you kind of give us sort of a mark-to-market on where are we in terms of implementing those changes? I guess, the overall question, are we out of the woods in terms of feeling comfortable that there's not going to be any further disruption in that business?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Yes. So, Keith, thanks for that question. That's a good one. So we did enter, the beginning of Q1, with a completely aligned sales force. And summary is, it worked, as you can see in the results. And that was where had truly  if you think about it as a capacity at sort of the named account layer, we have had two people in the same account. We started April with having realigned that entire sales force to a few accounts each. And so, that give us a massive capacity expansion in the (53:17) of the market. As you know, from the Financial Analyst Day and other remarks, we had put more emphasis on the back half of FY 2018. We expect that capacity to come into play later in the year and then into FY 2018 and 2019. In addition to that, we integrated a bunch of information systems that we manage the sales force with that went live in the quarter. They held up. And so, we do think that we are underway in a good place on that sales force alignment. We have some more to go in terms of systems and integration and making sure we've got all the pieces right. So I want to give us a health check that that transformation is in a good place. Just a little bit to go in the next couple quarters. And so, we're keeping a real close eye on it. The other thing I'd just like to mention is attrition is extremely low in our sales force, which is always a test of whether or not our folks think we're set up for success in the future. So that was a big change. We were definitely very focused on it as a management team and a sales execution team in Enterprise, and we've got through it pretty well.
Keith Eric Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it, and maybe one follow-up for Nick. The $0.20 number you gave for potential EPS impact in FY 2018 from a full year view, just so we're clear, is that just sort of the impact from the operating income that's going to come out of the equation? Or does that also include the potential sort of benefit from sort of the other income? Does it have anything in there for debt repurchases on that side of your ledger?
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: Yes. Good question, Keith. So what we're trying to do for FY 2018 is give you the perspective full-year basis of the business. So the $350 million of the business we talked about in Website Security plus the related TKI assets gets you to the $400 million level. It's the operating income associated with that. It is also a set of the stranded costs. There are some puts and takes otherwise for 2018, but we really have to get to close, which is why I was really pointing at FY 2019 on the business side of the fence. We will expect that there is a result from the JV side of the fence that will show up in other income, though us talking about or guiding to any of that at this point in time is a little premature. So we want to wait until we get to closure and get past close, where we will update with certainty the FY 2018 guidance for you and then be able to roll through those things for FY 2019 for you as well. But the big chunks here are, you've got the business itself. And I walked through the operating income associated with the business, the $400 million issued business, and then the stranded costs which are a good $50 million in stranded costs. And the stranded costs, once we get to FY 2019 and we mostly get out of the transition services arrangements and some of those could go longer. That's when we'll be able to really be thoughtful about going after those stranded costs, which will be beneficial to the EPS side.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Gabriela Borges from Goldman Sachs.
Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe for Greg on the M&A strategy from here. Could you elaborate a little on the process to select Skycure and Fireglass and some of the key inputs that went into your discussion on valuation? And going forward, what are the areas where you think you can still build up the technology? And is there is also a scenario where you would consider divesting other pieces of the portfolio that may not be core to that cloud security umbrella?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: So I think, yeah, we are super excited about both Fireglass and Skycure. And these things they stand on their own. Every piece of M&A we do has got a certain case. It's our individual sort of details. So we really like the Fireglass acquisition, because as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, it allows us to isolate potentially risky stuff that's coming from e-mail consumption and also coming from consumption of the web. What that means is, your endpoint is no longer running at risky stuff, its running isolated off in the network somewhere, but the user doesn't really know that that's happening. So it looks like exactly the same user experience without exposing that endpoint to a lot of the risks of that kind of content consumption from the Internet. That is something that is right alongside our endpoint franchise and also our network franchise from the ProxySG franchise, and we can quickly ramp that into the market. And so, we were extremely excited about that. Results at the (58:21) of the security operations center is we're hearing from customers that have been doing this kind of thing, numbers that are a reduction in SOC events that are in very high numbers can't be ignored. And we have run this past a large number of our customers and they're very excited about it. Moving to Skycure, Skycure brings technology to the table that we've been looking for in our consumer and in our SEP franchise. It brings us, in the iOS context, on the Apple phones and iPads and whatnot from, I would say, not number one in the industry, to definitely being right up the top of the industry around effectiveness on iOS and mobile. But even more importantly, Skycure brings a technology approach to malware detection that also works in closed operating systems. And we believe that future will be almost 100% mobile in a few years and that many of the operating systems will become closed like Windows 10 S and iOS, and making sure that we can bring a defense and depth back into the customer base there. Those two acquisitions really play straight into the franchises we've got. Same SEs can sell it, same buyers can buy it, and it's really a really great adjacency for us. And we really like that kind of tuck-in acquisition because we know we've got the sales force and the channel to drive it, and we look for real value really moving the needle at the customer. And so, we think those two are great. In terms of divesting other assets in the business, we announced the DigiCert acquisition of the Website Security business. We are always looking at the portfolio making sure we got it lined up right for the future growth of this new benefit to our shareholders. At this point, we don't have any other plans to do anything, and also we're not on any kind of M&A quota. If we find something, we always got our eyes open, okay?
Operator: And our next...
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: I think we have time for one more question. Then we've got to run. Go ahead.
Operator: And our next question is from Andrew Nowinski from Piper Jaffray.
Andrew James Nowinski - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great. Thanks for squeezing me in. Nice quarter, guys. So I just want to ask a question on the Consumer segment. So Consumer revenue exceeded the high end of your guidance. I know LifeLock was above expectations. But can you give us any more color on the growth rates or demand trends you saw for both Norton and LifeLock in Q1? And then, I have a follow-up.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Yes. Nick, do you want to take that one or  you go ahead, yeah.
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: Okay. I think the first thing I'll say is  and we tried to make sure it was in the script  we're seeing a big difference from a business that's growing 1% in the first quarter this year from one a year ago that was shrinking 8%. So that's, number one, something we feel really good about. And the teams on the Consumer side deserve a lot of credit for making a lot of progress. We saw benefit on both the Norton side and LifeLock side. We're bringing together a set of things now and we're rolling out those Digital Safety bundles. We're rolling out Norton Core. There's a lot of positive energy. I think what you also saw is on the operating margin side some recognition of synergies early, which we also feel good about. So all in all, a very different picture than a year ago. Integration is, I would say, almost ahead of schedule in places. So that's good as well.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: And I also just would like to comment on the integration. I think that the shot in the arm that Symantec gets from an organization like LifeLock that bring a lot of talent, a lot of passion to the business, that's huge shout out for those guys in the company that are really making a difference and our Norton team. Norton performed extremely well. That WannaCry and Petya outbreak, our Norton customers were protected from that. I think that that part of the business is absolutely on the front foot morale-wise making a difference. And we are very confident that that acquisition of LifeLock is going to do very well.
Andrew James Nowinski - Piper Jaffray & Co.: That's great. And then I think you mentioned that you're going to start cross-selling the LifeLock product this quarter into the Norton installed base. Do you intend on adjusting the pricing of the bundled products and what's your estimate for the number of Norton customers you think you can cross-sell that LifeLock into?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: We think that that percentage of people that are potential to purchase a combined bundle, we'll call it Digital Safety concepts, are very high. Pricing on each of the different cohorts and the different packaged bundles is a pretty detailed discussion. There's a lot going on there, and we have an excellent set of folks that are working through that and we run a lot of surveys and test. But we are bringing out combined bundles this quarter, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, and we look forward to that being well accepted.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: So with that, I think we need to end the call, folks. Really appreciate your support. Thanks for listening to us today. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for participating in today's Q1 2018 fiscal earnings call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-05-10 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jonathan Doros - Symantec Corp. Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp. Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.
Analysts: Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Sarah Hindlian - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Melissa A. Gorham - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Matthew George Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC Andrew James Nowinski - Piper Jaffray & Co. Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Operator: Good day. My name is Ian, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. Mr. Jonathan Doros, you may begin your conference.
Jonathan Doros - Symantec Corp.: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our call to discuss our fourth quarter fiscal year 2017 earnings results. We've posted the earnings materials and prepared remarks to our Investor Relations Events webpage. Speakers on today's call are Greg Clark, Symantec's CEO; and Nick Noviello, Executive Vice President and CFO. This is a live call that will be available for replay via webcast on our website. I'd like to remind everyone that all references to financial metrics are non-GAAP, unless otherwise stated. We provide year-over-year constant currency growth rates in our prepared remarks for revenue. During the call we may speak to growth adjusted for acquisitions metric, which includes prior period non-GAAP revenue from acquisitions adjusted for Symantec's accounting policies including quarterization. All non-GAAP revenue and expenses exclude the impact of Veritas, however the continuing operations deferred revenue on the balance sheet includes a portion of Veritas deferred revenue from Symantec and Veritas bundled contracts entered into prior to operational separation. The Veritas deferred revenue from those contracts will amortize into discontinued operations. As a result implied billings growth calculated from the change in deferred on the balance sheet will not be representative of stand-alone Symantec's performance as it will include an impact from Veritas. Please note, non-GAAP financial measures referenced during this call are reconciled to their comparable GAAP financial measures in the press release and supplemental materials posted on our website. We believe our presentation of non-GAAP financial measures, when taken together with corresponding GAAP financial measures, provides a meaningful supplemental information regarding our operating performance for reasons discussed below. Our management team uses those non-GAAP financial measures in assessing our operating results, as well as when planning, forecasting and annualizing future periods. We believe those non-GAAP financial measures also facilitate comparisons of our performance to prior periods and to our peers and that investors benefit from understanding of the non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures are supplemental and should not be considered a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Today's call contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current date and, as such, involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information. You will also find a detailed discussion about our risk factors in our filings with the SEC and, in particular, on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 30, 2016. We would like to remind everyone that we'll be hosting a Financial Analyst Day on June 8. Further details are available on our Investor Relations website. And now, I'd like to introduce our CEO, Greg Clark. Go ahead Greg.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Thank you for joining us. Fiscal 2017 was a transformative year at Symantec with substantial improvement across the entire company. Fiscal 2018 marks the second half of our execution plan to fundamentally transform Symantec's enterprise and consumer businesses addressing both revenue growth and profitability. Today, we announced our Q4 fiscal year 2017 results. And we're also raising our fiscal 2018 EPS outlook to $1.75 to $1.85. I will recap our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2017 results, update you on our progress within Enterprise Security and Consumer Security segments, discuss our transformation and cost savings commitments, and our CFO, Nick Noviello, will provide more details on our financial results and fiscal 2018 outlook. Beginning with Q4, our results demonstrate strong and consistent execution relative to our expectations. During the quarter, we saw further evidence that our investments and commitments to innovation are distinguishing us as the leader in cyber security for the cloud generation. Let me highlight a few key areas from the quarter. Our overall Q4 business activity was strong and consistent with our expectations. And within Enterprise Security, we saw a faster than expected increase in mix towards cloud subscription and virtual appliances. We believe this product mix shift is a positive for our business both financially and strategically, is a proof that our customers are designing Symantec into their future cloud security architectures. Enterprise Security profitability has improved dramatically with Q4 fiscal year 2017 operating margins up 17 points year over year. Consumer Security revenue growth performed better than our guidance, and LifeLock came in above our revenue expectations as well. Overall, we continued to perform ahead of plan on our cost efficiencies and synergies. Total company margins were at the high end of our guidance. And as a result, we delivered EPS at the high end of our guidance, excluding LifeLock. Now turning to our Enterprise business, we are combining best of breed product innovation with unmatched scale. This is leading to significant competitive advantage and differentiates us in the market as the leading cyber security provider for enterprises. During the fourth quarter, business activity was strong. We are pleased to report Enterprise Security grew 2% organically in the quarter. The business activity of our Blue Coat products were in line with our expectations at above-market growth. And we hit a big milestone in Q4, as we have achieved feature parity between our network products delivered through an appliance and its corollary in the cloud. We now have the leading software elements across relevant deployment methods: appliances, virtual appliances, and pure cloud. During the quarter, we doubled the number of cloud proxy competitive wins versus our next largest cloud competitor. And we are pleased that we saw accelerating demand for cloud and subscription solutions. Selling more cloud solutions is a positive indicator for future success. This has an effect on end period revenue with the benefit of increased deferred revenue. The Blue Coat subscription offerings are now approaching $100 million revenue run rate, growing 67% year on year in the fourth quarter with business activity more than doubling on an annualized basis. Now on to Consumer Security results for Q4 fiscal year 2017; Consumer Security exceeded the high end of our revenue guidance on an organic basis, and LifeLock performed above revenue expectations with strong underlying growth metrics. LifeLock renewal rates increased year over year and cumulative ending members were up 8% year over year. This is an impressive result amidst the significant acquisition and integration activity. Moving to the full year fiscal 2017, the results show improving revenue performance and delivered ahead of plan on operating efficiency, while we are, at the same time, integrating our transformative acquisitions. Nick will cover the full year fiscal year 2017 details in his remarks. Now let me turn to the strategic progress we are making in Enterprise Security. Our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform is clearly resonating with customers. We believe our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform provides the security reference architecture for the future of IT environments whether on premise, software defined or in a pure cloud delivery model. The strength of our platform begins with a strong commitment to leading cyber defense intelligence. As we have commented on previously, the integration of Blue Coat and Symantec threat intelligence has created a differentiated lens into the threat landscape. An example of our artificial intelligence adding significant value with this data is now resulting in blocking an additional 3.2 million attacks every day. We expect more advancements from our artificial intelligence as we further integrate our network and endpoint data. Our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform ingests this threat intelligence and combines it with robust integrated functionality across our user, web, information, and messaging solutions. Turning to a representative customer example, recently one of the world's largest food and drug retailers with over 60,000 users embarked upon an initiative to move to the cloud and upgrade their security infrastructure. Our sales team moved the conversation with the customer from speaking about a combination of point solutions to articulating the benefits of our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform. We delivered a solution that improved the customer's security posture and reduced their expense. Given the increased Symantec footprint, this customer is now paying approximately 60% more to Symantec but reduced their overall security spend by an estimated 25% and took a major step forward in their security posture. We expect these type of win-win opportunities to be commonplace as companies are looking for integrated platforms as they struggle with technology sprawl and runaway costs due to isolated point vendors. Now let me highlight our leadership in cloud security. In order for the enterprise customer to take advantage of the cloud, security solutions must be incorporated that reduce the risks inherent in the cloud generation. All of our major solutions are now delivering in the cloud and designed for the new risks our customers are facing. For example, we have an industry-leading approach to securing cloud applications. We have combined cloud proxy, CASB, Data Loss Prevention, and multi-factor authentication into one complete offering that addresses these new risks. We believe we are the only company that has all of these major components and we'll enjoy this position for the foreseeable future. When compared to the alternatives of an internal IT shop procuring and integrating multiple solutions from point vendors, we are an obvious choice. In Q4 we saw a substantial traction with our entire cloud security portfolio. As an example of our success, during the quarter we won a large deal at a major technology services company that is undergoing a cloud transformation. The customer took the first steps in adopting this platform for their internal environment with the purchase of our cloud proxy and DLP. This was a highly competitive win and a massive endorsement to our strength in cloud security given how cloud-centric IT services organizations are today. We see many deals in the pipeline that are similar in nature. Turning to our endpoint security solution, endpoint security is a key component of our platform and its success has resulted in customers cross buying additional components of our cyber defense platform. In Q4, we saw continued success with SEP 14 from both a product and sales standpoint. SEP 14 detection rates have improved 26% compared to SEP 12. Competitive wins are increasing and SEP 14 has not witnessed a significant technical loss. For example we replaced a major competitor at a large financial services company. There were multiple drivers of the win including SEP integration with ProxySG and our superior machine learning capabilities. The competitive landscape is turning in our favor with a leading-market share endpoint vendor removed from a third party endpoint leadership quadrant as well as smaller endpoint providers experiencing some recent significant missteps. Overall we see signs of increasing win rates and expect renewal metrics to improve over the medium term. In addition, Endpoint Detection and Response, EDR, is an important part of the endpoint market that is garnering attention from customers. The next release of our converged endpoint plus EDR solution is launching soon. As we introduce this new version of converged endpoint plus EDR into our installed base, we expect to have a similar impact to the current point EDR solution vendors as SEP 14 is having on point machine learning and exploit prevention vendors. For example, during the fourth quarter we closed a nearly 180,000 endpoint win with a large IT services company that included our EDR and endpoint security. The customer was overwhelmed with the high volume of alerts across 40 countries and was seeking to consolidate their endpoint security to a single vendor. We won due to our strong technology and single agent architecture. This win involved replacing two competitors out of our customer's endpoint environment. We have made strong progress in EDR and are pleased with our first year in the market closing approximately 600 customers. We believe, given our rapid adoption, we are already a meaningful player in the EDR market one year after launch. This is an example of our competitive advantage enabled by our platform. In summary on endpoint progress, the power of our platform improves the security posture of our customers while enabling them to drive down their overall security cost per employee. The combination of cloud proxy, CASB, DLP, and multi-factor authentication enables the cloud generation. With SEP 14, we are now the leading next generation endpoint provider and will further extend our leadership with the introduction of the converged endpoint and EDR. Now onto our Consumer Security segment, the acquisition of LifeLock was a catalyst that expanded the business on to a new market category of Consumer Digital Safety. We believe digital safety increases our addressable market to an estimated $10 billion growing in the high single digits. We have expanded our value proposition by offering a comprehensive digital safety solution that delivers more value to the customer than PC malware protection alone and protects all aspects of a consumer's digital life including their information, identities, devices, homes and families. In addition, we now have a much larger demand generation budget for enhancing our brand and driving new customer acquisitions. We expect this competitive differentiation will fuel sustainable long-term growth in new customers and retention metrics. During the quarter we are already seeing signs that the strategy is working. Norton results were better than our outlook driven by renewal metrics and new products such as mobile solutions and privacy technology. We see a significant opportunity to deliver more value to our loyal customers which we will expand upon in more detail at the Financial Analyst Day. At a high level, there are multiple growth drivers that underpin our digital safety strategy. Let me outline the major components. First, leverage our larger demand generation. By combining Norton and LifeLock we have substantially increased our demand generation engine that can inform the market of our expanded value proposition. Our combined demand generation spend nearly triples compared to Norton stand-alone, and we expect it will provide greater economies of scale. For example, we recently rolled out a co-branded marketing campaign by leveraging LifeLock's existing paid TV and radio advertising spend. Second, transitioning to a digital safety offering. Another lever for growth is transitioning our loyal Norton customer base to our digital safety bundle We began our journey to digital safety by cross selling new offerings such as Wi-Fi privacy and our upcoming home IT security and next generation parental control solution, Norton Core. We have already begun the preliminary phases of cross selling Norton into the LifeLock base through a referral process. And in June, we plan to begin to cross-sell the LifeLock and Norton bundle, which we believe has potential to drive upside to our current outlook. As a reminder, identity protection customers pay 2 to 3 times more for protecting their identity than the average selling price of PC malware protection. We were purposely measured in our cross-sell launch of LifeLock into the Norton base to ensure our internal systems and processes were tightly aligned. Moreover, with approximately 50% of the Norton installed base outside the U.S., international expansion of the digital safety bundle is a large opportunity. Third, mobile security. Mobile users increased 50% year over year driven by both Android and iOS growth. In April, we signed an agreement with a large international telco to deliver Norton Mobile protection for their customer base, which is a new route to over 43 million wireless subscribers. We are also seeing an uptick in demand of mobile private VPN due to recent legislation that permits ISPs to share customers' internet activity. Finally, Norton Core, which has the potential to be a significant growth driver. Norton Core is an exciting extension to our digital safety platform. We are seeing continued strong reception from partners and industry participants. We expect the combined consumer business to reach growth adjusted for acquisitions by the first half of fiscal 2018. We plan to accomplish this while maintaining industry leading profitability, which provides us with the flexibility to continue investing in driving long term growth in our Consumer Digital Safety business. Turning to recent developments related to our website security solution. As you may be aware, in late March, Google put forth a proposal that, if implemented, would introduce major changes to the processes and operations that are standard across our industry, including our Certificate Authority business. Since that time, we've been engaged in conversations with Google, Mozilla, and other members of the CA community to seek input on our counter proposal that we believe minimizes business disruption for our customers and improves trust in Symantec's CA business. We believe we will find a mutually agreeable path forward that is in the best interest of our customers, and we expect discussions around our proposal to continue and have factored our current expectations around this headwind into our financial outlook. Now, I would like to address the transformation of the overall Symantec business and our operational commitments. We indicated there was a strong industrial logic to our transformation. Exiting fiscal 2017, we believe this industrial logic is materializing across the business. Last June, we committed to a set of cost savings and synergies. We're achieving these savings at a faster pace than originally anticipated and we are ahead of plan exiting fiscal 2017. Exiting fiscal 2017, the financial profile of Symantec has substantially improved from what would have been the picture not even a year ago. For example, Enterprise Security operating margins improved from 5% in fiscal year 2016 to 13% in fiscal year 2017 and we are forecasting exiting fiscal year 2018 with over 30% enterprise operating margins. Fiscal 2018 begins the second half of our execution plan to fundamentally transform Symantec across both revenue growth and increased profitability. As we exit fiscal year 2018, at the highest level, we expect organic revenue growth for each of our segments, and total organic revenue growth for the company in the mid-single digits with market leading operating margins, in Enterprise Security above 30% and in Consumer Security above 40%. We are entering the year with significant operational improvements in our go-to-market processes and have simplified the demand chain and programs to our partners reducing substantial complexity across the business. We have made substantial transformational changes in our Enterprise Security segment related to SKUs, price lists, partners and systems. And today, we have a very capable and proven team that can navigate integration complexity and continue to focus on disciplined operational execution. We have combined two quota carrying sales forces thus increasing our productive sales capacity. From the close of the Blue Coat transaction through the end of fiscal year 2017, we effectively maintained the equivalent of 2 sales reps per named account, with divided territories. Over the last nine months, we have worked to align our sales capacity more efficiently. We are confident that our efforts are already translating to results, however, we believe it is prudent to begin the fiscal year 2018 Q1 with modest close rate assumptions, allowing for additional sales capacity to take effect. In summary, the new Symantec has established significant competitive differentiation, which allows us the financial flexibility to maximize our investment in cyber security, which greatly benefits our customers, employees and shareholders. The industrial logic around the Symantec and Blue Coat combination is stronger than ever, and we are combining leading product innovation with unmatched scale, which in our view, is leading to significant competitive advantages. The Integrated Cyber Defense Platform is resonating with customers and the opportunities to significantly expand our wallet share are materializing. We have transformed our Consumer business from PC malware protection to Consumer Digital Safety. This brings significant competitive differentiation and we expect will fuel sustainable long-term growth. We are forecasting that our Norton customers will purchase LifeLock, hence, returning the consumer business to organic growth. We are on track to deliver long-term sustainable growth with leading profitability across both our Enterprise Security and Consumer segments. And we are on track with our expectations to exit fiscal 2018 with organic growth accelerating into the mid single digits with total non-GAAP operating margins over 35%. Now, I will turn the call over to Nick to provide more financial detail.
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: Thank you Greg and good afternoon everyone. Today I will provide an overview of our fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2017 financial results. I will give you context to our segment performance and our cost savings, synergies and the substantial integration, transformation and business process changes we are executing as we round out fiscal year 2017 and enter fiscal year 2018. And I will review with you details around our fiscal year 2018 and first quarter fiscal year 2018 financial outlook. We have also made additional details including reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP measures such as amortization of intangibles and stock based compensation available in our CFO commentary, which is posted on our Investor Relations website. Before I review our results, I would like to remind you that our Q4 and fiscal year 2017 financial guidance provided on February 1 did not include a contribution from the LifeLock acquisition, which subsequently closed on February 9. In our prepared remarks last quarter, we stated that we expected LifeLock to contribute just under $100 million of revenue for the stub period in our Q4, and be $0.01 dilutive to Symantec earnings per share. Let me start with an overview of our Q4 financial results. Our fourth quarter non-GAAP revenue was $1.176 billion, up 36% on a constant currency basis. For the stub period, LifeLock contributed $100 million to revenue during the quarter, which was slightly better than our expectations. Excluding LifeLock, revenue was $1.076 billion compared to our guidance of $1.070 billion to $1.090 billion. While business activity was consistent with our expectations for Q4, we saw the subscription mix within our Blue Coat products above expectations, which had an impact on end period revenue in the quarter. I will expand upon this later in more detail. Overall organic revenue performance was approximately flat, excluding revenue from the Blue Coat and LifeLock acquisitions, with better than expected results in Consumer Security, and growth in Enterprise Security. This is an improvement of 6 points compared to the same period in the prior fiscal year. Non-GAAP operating margin for the fourth quarter was 27%. Excluding LifeLock, our operating margin was 29%, at the high end of our guided range of 27% to 29%. Operationally, our strong non-GAAP operating margin was driven by continued execution against our cost savings initiatives and synergies. Fully diluted non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.28 and included a $0.01 headwind from LifeLock as we anticipated. Excluding LifeLock, fully diluted non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.29, at the high end of our $0.27 to $0.29 guidance range. GAAP earnings per share reflects two elements that were not incorporated in our prior guidance. First, our preliminary valuation of LifeLock, and the related purchase price adjustments, such as revenue and intangibles, and other items we do not include in our non-GAAP earnings. And second, stock based compensation expense, relating not only to LifeLock, but also our alignment of our performance based executive compensation with shareholder interests. Fully diluted shares outstanding increased by 5 million shares to 663 million shares relative to our guidance of 658 million shares, due to the impact from our convertible notes, driven by increased share price and the timing of our share repurchase program. Please see the dilution tables posted to our Investor Relations website where you can see the impact to diluted share count from the convertible notes at various stock prices. Finally, cash from operations during the quarter was $353 million. Now let's review our operating segment performance for Q4 in a bit more detail; first, I'll review the performance of Enterprise Security. Our Enterprise Security segment non-GAAP revenue was $689 million and grew 49% year over year. Excluding acquisitions, Enterprise Security organically grew 2%. Enterprise non-GAAP operating margin was 16%, up 17 points year over year. As Greg stated, we believe our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform will improve the security posture of our customers and considerably reduces their per user cyber security costs, while at the same time increasing our annual wallet share per employee. As we evolve our business to selling integrated solutions, it will become more challenging to delineate growth by each product line on a quarterly basis. That said, we are clearly seeing an improvement in our underlying business. Let me provide three examples of products within our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform. During the fourth quarter, endpoint security grew in the low single digits year over year. .cloud, our SaaS based email security grew over 20% year over year and total email has now inflected to growth of 7%. For the 11 months through the end of our fiscal year, revenue related to Blue Coat products is up 10% year over year. At our Financial Analyst Day, we will discuss metrics that are aligned to how we are managing the business going forward, with examples to show how we are increasing wallet share per protected user through cross buying of our platform, while enabling our customers to improve their security postures through use of our products. Now turning to Consumer Security, our Consumer Security segment non-GAAP revenue for Q4 was $487 million and grew 21% year over year. Non-GAAP operating margin was 42%. Excluding LifeLock, Consumer Security was down 3%, which improved sequentially from the third quarter and versus our guidance of down 4% to down 3%. The improved revenue performance was mainly driven by continued improvement in Norton renewal metrics and to a lesser extent a tailwind from new offerings. LifeLock contributed $100 million to revenue which was higher than our expectations for the stub period. The underlying LifeLock metrics were strong and we have included a summary in the CFO commentary for your review. Now turning to a summary of fiscal year 2017, overall, fiscal year 2017 was a year of important change for our business. As Greg indicated, we are driving significant integration, transformation and business process change across the company, and balancing financial performance as we do so. From a financial perspective, we performed well in fiscal 2017 across all metrics. On our last earnings conference call, we narrowed our fiscal year 2017 currency adjusted revenue growth to the high end of our previous range and raised our non-GAAP earnings per share guidance range, despite headwinds from foreign currency and fully diluted share count. Fiscal year 2017 revenue excluding LifeLock was $4.063 billion, up 12% on a constant currency basis. Revenue was $4.163 billion including the stub period of revenue contribution from LifeLock. Organic revenue growth, excluding Blue Coat and LifeLock, was down just under 3% compared to our original fiscal year 2017 guidance of down 4% to down 1%, and our performance in fiscal year 2016, down 5%. On an organic basis, Consumer Security revenue was down 5%, within our original fiscal year 2017 guidance of down 3% to down 6%. On an organic basis, Enterprise Security revenue was down 1% compared to our original fiscal year 2017 guidance of down 2% to flat. Non-GAAP operating margin excluding LifeLock was 29%, consistent with our prior guidance. We completed the year with over $300 million of run rate cost savings and integration synergies, ahead of our plans. Including LifeLock, non-GAAP operating margin remained at 29%. Non-GAAP EPS was $1.18, including a $0.01 headwind from LifeLock, which is an increase of 15% year over year and above our original guidance of $1.06 to $1.10 provided in May 2016. Cash flow from operations for the full year was negative $220 million but included $887 million in cash tax payments related to the sale of Veritas and $141 million of restructuring and separation payments. With respect to our cost savings initiatives and acquisition integration synergies, on prior calls, we discussed that our total cost savings initiatives are comprised of $400 million in net cost efficiencies on the Symantec business and $150 million in Blue Coat cost synergies to be achieved by the end of fiscal year 2018. In addition, at acquisition announcement, we communicated $80 million of cost synergies for LifeLock by fiscal year 2020, $30 million of which we expect to be achieved by the end of fiscal year 2018. As of the end of fiscal year 2017, we have achieved over $300 million of the $550 million in net cost efficiencies and Blue Coat synergies, which is faster than our original plan. We are also tracking well to achieve the LifeLock synergies of $30 million this year and $80 million by fiscal year 2020. Now turning to balance sheet and capital allocation, as of March 31, we had $4.3 billion in cash and short-term investments and $8.3 billion in gross debt including $1.75 billion of convertible notes. We expect to complete our $500 million accelerated share repurchase before the end of our fiscal first quarter and have $800 million remaining on our current repurchase authorization. Now let me provide you context on how we are entering fiscal year 2018. We have fundamentally transformed both our Enterprise and Consumer Security businesses and are now the largest pure-play cyber security company. Our Enterprise Security business is positioned with a robust and Integrated Cyber Defense Platform that increases the return on investment our customers realize from their security spend. The acquisition of LifeLock was a catalyst that enabled our Consumer business to expand into a new market category of Consumer Digital Safety. With respect to our financial outlook, I want to acknowledge that given the two acquisitions and all of the integration, transformation and business process changes we are executing, investors' financial models need to be updated. We are giving you as much information on this call as we can, and expect to use our Financial Analyst Day to further give you context on the drivers of the financials for each of our business segments and the overall corporation. Let me start with the full year, then provide our first quarter outlook. Further detail and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations and guidance are available in the CFO commentary. For the full year, we expect revenue to increase to $5.1 billion to $5.2 billion at guided rates, which is approximately 3% constant currency growth adjusted for acquisitions at the midpoint. We have incorporated in our guidance an expectation of a further shift to subscription in our Blue Coat network products versus fiscal year 2017, which reflects the recent increase in customers choosing our cloud offerings. This shift benefits future visibility to revenue and end year deferred revenue and cash flow. End year revenue from business moving to subscription will naturally be lower. We have also incorporated in our guidance our revenue expectations for our website security business due to the ongoing dispute with Google and the uncertainty it has created for customers. From a seasonality standpoint we expect the mix of our $5.1 billion to $5.2 billion of revenue to be weighted to the second half of the fiscal year, with about a 2 point shift from the first half, second half revenue mix we saw in the base Symantec business in fiscal year 2017. We believe this is reasonable, given the substantial transformation and business process changes we made in our Enterprise segment at the beginning of the fiscal year. In Consumer, we are launching our digital safety offerings, which are subscription offerings generated by our Norton and LifeLock teams. The combination of these actions in Enterprise and Consumer set us up extremely well to realize fully the value propositions of our transformative acquisitions. That said, the benefits to revenue will accrue later in the fiscal year, as all of the changes take root. For fiscal year 2018, we expect Enterprise Security growth adjusted for acquisitions of 3% to 5%, and Consumer Security growth adjusted for acquisitions of 1% to 3%. We expect that Consumer Security will show growth adjusted for acquisitions in the first half of the fiscal year. As Greg indicated, we expect the company to be exiting fiscal year 2018 at a revenue growth rate in the mid-single digits. We expect non-GAAP operating margins for fiscal year 2018 of 36% to 37%, up 8 to 9 points in constant currency versus fiscal year 2017. We exited fiscal year 2017 ahead of plan on our cost savings and synergy commitments, and expect to maintain our cadence in fiscal year 2018. We remain on track to exiting fiscal year 2018 with our cost savings and Blue Coat synergy programs largely complete. As it relates to the LifeLock synergies, we remain on plan to achieve the $30 million in synergies we committed to by the end of fiscal year 2018 and the $80 million by the end of fiscal year 2020. We expect non-GAAP EPS of $1.75 to $1.85 for fiscal year 2018, which is an increase from our prior guidance of $1.70 to $1.80, and up 52% to 61% versus fiscal year 2017 in constant currency. We expect a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 29.5%, up 50 basis points from fiscal year 2017 and driven by our mix of business. We expect fully diluted weighted average shares outstanding of approximately 675 million, up from 645 million in fiscal year 2017 and driven by increased share price and its impact on our convertible notes and options. We have not built substantial share repurchases into our share count estimates as our focus, from a capital allocation perspective, is on debt reduction. We plan to pay down a portion of our debt outstanding in fiscal year 2018. We have repaid $810 million of pre-payable debt so far this quarter and expect to retire our $600 million bond due in June. We also continue to maintain our regular quarterly dividend. Before I turn to our first quarter outlook, I would like to discuss the progression of our fiscal 2018 outlook. In June 2016 when we laid out our fiscal year 2018 EPS guidance of $1.70 to $1.80, the euro was trading at $1.13 and our underlying share count assumption was 585 million, which implied fiscal year 2018 non-GAAP net income of approximately $1 billion. Our fiscal year 2018 guidance today implies substantial non-GAAP net income improvement versus that initial estimate. At the same time, the euro has depreciated 5% causing an incremental $0.05 headwind to that guidance. Our share price has appreciated by approximately 70%, resulting in approximately 35 million shares of dilution from our convertible debt. The considerable share price appreciation also resulted in our share repurchase program retiring less shares than we had previously anticipated. And in addition, we reallocated a portion of the previously planned share repurchase for the LifeLock acquisition which we determined to be a better use of shareholder capital. Many of our existing long-term focused shareholders are well aware of these moving parts, but for those that are new to Symantec, we believe it is helpful to frame the changes over this timeframe and since this initial fiscal year 2018 non-GAAP EPS range was issued, to where we are today. Moving to our first quarter outlook, given the integration of our acquisitions, business process changes, and modification to sales coverage we put in place at the beginning of April, as well as the shift to more subscription business, we believe it is prudent to set measured first quarter guidance. We expect non-GAAP revenue for the first quarter to be up 37% to 40%, which at guided rates translates to $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion. We expect Enterprise revenues to increase 36% to 40% and Consumer revenue to increase 38% to 40%. We expect operating margins to be 27% to 29%, and expand sequentially each quarter from there. We expect non-GAAP EPS of $0.28 to $0.32 and an underlying share count of 667 million shares. We will share additional details on the outlook of each of our businesses at our Financial Analyst Day in June. So in summary, business activity and momentum with customers was strong as we exited fiscal year 2017. Financially, we saw stronger than expected subscription in our product mix, which impacted end period revenue, but was more than offset by our cost management, driving operating margins and earnings to the high end of our prior guidance. At the same time, our integration, transformation and business process work is going well and is setting us on firm footing to realize the value propositions we outlined to you related to the acquisitions in both our Enterprise and Consumer business segments. Our financial guidance for fiscal year 2018 reflects our work and the fundamental change taking place at Symantec. From a revenue perspective, we expect to see the benefits accrue later in the year, as all of the changes take root and yield results. With 8 to 9 points of operating margin growth, and 52% to 61% non-GAAP EPS growth in fiscal year 2018, we believe the company will be set on a strong trajectory of long term sustainable growth with leading profitability for the future. Thank you for your time and let me turn the call back over to Greg.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Thank you, Nick. Jon, I'll ask you to lead the Q&A.
Jonathan Doros - Symantec Corp.: Operator, please take our first question.
Operator: Certainly. Our first question comes from the line of Shaul Eyal from Oppenheimer and Company.
Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thank you. Good afternoon, Greg, Nick, Jon. I want to start by focusing on the endpoint side of the equation. Progress on EDR without a doubt seemed to be encouraging given some of the metrics and data you disclosed in your prepared remarks. Greg, can you talk to us about some of the market trends driving Endpoint Detection and Response?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Yes, so I think the endpoint is a busy space at the moment, and one of the things that we're really into is delivering a converged endpoint to try to reduce some of the chaos and expense in our customers as we had described in one of the examples. And so we have I think closed the gap on any of the AI-based [stimulus] detection machine learning aspects of the endpoint and always had the best sort of detection technologies that we had. And recently, we had turned our energy onto the EDR front. EDR is a very important piece. It is really trying to get to the repair and response to malware events or cyber security events. We have entered the market last year with that and I think in our prepared remarks we talked about some substantial success in that first year and we really look forward to that converged solution coming into the release of our SEP 14 platform in the very near future. From a customer wallet point of view, there is a wallet open for EDR at the moment in the enterprise, and we do expect to take a good piece of that. And I think another big benefit for us is the effect of that capability in our product in our renewal and we do expect our renewal rates on endpoint to increase. We are also delivering other endpoint technology that is great. We have a future release coming up this year of endpoint integrated very tightly with our proxy technology that will change the game in being able to respond and detect problems. And we have a great cross sell opportunity for endpoint DLP, which is very powerful in the cloud generation for protecting enterprise data from the endpoint to the cloud. So you put all that together, we also think there is a great opportunity for us to take share as some of the big market share leaders have had some headwinds in third party analysis. And as mentioned, in our prepared remarks, it had reports come out that have sort of downgraded their capability. We expect to step into some of that share also. One of the other points I'd like to make about the remarks in our conference call is the traditional Symantec Enterprise Security business grew this quarter in Q4. And remember comments from the prior call where that was slightly negative and we had felt good about our opportunity to bring that back to growth. And that was delivered in Q4.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Sarah Hindlian from Macquarie.
Sarah Hindlian - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi, thank you guys for taking my question. Greg, I wanted to start with you. Could you maybe expand a little bit on what you're seeing in terms of the subscription adoption in Blue Coat, and maybe obviously $100 million run rate is quite large so how is that impacting the product's revenue? And then a second question for you, Nick. We published on the Google SSL issue recently, and we attempted to pin down some impact it would have on your ability to raise EPS outlook, and then in your prepared comments you are calling this out as a factor in your raise of the fiscal year 2018 outlook. And I'm hoping you can help me also quantify if we're in the right ballpark in terms of the adverse impact we're assessing on that as well.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Yeah, so I'll start off. I think with the Blue Coat question. So first we did see more subscription. I think there's a couple of things that are going on there. First of all, we have now achieved feature parity with the Blue Coat solution, whether it be the hardware appliance, the VAs that we deployed for software defined network solutions and also the pure cloud offering. So we want to provide our products to customers the way they want to buy them. And as we see more and more cloud adoption in the enterprise, we now offer our customers the three different versions of how to take that technology on. In the fourth quarter, we saw a more than what we had planned adoption of the cloud and subscription versions of those form factors. Very good result because that is proof that the Symantec technology is being designed into the future network architectures of some of our large enterprise customers. We think that there's going to be more of that in the future, and hence, we have on many conference calls, we have put an underscore on mix as we go forward and we do see, as the cloud generation takes off, more of that mix. We also have seen great traction with our Blue Coat subscription and Blue Coat cloud technology. That is something that is growing at a very strong clip. And as we reported in our remarks, that 67% growth rate at the sort of revenue zip code, we do expect a strong future there. So that hits the current period with tailwinds into the deferred revenue for the future. But we really also want to point out it's difficult to decipher the deferred revenue, and Nick can make comments on that later or at the Analyst Day. But I think it's really important to understand that we did see the expected levels of business in the Blue Coat products in Q4, and we saw a shift of some of the form factor with which it is purchased, which affected some of the end period revenue. Okay, so the business was in good shape. And we're happy with the outcome there.
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: So, Sarah, it's Nick. Thanks for the question. So maybe first of all, let me just frame the general size of the business, around $350 million in that type of a range. A substantial amount of the business especially as we enter a year in, in Q1 will come off the balance sheet. So, obviously I wanted to size it, but as Greg indicated in his comments, we're having a set of conversations and discussions around our business, around the environment with Google and others. So we don't want to get into too much detail and granularity on that at this point in time because those are ongoing discussions, but we feel good about those that are happening. So, suffice it to say, I think it's important to understand the relative size of the business versus the rest of the portfolio. A substantial amount of the business comes off the balance sheet. So obviously that's a risk mitigator in terms of end quarter or quarterly revenue streams and contribution to EPS. But it's certainly something that we think about on the go forward.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley.
Melissa A. Gorham - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. This is Melissa Gorham calling in for Keith. I just wanted to put a finer point on the Q1 guide. So it seems like there's a number of factors that potentially could drive some conservatism. You talked about the certificate business, the shift towards subscription, but you also noted a more modest close rate assumption, just given the integration of the sales force. So I'm wondering if you could just maybe put a little bit of a finer point around those factors if you could help quantify it. And then in terms of the integration of the sales force, where are we in this process and will that kind of extend beyond Q1?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Hey, Melissa. Thank you. Very good questions. So two things are happening and just put an underscore around the product mix that we described and also the ramp in sales. And we did talk in our prepared remarks about two things. We have put a substantial amount of work into the back office systems and what we have done in our demand chain and our channel. That has gone into effect coming out of Q4 and into the first quarter of this fiscal year. And we have spent a lot of time planning and preparing the sort of realignment of our sales force where we used to have that sales force overlap on a bunch of named accounts. We have now worked for the last nine months to align them to the market. And we are just signaling to folks that it will take a little bit of time for that newly-aligned field to get productive. Okay? And so those are two things. And I'll pass the call over  the question over to Nick to hit a couple of these as well.
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: Yeah, Melissa, maybe just to put a point on the non-sales side for a second because Greg's obviously incredibly close to that. But I wanted to also highlight the amount of work that the enterprise team has been doing in the integration activities. And because we are touching every SKU, every disty, every channel partner, all the price lists. The team's been training the sales force since October/November timeframe. There's been a significant  and then the system side of the fence where the team here has really broken through multiple years of stuff that hasn't been integrated to make it integrated. So a lot of work has been done. We look at that as a real positive in terms of the future, in terms of traction, in terms of visibility to our business and all of those pieces. Obviously that all landed at the beginning of the quarter, and we want to be conscious of that. And want to be measured when we think about how fast an individual can pick up all this new stuff and be at 100% capacity with it. Everything feels good, and I think the team is very, very excited about all that change. But just want to be conscious of it, when we pull together the financial side of the fence for Q1. And obviously I indicated in the scripted commentary, also our thoughts around where the revenue falls this year, and it's a different mix in terms of the proportions in the first half of the year versus the second half of the year. That is obviously a discussion of what's going on, on the enterprise side here, and the ramp up that we expect to have, as well as the synergies on the consumer side with the bundles on LifeLock.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: I think that's a good point. Okay, the bundles are important. We mentioned that we are the only vendor in the market in our prepared remarks with the four major pieces of CloudStack, and others really taking what used to be four separate sort of pieces of technology and putting them together. That's an example of a bundle. And when we put it together, how that gets purchased and recognized is different than it may be historically. And I think the other piece that's really, really important is we did do the hard work for those of you who are long-term, we did go after the massive number of different kinds of distribution contracts. Thousands and thousands of SKUs, and reduced those things to a modern demand chain, modern set of distribution contracts and a much, much simplified price book for our products, and so we are going after long-term complexity take-down. And the other piece, I think, that definitely makes me feel good about things is our sales attrition is extremely low. And we come out of a fiscal year with just everybody hit all their  the usual cohort of very good folks did well, and now coming into this year, you usually get a spike in attrition. We did not have that.
Jonathan Doros - Symantec Corp.: Okay, next question.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Matt Hedberg from RBC Capital Markets.
Matthew George Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah, thanks guys. Greg, Enterprise Security, I believe grew 2% organically this quarter. I was wondering if you can provide a bit more granularity on actually how much of ES is growing versus declining. And then maybe just as a quick follow-up, Blue Coat obviously enters a large refresh shortly, can you provide a little bit more color on the magnitude of the refresh, and maybe how you think about incorporating that into your full-year guide?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: So, now let me start off by passing over the growth by product question to Nick, and he can knock some of that down, and I'll come back to the last one.
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: And Matt, you're kind of getting into some stuff that we're looking forward to showing at Financial Analyst Day. So let me just give you some high level statistics. What we're looking at, and the teams, again, on the enterprise side has done a really good job here looking at the products and where we are on the products. And frankly we can group growers and great growers and others, and when we do those types of things, we've got a substantial element of the product on the ES side that are growing already in the mid to high single digits. And that incorporates some of the elements obviously from Blue Coat, from endpoint, et cetera, which we'll show you at the Financial Analyst Day. That is also reflecting only the front end of what we think we can do in terms of the combinations of products and products working together that Greg spoke to. We also indicated that looking at products is going to be difficult go forward as we bundle, but we want to try to give you some of that perspective the best we can. And I'll point you to Financial Analyst Day for some of that material. We also acknowledge that there's elements of the portfolio that are shrinking, right? And that's a small proportion of the whole. When we break it into those types of proportions, we feel that that shrink is going to moderate over the course of the year as some of these things just become less and less important. But we do expect to show you that kind of what set of products are in what camp, if you will, to give you a perspective of what we're working with, and then how that looks going forward, and how we're going to be combining things go forward. But as I indicated in the scripted remarks, I think that us talking about specific products and numbers for specific products in any one quarter, we're going to be doing a lot less of.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Yeah. And Matt, moving to your next question about the Blue Coat refresh, I think there's  we have I would say a very good reputation in the market with respect to the products and technologies that Blue Coat delivered to our customers, and that refresh is coming from having looked at Blue Coat before. What you have is a high end of enterprise and middle enterprise solution that's very popular in that cohort. And so that cohort is migrating to the cloud and really landing in what we call a hybrid cloud situation, where they definitely have need store on premise, hardware in some environments and other stuff they'd like to pick up just purely from the cloud. And for those who have built the virtual infrastructure like the virtualization capabilities, they want to be able to pick this stuff up in a software defined space. So as we roll into the refresh, which really happens in FY 2018, and then throughout FY 2019 in healthy numbers, nothing's happened to the size of it. We do see like we saw in Q4, we expect to see a better natural mix shift to the software defined and pure cloud choices for that, which we think are very good. If you look at a competitive displacement of that, we think we have a better stack for that technology than any other vendor, and we can give it to you how you want to buy it. And that's how we're approaching the refresh is if you want it in cloud, you want it in software defined, you want it in appliances, you tell us, we give it to you. And we think that when you look at the feature set of that set of capabilities, it is extremely differentiated. It is better than anything else on the market. So we are still planning on that going well, and that also is in our thoughts around a strong second half and also a very strong 2019. Okay?
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Andrew Nowinski from Piper Jaffray.
Andrew James Nowinski - Piper Jaffray & Co.: All right, thanks for taking the question. I apologize for the background noise here, but first question on the endpoint, maybe just a follow-up. Can you just give us any more color on the endpoint integration with ProxySG that you had mentioned and how that plays into the conversation with customers? And then second, can you just give also an update on your discussions with cable MSOs, or any other home router providers and how they need to pull your Norton software on top of their hardware in addition to the Norton Core offering that you're about to launch. Thanks.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Yeah, no problem. So let me take on the Norton Core one first, and then I'll circle back to the private. So in the Norton Core discussion, we have seen from the pre-launch of the product at the CES Show around the start of January, we've seen a continuing build in substantial interest both from kind of end customers as well as cable, broadband, telecom operators and other folks that have been traditional channels for more malware oriented technology. So we think that the future is bright for Core, and we've had some very, very good business interactions with some of those providers. We don't have  we don't want to mess up any of our announcements that may happen in the future by talking about that on this call, but I would say that we still are very optimistic about Core. And because of the value proposition, and I think the growing awareness of the plethora of internet enabled devices in the home and being able to take care of that. So we like the business activity around Core, and we think as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the growth driver from that is definitely a reason for optimism. For the first part of your question is really about endpoint and Proxy. And I think that we've delivered. One thing that we talked about on the call, which is very powerful, which is the threat telemetry into our AI that comes from the integration of endpoint and our Proxy technology. And what that means is if we know about something in the web that's bad, the endpoints are aware of that and they won't even initiate those kind of connections when the user is requesting those or when malware is trying to go to those. Also, modern malware comes to you in lots of pieces. It can be taking a long time with different forms of getting there. When we detect that and we go and stitch that back together, we can vaccinate all of those avenues in the network, and thus shut down those infections, and so we really like what's happening right now in our telemetry and the AI associated with it. When we first launched it, we talked about blocking 300-and-some-thousand events per day, and that's gotten smarter over time. And is now into the 3-plus million per day. And so that is extremely encouraging. What's happening next in conjunction with what we're doing in EDR is being able to have our network technology reach back to the client when they see something that they don't understand or something that's new or something that's anomalistic, and ask what's on the other end of this? What is requesting this? What is this? And when we see kind of a Twitter tweet that didn't come from a Twitter app or a browser, we would get very interested in that, and that EDR meets ProxySG. And our security analytics technology delivers a solution that we think will seriously differentiate us in the market. We know a lot about it and we're working hard towards that goal. Additionally, we have some more work we're doing with our client multi-factor authenticator to also enlist our users when we something that's anomalistic, and actually ask them, hey, we noticed this. Are you actually copying all these files right now? And we get a yes or no out of that, and that can really also enlist a very different set of remediation and detection capability. So we are driving innovation in network meets endpoint in a huge way and we are  our engineers are super excited about what's going on. And they run into my office quite often to show me something cool, and I think we're going to excite people as we start to release those pieces of technology where the rest of our network technology meets endpoint.
Operator: And our next...
Jonathan Doros - Symantec Corp.: Next question. I think we have time for one more.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Yeah, go ahead.
Operator: Indeed. Our next question is from the line of Saket Kalia from Barclays Capital.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for fitting me in here. Two questions if I may, first maybe for Greg. Greg, can you just talk about EDR pricing and how that might change just on a unit basis for a customer on SEP 14 adding EDR? And then the second question maybe for you, Nick, on the consumer side, a lot of talk about the LifeLock and Norton bundles. How impactful could that bundle be on your 2018 revenue guide?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Okay. So on the pricing side of EDR, I think the market is definitely used to buying EDR right now. So there's definitely a wallet and a budget open for that. And we do expect to, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, to be able to go in and say where that becomes a Symantec Integrated Cyber Defense Platform solution, we want to be able to give our customers a lower cost of ownership for that integrated product. And so, we expect to take down  we expect that we have an opportunity to, in that share of wallet, to get more for Symantec, but also give back a good chunk to our partners and our customer base. So we do think that we are a huge disruptor to the current state of play in EDR, because we do have a massive installed base. And in our business case, we also like to incent that renewal, which is very helpful for us because we do grow from two good pieces of security real estate, that and the endpoint, that and the network, and that and the big threat analytics. So we like growing and retaining our share at the endpoint. EDR will be a driver for that. I think the other piece that's quite good, we mentioned a very large case where we won an EDR account in our prepared remarks against all of the who's who. We also entered the market just in FY 2017 with EDR, and we did get a very strong set of installs around that that were competitive. So you mentioned the pricing. I think that's still kind of TBD from a list MSRP kind of situation when coupled with the next version of SEP 14. We do expect that to be more for Symantec, less for our customer. Okay?
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: And then maybe just a couple of points on the Norton side of the fence or I should say on the consumer side of the fence with digital safety strategy. So first of all, I think  let me come up for a second and really acknowledge what's happened over the past year. I think the results and the top line results have continued to get better, and we've been better than, and the team has driven better than expected results each quarter. With LifeLock, the actual  the GAAP results are basically flat year-on-year, and I think nobody would have expected that. Obviously I realize there's a stub period in there for LifeLock, but as we project forward into FY 2018, we have a consumer organization that is growing and is growing organically. And I think that's really important based upon a couple of things. Some of them, we're seeing already, such as the renewal metrics, the mobile solutions, the privacy technology. And some of them are on the LifeLock side of the fence in the bundles between Norton and LifeLock. And we continue to be very, very positive on that interlink. There is  the last piece I'd say is between the two, we have a substantial demand gen budget. And we are utilizing that. We are doing all of the pieces in terms of building and getting those bundles ready. Greg mentioned some timing on some of that stuff in his prepared remarks. I'm going to point you to Financial Analyst Day again because I know that Fran will be spending much more time talking about it then as well. So we are very positive on it. I think what I don't want to do is have you think that it's only the bundles that are driving the betterment in consumer. It's the work that's going on in just blocking and tackling of the basics of renewals, on new products as well. But we feel very, very good about the prospects for consumer and for organic growth in FY 2018.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: We're forecasting organic growth in FY 2018 for consumer, and there's a lot of room for positive thoughts about how that's going to go.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: So, I think that's it. We're out of time, overtime. And I'd just like to thank all of you for getting on the call and asking some great questions. And at this point, in the transformation of Symantec, I think we have achieved some outstanding results on the operational efficiencies and the margin optimization. And I think we are set up on an outcome for FY 2018 that we feel as management team is achievable. And we feel great about what happens coming out of FY 2018 into FY 2019, and that is something that we really look forward to the discussion at Financial Analyst Day. We'll put the coffee pot on early. It's going to be a lot of detail. There's a lot to discuss. And look forward to seeing you all in person I think in just a little less than a month on June 8. So thank you very much for your time today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's fourth quarter earnings call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-02-01 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jonathan Doros - Symantec Corp. Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp. Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.
Analysts: Matthew George Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Andrew James Nowinski - Piper Jaffray & Co. Keith Eric Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, my name is Ian, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Fiscal Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. . I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jonathan Doros. Sir, you may begin.
Jonathan Doros - Symantec Corp.: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our call to discuss our third quarter fiscal year 2017 earnings results. We've posted the earnings materials and prepared remarks to our Investor Relations, Events webpage. Speakers on today's call are Greg Clark, Symantec's CEO, and Nick Noviello, Executive Vice President and CFO. This is a live call that will be available for replay via webcast on our website. I'd like to remind everyone that all references to financial metrics are non-GAAP, unless otherwise stated. We provide year-over-year constant currency growth rates in our prepared remarks for revenue. All non-GAAP revenue and expenses excludes the impact of Veritas. However, the continuing operations deferred revenue on the balance sheet includes a portion of Veritas deferred revenue from Symantec and Veritas bundled contracts entered into prior to operational separation. The Veritas deferred revenue from those contracts will amortize into discontinued operations. As a result, implied billings growth calculated from the change in deferred on the balance sheet will not be representative of stand-alone Symantec's performance, as it will include an impact from Veritas. Please note, non-GAAP financial measures referenced during this call are reconciled to their comparable GAAP financial measure in the press release and supplemental materials posted on our website. Today's call contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current date and, as such, involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to cautionary statement in our press release for more information. You will also find a detailed discussion about our risk factors in our filings with the SEC and, in particular, on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016. As you may have seen, today we made an announcement about a possible debt offering. Due to SEC rules restricting publicity in offerings of this kind, we cannot provide more information about the offering, and will therefore be unable to comment or answer your questions on this topic. And now, I'd like to introduce our CEO, Greg Clark. Go ahead, Greg.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Thank you and good afternoon. In my remarks today I will; one, recap our third quarter results; two, update you on the execution of our strategy; three, give you a progress report on our execution since combining Symantec and Blue Coat; four, discuss our confidence in the long-term outlook for Symantec. First, let me give you a quick overview of our execution in the third quarter and the progress we've made during this period. Consistent with our fiscal Q2, we exceeded our third quarter revenue guidance across both consumer and enterprise on a constant currency basis, and also beat our operating margin and EPS guidance. Furthermore, we are seeing evidence that the underlying fundamentals of the business continue to improve. In just two quarters since combining Symantec and Blue Coat, we are making great progress on our product integration and cost efficiency initiatives. From a go-to-market perspective, we are seeing good collaboration in the field and are confident in our fiscal 2017 outlook. Our sales force is performing well and from an integration standpoint we are aligned operationally for a successful start to fiscal 2018. And finally, we expect to close LifeLock acquisition by February 9, and we are pleased with LifeLock's updated outlook filed today. This is an impressive result given the typical distractions that can occur around a transaction and a credit to the strength of their business. Now let me discuss how our Enterprise Security strategy and how it's resonating with customers. The response from customers and our global channel to our integrated cyber defense platform gives us confidence in our market position in both cloud and hybrid cloud. We believe, as an industry, we are in the early innings of a dramatic shake-out among winners and losers within the estimated over $80 billion to be spent annually on enterprise security. In the near future, we predict there will be less than a handful of strategic security providers, Symantec being one, which will have made the appropriate technology investments to lead in the cloud generation of security. Investment in solutions that help customers migrate to the cloud is core to our long-term plan. We are delivering this innovation, while also integrating our products. Customers are excited about both our product advancements and eliminating integration work traditionally done by expensive internal staff. We believe the work we are doing will result in a multi-year acceleration in market share gains from where we are today, as we invest in this massive transformation to the cloud. Conversely, there will be a group of security companies whose products fulfill just an element or feature of a platform, as well as vendors that are not making substantive investments for the cloud generation of security. We do not believe these companies will remain competitive over the long run. I would like to walk you through some examples of our leadership and some progress we've made. To begin, I would like to draw your attention to a significant cyber incident that occurred recently in the Middle East. Critical infrastructure at a large chemical company was attacked by highly advanced malware. Shortly after the attack, the affected company announced that Symantec had resolved this difficult problem for them. We don't disclose the exact details of these incidents, but the results speak for themselves. We're very confident in our ability to help our customers defend against and recover from complex state-sponsored cyber-attacks. Our threat intelligence is differentiated from our peers, in that we combine a tremendous breadth and volume of consumer and enterprise data from multiple threat vectors, including third parties. Another example, in December, the value of our threat intelligence was demonstrated again with the public disclosure of our assistance to the FBI in tracking and arresting the cyber group called Bayrob, who was responsible up to $35 million in thefts and more than 300,000 compromised computers. We are also very pleased by the third party recognition we've recently received, which validates our strategy and informs our value in the marketplace. Some examples. First, on the endpoint, AV-TEST just announced that Symantec Endpoint Protection and Norton Security won the Best Protection Award for the second year in a row for its industry-leading capabilities to stop sophisticated cyberattacks. Symantec is the first company to win this prestigious award in both the business and consumer categories two years in a row. Second, at the end of January, we were again placed in Gartner's Leader's Magic Quadrant for endpoint protection for 15 years running. We are appreciative of Gartner's recognition once again, which we believe reflects our investments in artificial intelligence for SEP 14, coupled with our leadership in prevention. We are optimistic about future market gains for our endpoint franchise. Third, another strong validation of our relevance and technology leadership in cybersecurity comes from an independent study that was recently published by academia and industry titans, which reviewed the security industry's ability to adequately handle an encrypted Internet. The Blue Coat Proxy received an A rating by the study, whereas all remaining security offerings that were tested received a C or an F for securely handling encrypted traffic. We've provided a link to the report on our Investor Relations website. Now, I would like to touch on some product innovation highlights from the last quarter, including the progress of our integration of the Blue Coat acquisition. The endpoint has become the battleground for protecting users against advanced threats, as roaming users proliferate and network traffic becomes increasingly encrypted. We recently shipped our next generation endpoint solution, Symantec Endpoint Protection, SEP 14, in November. It's off to a strong start, and we are seeing acceleration of new wins and pipeline build. SEP 14 combines machine learning and exploit protection functionality with our comprehensive stack of endpoint technologies, all within a lightweight agent. While many of the upstart competitive endpoint vendors are only solving a single slice of the endpoint security challenge, SEP 14 is the only complete solution in the market covering prevention, detection, and response within a single agent architecture. Furthermore, our solution includes support across multiple devices and multiple OSs. This provides a strong ROI for customers, which we expect will improve over time as we bring additional solutions to market that leveraged this core architecture, thereby fulfilling our customers' desire to make our endpoint platform the cornerstone of their long-term security posture. We are committed to being at the forefront of innovation on the endpoint. We are accelerating our rollout of new features with our next SEP release, which will include adaptive policy controls delivered via cloud-based management console and additional functionality targeted at endpoint forensics. And later this year we plan to integrate the SEP agent into our CloudSOC and Web Security Service for end-to-end control of roaming users and inoculation of compromised endpoints. The feedback from customers and industry analysts continues to be overwhelmingly positive on the value SEP provides compared to a multi-agent alternative. From a customer perspective, the wins and pipeline have accelerated. I'll give two examples. A large apparel company that was evaluating a point machine learning competitor, backpedaled from their decision after their CISO added SEP 14 into the technical bake-off. The prospect has since converted to becoming a SEP customer. We win the majority of head-to-head bake-offs when customers look past marketing claims and focused on the technical, integration and defense-in-depth merits of our offering. Another example of the value of SEP 14 took place at a prominent healthcare company in the Midwest. The company realized they did not need an overly complex and burdensome solution from leading firewall company for memory exploitation, because SEP 14 offered better technology and leveraged their existing infrastructure in a single agent. Displacements like this are underway in many different accounts around the globe. These are great examples of the value of our technology. The pipeline is building with many of these types of deals, mainly led by our channel partners. We would like to remind everyone that SEP 14 is integrated with our market-leading data protection products for endpoint DLP and ProxySG, which gives additional data loss prevention and network protecting capabilities. As Nick will mention, our endpoint security grew again this quarter. Our cloud platform is another area of rapid innovation for us. As we said at the time of the Symantec and Blue Coat acquisition, endpoint integrated with cloud is a very strong value proposition for customers. Most still think of cloud security in discrete feature-sets with unique vendor offerings for CASB, DLP, advanced malware, identity, messaging, and web protection. We have found tremendous value in integrating these stacks to provide an advanced solution for our customers. For example, data protection must extend from the endpoint to the cloud supporting both sanctioned and unsanctioned applications. To accomplish this, customers have to integrate their traditional DLP, CASB, and web protection into their cloud strategy, which is overly complicated and expensive involving multiple vendors and consultants. We are the only solution provider delivering seamless integration for our customers across these areas. As we progress, the product areas of CASB, DLP and web protection will blur and become a singular requirement from progressive customers. We see validation of this in the market with, for example, the competitive landscape of CASB. Many CASB vendors struggle to deliver sustainable value. They are being forced to extend into product adjacencies to solve even simple challenges posed by the cloud. We believe the technical debt facing these singular vendors is significant, which gives us confidence about the competitive future of our solutions and our position to serve our customers. During Q3, we closed numerous new CASB deals across virtually every region and industry. These deals have room for significant expansion through follow-on enterprise-wide transactions that leverage our complete cloud security stack. Just in the last week, we closed a multi-million CASB transaction with one of the largest global telecom providers to secure their move to cloud. All the relevant security vendors competed for this business. We believe this is one of the largest CASB deals ever booked and a sign that we have the most competitive cloud security stack in the industry. Our cloud capability is also resonating with both large and mid-market customers as a part of their strategy for hybrid cloud security. As an example, we closed an eight figure new security analytics and CASB win at one of the largest financial services companies. The drivers of the win were our current and future product integrations, specifically ProxySG and Security Analytics, Data Loss Protection and CASB, as well as a future integration of content analysis and endpoint protection. In another example, a Fortune 250 healthcare company with a substantial Symantec deployment expanded their footprint after we articulated the strong value proposition of our integrated offering. The first step was a multi-million Blue Coat ProxySG, Content Analysis System, and Malware Analysis win that included replacing an existing competitor. This customer intends to deploy our CASB offering as they continue to adopt cloud solutions. And finally, within the mid-market space, another healthcare company with a SEP deployment committed to our integrated strategy with the purchase of the analytics and proxy solution. These examples, customers are moving to the cloud and leveraging a hybrid approach. More importantly, each is an example of customer who is able to achieve stronger cyber protection by investing in our integrated cyber defense platform, while driving more value from their security spending. In summary, the power of our platform is driven by integration of our core franchise across users, information, web and messaging, combined with a commitment to openness that provides customers with a trusted cybersecurity partner for their long-term success. The delivery of and reception by industry of our AI solutions in SEP 14 is a validation that we continue to be the leader in endpoint security. Overall, we are pleased with the progress of our Endpoint Security innovation and financial results. Now turning to Consumer Security. To recap from the LifeLock acquisition announcement, I would like to cover why we are so passionate about combining LifeLock with our Norton consumer business and extending our brand from primarily PC malware protection to a much larger value proposition that we have branded digital safety for consumers. Consumers pay between two times and three times more for identity protection than they pay for endpoint malware protection. With the acquisition of LifeLock, the value proposition of our consumer solution now extends to include identity protection and recovery services, offering the broadest and most comprehensive platform for consumer digital safety. The combined offering will protect consumers' digital presence, alert them to suspicious activity, and protect them against malware. Our combined service will also help consumers recover when their endpoint or identity becomes compromised. We intend to cross-sell LifeLock and Norton offerings into their respective customer bases, which we expect will increase ASPs and retention rates in both cohorts over time. The cross-sell opportunity reduces renewal risk at the time of PC refresh. More broadly, we believe consumers are paying in aggregate more now than ever to protect their families' digital presence, and we estimate the combined addressable market for digital safety is now over $10 billion and growing in the high single digits and substantially larger than the subset of PC malware. Since the LifeLock announcement, we've received overwhelmingly positive feedback on our vision for a comprehensive consumer digital safety platform from our customers, partners, and industry participants. As I stated earlier, we expect to close the LifeLock acquisition by February 9 and we're expected to begin integrating LifeLock into our Consumer Security business. As you can see from LifeLock's preliminary results filed today, the business momentum is strong across revenue and adjusted EBITDA. Now turning your attention to another pillar in our digital safety strategy. This is around protecting the consumers' home, family, and all IoT devices within their digital life. We've seen large scale data breaches exposing hundreds of millions of consumer identities, multi-OS ransomware victimizing the consumer, and now the home IoT network becoming both a target and a cyber weapon. At the Consumer Electronics Show in early January, we announced Norton Core. This solution is uniquely designed to protect and manage home networks from hackers that are now compromising connected devices to access personal and financial information, as well as to use such devices as weaponizing consumer electronics in larger scale attacks. The feedback coming out of our launch at CES from the industry and partners was fantastic. Some of the accolades we have received so far for our Norton Core launch include the Wall Street Journal's Best of CES 2017, CNET's All the Cool Gadgets at CES 2017, ZDNet's Best Smart Home, IoT Products of CES 2017, and Verge quoted one of the more interesting ideas to come out of this year's CES. Key features of this solution include, advanced scanning of data traffic across the home network with the ability to scan connected devices for vulnerabilities and if threat is discovered, to quarantine the device to a segregated network until remediation can be conducted. Next-generation parental controls at both the network and endpoint to set limits for application screen time and quotas, filtering of inappropriate content with the ability to receive notification alerts, and even the ability to pause the entire home network for dinner. The product also delivers an easy-to-use mobile app forming a cyber defense console for consumers. The Norton Core security and parental control solution is currently uniquely hardened to our platform, but it can be tightly integrated as part of other networking platforms, such as cable modems. We are in discussions with several service providers and device manufacturers regarding the value of Norton Core. Norton Core is yet another example of the organic innovation that is flourishing at the new Symantec. In summary, we are confident about the long-term outlook for Symantec. Since August, we have fully integrated our threat databases and now blocking more threats than either Symantec or Blue Coat ever did on their own; brought to market an integrated cyber defense platform for the enterprise that includes major integrations across the respective solutions; accelerated the transformation of our consumer business with organic innovation and with the announced acquisition of LifeLock; and delivered substantial innovation across our portfolio. And as Nick will cover, we have also tracked ahead of schedule on our cost and synergy initiatives. We are well on our way towards simplification of our business processes to drive internal operating efficiencies and make our company easier to do business with. We've exceeded our revenue, margin and EPS guidance for the last two quarters, and reinforced our leadership in cyber defense innovation. We believe our Enterprise and Consumer Security business are both positioned for long-term sustainable organic growth with strong profitability. Cybersecurity is at the top of the agenda for governments, businesses, and consumers. And we now intend to take the significant assets we have to build and become the leading cybersecurity company in the world. Now let me turn the call over to Nick.
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: Thank you, Greg, and good afternoon, everyone. Today I will provide an overview of our third quarter results, give you an update on our progress against our $550 million in cost efficiencies and Blue Coat integration synergies, outline our near-term capital allocation plans related to share repurchases, review our financial outlook for Symantec related to fiscal year 2017 and our fourth quarter fiscal year 2017, and discuss LifeLock and its potential implications to our fourth quarter, incorporating both our expectations for the financial results from the LifeLock business during our period of ownership in Q4, as well as the impact of the transaction financing, neither of which is built into the fiscal year 2017 and Q4 guidance we issued today, given the transaction has not yet closed. In addition to our call today, we have made additional details on our Q3 results and the impact of foreign currency to our guidance available in our CFO commentary, which is posted on our IR website. Our third quarter non-GAAP revenue was $1.088 billion, up 19% on a constant currency basis, which was above our guided range of up 15% to 18%. Since we provided guidance in November, foreign currency had a negative $18 million impact to our non-GAAP revenue of $1.088 billion. We disclosed this impact in our Q3 FY 2017 foreign currency update posted on our IR website on January 12. Excluding the impacts of foreign currency, non-GAAP revenue exceeded the high end of our prior guidance by $16 million. Operationally, we experienced improved revenue performance and beat our prior revenue guidance in both our Consumer and Enterprise Security segments. Non-GAAP operating margin for the third quarter was 30%, 2 points above the high end of our guided range of 27% to 28%, despite the headwind from foreign currency. Foreign currency negatively impacted non-GAAP operating margin by approximately 50 basis points compared to our guidance. Operationally, our strong non-GAAP operating margin was driven by top-line revenue performance and continued execution against our cost savings initiatives and synergies. Fully diluted non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.32, above our guidance of $0.27 to $0.29, and reflected our strong operational performance, despite $0.01 of headwind from foreign currency. Fully diluted shares outstanding increased by 10 million from Q2, primarily due to the impact from our convertible notes, driven by increased share price. Please see the dilution tables posted to our IR website, where you can see the impact to diluted share count from the convertible notes at various stock prices. Cash flow from operations during the quarter was $144 million and included $30 million in cash outflows related to restructuring and transition. Let me now provide further detail on our performance by segment. Our Enterprise Security segment non-GAAP revenue increased 40% year-over-year, which exceeded the high end of our prior guidance by 3 points. Enterprise Security non-GAAP operating margin was 17%, up 5 points from 12% last quarter. Within Enterprise Security, our endpoint security products grew again in the low single digits buoyed by our release of SEP 14 and its next generation endpoint capabilities. Cybersecurity services had another solid quarter, growing in the mid-single digits, as customers rely on our security intelligence and talent. Blue Coat's products contributed $207 million of non-GAAP revenue in the quarter, and $331 million year-to-date. Non-GAAP revenue from Blue Coat products on a year-to-date basis is performing in-line with our expectations. As we indicated, Blue Coat products are now part of a broad and integrated cyber defense offering for the enterprise. As we are managing the Enterprise Security portfolio as a combined offering, we will not provide going forward guidance specific to Blue Coat revenue. Overall, we are very pleased with our strong combined enterprise segment revenues and operating margin in Q3, which exceeded our expectations. Now, onto our Consumer Security segment. Consumer Security non-GAAP revenue was down just under 5%, an improvement from last quarter and better than our guidance of down 6%. Consumer non-GAAP operating margin was 54%, in-line with our expectations. Within Consumer Security, we continue to see improvement in our renewal metrics, as we benefit from the shift to subscription and a focus on delivering a premium digital safety platform to consumers. Our mobile user count grew approximately 50%. We expect to see an increasing tailwind to revenue growth from our mobile telco customers beginning in fiscal 2018. Though they are substantial from a user count, currently these customers are not a material contributor to in-quarter revenue. As Greg mentioned, service providers are strategically important to Symantec, as they strengthen our value proposition to customers seeking unified protection across multiple endpoints, including PC, Mac, iOS and Android, as well as consumer IoT in home. Now, turning to our cost savings initiatives and Blue Coat integration synergies. Our total cost savings initiatives are comprised of $400 million in net cost efficiencies on the Symantec business and $150 million in Blue Coat cost synergies. We have achieved savings already across the areas of procurement and organizational effectiveness. We are also beginning to realize savings in IT and real-estate. We have a strict process and discipline in place around this program, and remain on track to achieve over $200 million in net cost savings and efficiencies exiting fiscal 2017, which is better than our original expectation. Finally, we continue to expect that we will meet our cost efficiency and integration synergy goals by the end of fiscal 2018. Please note that our current outlook excludes synergies we expect from LifeLock. Turning to the balance sheet and capital allocation. As of December 30, we had $5.6 billion in cash and short-term investments and $7.3 billion in total debt, including $1.75 billion of convertible notes. When we announced the LifeLock transaction in November, we also indicated that our board of directors had increased our share repurchase authorization to $1.3 billion, with up to $500 million planned to be repurchased by the end of fiscal 2017. We are on track to execute this $500 million of repurchases. To close the LifeLock acquisition, we expect to raise up to $1.1 billion of debt. Consistent with our approach on the Blue Coat acquisition, we expect the LifeLock acquisition to help us transform our consumer business, while also generating substantial revenue, operating income, and cash flow for the company. Lastly, we remain committed to maintaining our regular quarterly dividend. Now I will provide our updated financial outlook. Let me start with the full year, then back into our fiscal fourth quarter. We are reflecting the headwind from foreign currency in this guidance; the specifics of which are noted in the CFO letter posted to our IR website. For fiscal 2017 ending in March, we are narrowing our fiscal 2017 non-GAAP revenue outlook to the high end of our previous guidance range, currency adjusted from November. At the midpoint, we are increasing our fiscal 2017 constant currency non-GAAP revenue growth guidance to 12.5% year-over-year from 12% year-over-year. We are increasing our non-GAAP operating margin expectation to approximately 29%, the high end of our previous guidance range of 27% to 29%. We are increasing our non-GAAP EPS guidance range to $1.17 to $1.19 from $1.12 to $1.18, which represents $0.03 at the midpoint despite headwinds from currency and share count. Underlying this, we expect a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 29% and fully diluted average share count of approximately 644 million shares. Now backing into the fiscal fourth quarter, we are increasing the low-end of our fourth quarter non-GAAP revenue guidance, resulting in a range of 24% to 26% growth in constant currency, up from our previous implied guidance of 21% to 28% growth in constant currency. This translates to an outlook on reported revenue of $1.070 billion to $1.090 billion, which incorporates an approximately $30 million headwind from currency from the time we provided guidance on our second quarter call. We expect Enterprise Security to be up 48% to 51% in constant currency, which translates to $686 million to $702 million in reported revenue. We expect Consumer revenue to be down 4% to down 3% in constant currency, which translate to $384 million to $388 million in reported revenue. We expect an operating margin of 27% to 29%, which is impacted by 80 basis points headwind from currency. And we expect non-GAAP EPS of $0.27 to $0.29, which is impacted by a headwind of $0.02 from currency. We expect fully diluted average share count of approximately 658 million shares. This guidance includes additional dilution from the convertible notes due to our increased share price, as well as our $500 million accelerated share repurchase program that we expect to execute during the quarter. At the time of this call, we have not yet started the share repurchase program. Given that we have not closed the acquisition of LifeLock, our guidance provided today does not include any contribution from LifeLock. With respect to LifeLock and for your modeling purposes, we expect a fairly linear fourth quarter contribution to revenue from LifeLock, given their subscription model. For example, assuming the February 9 close, and based on LifeLock's latest forecast, we would expect a contribution of just under $100 million of revenue and around $9 million of non-GAAP EBIT. This will be offset by incremental interest expense from the debt used to fund the transaction and, to a lesser extent, incremental shares. Together, we would expect a net impact to EPS of approximately $0.01 of dilution for the fourth quarter. This potential dilution is not factored into our guidance today, as we haven't closed the transaction. When we report our full year and Q4 earnings in May, you can expect we will reconcile and lay out all of the financial impacts from LifeLock. Finally, turning to our fiscal 2018 outlook. Again, in May, you can expect us to lay out our complete financial guidance for the fiscal year 2018. Today, I am only going to update you on the EPS guidance we have given to date. We feel good about our operational outlook for FY 2018, from top-line to non-GAAP operating margins, where we expect a material increase in each measure from fiscal 2017 to fiscal 2018. We also look forward to a close of LifeLock leading to the acceleration of our consumer digital safety strategy. As you know, since we last provided an outlook on fiscal year 2018 in November, currency has moved materially and remains volatile. This has the potential to negatively impact our fiscal year 2018 revenue and EPS expectations, as it has impacted our third quarter results and is expected to impact our fourth quarter. In addition, our estimate for fully diluted share count will continue to be impacted by changes in the dilution from our convertible notes due to fluctuations in our share price. Overall, we continue to expect a result within the $1.70 to $1.80 range in non-GAAP EPS for fiscal year 2018. Expect that when we speak to you in May, we will give you full details of our operational plan for fiscal 2018, our expectation for the Consumer Security business incorporating LifeLock, the impact of LifeLock financing, the impact from currency, and updated share count assumptions. Before we turn the call over to Q&A, we would like to highlight a few upcoming events. During the quarter, we will be presenting at the Goldman Sachs Technology Conference, RSA Security Conference, JMP Technology Conference, Pacific Crest Emerging Technology Summit, Morgan Stanley Technology Conference, Raymond James Institutional Investor Conference, and the Susquehanna Technology Conference. I am also pleased to announce that our Financial Analyst Day will be held on June 8 in San Francisco. A save the date for the event will be sent out shortly. Now let me turn the call over to Greg for closing comments.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Thank you, Nick. In summary, the new Symantec is positioned to be the leading cybersecurity provider to protect customers for the cloud generation. With the upcoming acquisition of LifeLock, we are delivering the most comprehensive digital safety platform for consumers at a time when the need for an end-to-end offering has never been more acute for families. From a financial perspective, we are on track to gain share and achieve industry leading profitability at scale, which will drive sustainable free cash flow growth. Finally, we are efficiently deploying capital to maximize long-term shareholder value. Operator, we'll now take questions.
Operator: Our first question is from the line of Matt Hedberg from RBC Capital.
Matthew George Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Greg, I want to start with you. Feedback from the channel on SEP 14 has been positive, and you seem to echo that in some of your prepared remarks, I think at low single digit growth. Can you give a little bit more color on really the value that customers are seeing in SEP versus point products? And maybe if growing pipelines could translate to further acceleration of your endpoint offering.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Yeah, so I think there's a couple points that are definitely massive progress for us. First of all, those two references on third party validation around SEP 14 are meaningful. And AV-TEST test is the sort of benchmark of things to get through an endpoint, and winning that two years in a row for detection prevention is definitely a huge accolade for the business. In addition to that, in SEP 14, the primary technology add there was we added a bunch of the AI machine learning technology to be able to do what some people call signature-less detection, a behavioral analysis, which some of the new entrants into the market on endpoint protection have sort of hung their business on. We are now the leader in effectiveness for artificial intelligence detection methods, and that's coming through very well in the test on SEP 14, which is why you're hearing good things about it in the channel. So we've had a number of situations where we've joined bake-offs in this area and clearly won them and turned those around. I mentioned one in my remarks. Our pipeline is going great, and this has two effects for us. One, we get a lot of new customers as people go and try this out, and we also make sure that we retain a bunch of existing customers, because our footprint in the endpoint in the enterprise is market leading. So all in all, that's going really well. And I think then if you look to the next horizon on endpoint, our endpoint has data protection integration; others don't. That is a massive value proposition to people trying to tackle data loss and other kinds of information protection needs they're having in cloud generation. And now, with the integration of our networking technologies coming in from Blue Coat, we have the endpoint working with the gateways on some very innovative things to really help stop some of the more modern attacks and some of the emerging attacks that we're seeing. So we feel very, very good about our ability to compete with SEP 14, and we have also now turned our guns to the incident response elements of an agent and we think that we will soon be able to lay claim to an agent that can do the best prevention in the world, the best detection in the world, and the best recovery. And we think the combination of those three things is market leading. Also the Gartner Magic Quadrant came out, and we are now the only North American vendor left in the Leader Quadrant, and we extended ourselves very well this year in the Leader Quadrant, and some of our traditional competitors are no longer in it. So that is a testament to our effectiveness with the AI technologies we brought to bear on that. So we feel pretty good about that. We also feel good about our ability to step in some market share as other folks go out of the quadrant. And all in all, better retention, more market share, we feel good about endpoint. Is that helpful?
Matthew George Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's great. Thanks, Greg. And then maybe one more operational question. You talked about the sales force performing well and is aligned for 2018. I'm curious, though, could you provide a little bit more color on some of the changes that will go into effect in 2018 with your integrated sales force?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Yeah. I think that a really good question. When we embarked on the journey of putting Blue Coat and Symantec together, this was one of the things that myself and Mike Fey really lend a lot of time to making sure the sales force still work. So we're now closing the second quarter on beating our guidance, and one of the main things in any sales force is predictability. I think that that's something that we're feeling very good about and that we have taken two large sales forces and we're predictable and it still works. So like I say sort of  that's usually things take a pause at the beginning of two large integrations like that. We have not seen that happen, and so we feel really good about the current state of play. As you can see from Nick's comments on our fourth quarter, we're feeling good about right now. So what happens in 2018 is we are going into a situation where we have a much expanded sales force. Right now we are incenting the Symantec people and the Blue Coat people to work together. In 2018, we have a much wider approach. We've been doing a lot of training to bring the Blue Coat teams up to speed on the Symantec products, and the Symantec products up to speed on the Blue Coat systems. We are optimistic that after that is deployed, that we will see a massive capacity gain in the field, and we have also been doing a lot of work on our channel. And when we get to our Analyst Day that we announced before, we will give you some insights into the simplification of what we're doing in the channels, which we expect to also drive some substantial efficiency gains both for our channel and for us, which should help us drive better results in 2018. So we do have some heavy integration work coming down the pipe in the sales force. We are very experienced at these matters and we've got a lot of training and planning around it. And we feel good about our ability to execute, and we feel very good about the capacity increases we will bring to bear on the market as we get further into 2018.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Turits, Raymond James.
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thanks very much for taking the question. Greg, I'd like to ask about differentiation in two product areas. First you mentioned CASB quite a bit. It is a competitive field so a differentiation there. And also one of the things that Blue Coat brought to the table was cloud-based delivery system, especially around the proxy. So how important is that and how is your differentiation working there?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: It takes a while and thanks for asking a very important question. So the CASB market is a very important one as we kind of move into the cloud generation. And what it does? It allows you to get your defenses back on applications that are running in a cloud property, perhaps somewhere ServiceNow, Salesforce.com, and also allows you to gain control over a set of infrastructure that's not really under the remit of your CIO. It's an essential element the content of CASB as we migrate to cloud, especially in the enterprise context. So we have, I think, really differentiated ourselves. I think the Forrester Research on the current state of CASB really puts us in a highly differentiated space, because we integrated some extremely important pieces. We've taken a very powerful data protection technology from Symantec and integrated it with the CASB solution, and now we have a way better story for what do you do when you find compliance problems in cloud, how do you get it back under control, which is with combination of CASB and data protection come together, very powerful. In addition to that, we've integrated the proxy footprint of the large Blue Coat installed base to be integrated with the CASB, whether it be our cloud-based proxy delivery, our virtual appliances, or our physical appliances. They are all now integrated completely with a full stack of proxies, CASB, and data protection. And we will soon be releasing a multifactor authentication add from Symantec VIP, so we would take care of not just the policy management of these things and data protection, but also the authentication in a multi-application environment. The combination of those things is when a customer currently integrates themselves with their own teams, from three, sometimes four vendors stitching that together. And we've come to market and say, you don't have to do that anymore. You can buy that from us, integrated, warranted, supported, delivered globally, and delivered under one SLA. So we believe that this differentiation is important. And since we last spoke, we have even delivered a CASB deal in the multiple millions size at a single customer protecting a single one set of applications, which really I think is a testament to the value of this market. We feel very good about our ability to help our enterprise customers get into the cloud generation and maintain their defense in-depth, while they do that. This topic is paramount in my discussion. Is that helpful, Michael?
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: It is. If I could get one quick follow-up. A lot of that is additional. There's a lot of incremental to Symantec from what is coming with Blue Coat. How are you getting the sales force to take that incremental Blue Coat capability and re-enter into discussions with the Symantec existing customers?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: So I think Symantec and Blue Coat in product management in the field already had a shared vision here. Like the Blue Coat network technology and the Symantec data protection technology been integrated in the market for a long time, and do well together inside customer accounts. Then we came along and brought CASB to it for the stuff that's outside the firewall and the cloud, and that was a natural fit. And then most people were trying to figure out how to do single sign on a multifactor authentication across 50 cloud apps. We had that solution. So taking these pieces and putting them together in our field was extremely easy to do. This was something where people were hoping we were going to do that, thought we were going to do that, and when we reaffirmed that in our product roadmaps, they were very excited at the customer cold base (47:39).
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Andrew Nowinski from Piper Jaffray.
Andrew James Nowinski - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thanks. Congrats on the great quarter and the guidance for Q4, especially in light of the currency fluctuations. So I just want to ask a couple questions on the Consumer segment. So first your Consumer revenue growth on a constant currency basis came in better than guidance, and Q4 was also better than expected. I guess, can you just provide more detail on the trends you're seeing broadly in Consumer?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Yeah. So I think in Consumer, there's a couple things that are really noteworthy. We came to market with the announcement of Norton Core at the CES show in Las Vegas, and we had some comments in our prepared remarks on that. I encourage everyone to go and take a look at those. That launch was extremely well received both at the show and even in our telecom service provider customer base extremely powerful interest in bringing that to market, especially what's been going on in IoT in the home and protecting the family and protecting our customers across multiple channels, whether it be PC, Mac, Android or iOS. And so we have a very strong story there. We've also launched our Wi-Fi protection for when you're a consumer and you're roaming around, protect you on all the various Wi-Fi infrastructure that you attach to, which is a dangerous place for malware. And when we put it all together and bringing LifeLock to the story, we have now got a digital safety proposition for consumers, their family, and the total end-to-end cyber defense and identity protection problems that they have. This includes things like next-gen parental controls, where it's not about just blocking inappropriate content. It's about face time, screen time, time of day, and even turning off the applications so that everyone comes to dinner and puts down their cellphone. This is really center of mind for consumers. It's been- we have been testing this with our focus groups. We do a lot of focus group testing, and we are very bullish about our ability to increase our consumer revenues from this value proposition. And also as people refresh their PC footprint to be able to not have to work too hard to keep them across that refresh through this value proposition, which is extremely powerful in really bringing our malware protection revenues back to growth. So we think that we  as we announced at the LifeLock acquisition, that we can do that in an accelerated fashion and we are bullish about the future of our consumer business. We're also encouraged by the results that LifeLock announced today. That was a strong result considering an acquisition at the same time.
Andrew James Nowinski - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. Got it. And then just as a follow-up on your comments on Norton Core. What are your go-to-market strategies for that product? Since most consumers typically buy their home router from a store like Best Buy or they rent it through a cable MSO.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: So we've  a lot of these consumer electronics stores carry Norton already, and we've had extremely good feedback globally from those channels, whether it be in Japan or Germany or the U.K. or here in the U.S. So we're very excited about the consumer channels that we use and the interest in Norton Core from them. And then in addition to that, as I mentioned, we have a strong go-to-market partnership inside global telecom for our Norton products, and that is a natural fit to where we put in not only hardware solutions, but also we combine our technology with existing hardware solutions that are already being deployed by some of these broadband providers. So we feel good about really extending our brand. We have real tech here, and we've got a very strong presence from the networking side of Blue Coat in these telecom providers already, and we feel good about being able to really go after that sort of consumer broadband user in the home. Two routes, people that will pick up a powerful piece of technology and bring it home, and also getting it through the service provider themselves.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley.
Keith Eric Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Excellent. Nice quarter, guys, and thank you for taking the questions. Greg, I was hoping to dig into LifeLock a little bit more, now that we're little bit closer to the close. You gave us some bones in terms of sort of understanding the upsell framework with core Norton. You talked about sort of the higher value of an identity protection consumer. I was wondering if you could maybe put a little bit of meat on those bones in terms of what we're thinking about in terms of how big is the opportunity within the current Norton base? Is there a lot of overlap? If you can give some kind of dimensions around that potential upsell opportunity, that would be helpful.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: That's definitely a really good question, Keith. Thanks for asking it. So we did a lot of work prior to signing the merger with LifeLock around the analysis of our cohort in North America that are solid Norton customers, very strong brand recognition, been with us a long time. What we liked about that was a lot of the people that really get value from LifeLock are people that are further on in their career and they have lot of assets. They've got home loans, car insurance, multiple credit cards, and that cohort is a very nice mix between what we have in the Norton renewal base and the overlap with LifeLock is in the teens as a percentage. So we feel really good about, as we renew those, that cohort being able to bring the identity protection and the digital safety value proposition to them. This is something we tested prior to the deal, and we liked the results from the test. We continue to test and continue to do some surveys and whatnot. I mean, we continue to feel better about those results. Is that helpful?
Keith Eric Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes. Thank you. And maybe one for Nick as well. Just to confirm, when we're thinking about the FY 2018 guidance, it still doesn't include LifeLock in that, number one. And number two, when we're thinking about the currency impacts, can you help us quantify what potential impact the currency had on that $1.75 to $1.80?
Nicholas R. Noviello - Symantec Corp.: Yeah. So hey, Keith. So a couple of things, as we look at the overall. First let me talk about FY 2018. So, remember, when we talked last quarter, we talked about absorbing about $0.10 in FY 2018 around share count. In December, what we did was we said, okay, we're looking at LifeLock, we're looking at our acquisition models with LifeLock, and we're incorporating that in the $1.70 to $1.80. Okay. That incorporates the business, but also the debt around the business. Now we're talking about also we've got additional shares and FX volatility that we have to build in. So when we reiterate the range, they're building in all of those topics. So the one thing probably on the script that let me make sure is clear. So what we're saying about LifeLock for the script is, it's not built into our Q4 and FY 2017 guidance, because it's not closed yet. We gave you the view of  assuming the February 9 ratable revenue recognition, there's not a lot of  because there's a lot of monthly maintenance, et cetera, we'll be able to get through that valuation in terms of what the haircuts are, et cetera. So that was the  let's keep in mind, there could be $0.01 of dilution around LifeLock for the quarter FY 2017 and for the year FY 2017. But the $1.70 to $1.80 incorporated our acquisition model. Now when we come back in May, we're going to come back and talk about operations of the business, the Symantec/Blue Coat combination business, which we feel very good about. We're going to talk about LifeLock, now that we own it and we understand all the pieces. We're going to talk about the debt on LifeLock and what it's going to cost us, because that we will, obviously, have it done. We'll talk about share count and our perspectives and estimates on share count, because we have to think about the implications of the convertibles, which is on the IR website, but I think it's important in terms of how share count can be volatile, and we'll talk about FX. So we've got a bunch of topics we're going to talk about at that point in time, but we wanted to give you a perspective on the $1.70 to $1.80 today. And then your point on FX, let me just make sure I answer that point for the fourth quarter. There's about $30 million of headwind of foreign exchange in revenue in the fourth quarter. So  and then for the year FY 2017, it's in the mid-40s of headwind to revenue. So I think when we look at our overall guidance for the year FY 2017 and when we look at that revenue, where if you look at the midpoint versus before this call, we have increased it, the margins we have increased, we took the entire EPS range up, we feel pretty good about where we're at.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Shaul Eyal from Oppenheimer.
Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thank you. Hi. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. Greg, a few weeks back a major network breach was discovered in Saudi Arabia, and I believe Symantec played an important role in discovering and flagging it. Can you talk to us about the breach scope, as well as what products or services were deployed by Symantec in this specification? And maybe in that context, can you just also talk to us in general terms, of course, about Symantec's presence in the federal vertical? Thanks.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: So, Shaul, it's a good question. So just as a matter of policy as a cyber defense vendor, we never give product details in any account, because that's not a good thing for the adversaries to sometimes know that. So as proud as we are about some of our recent things that we did, it's difficult for us to talk about it. But I wanted to say a few things. If you go and take a look at some press releases, we noticed from our threat telemetry, which is one of the biggest competitive advantages our company has against others, we had seen the instances  the instance of some very powerful nation state malware coming back slightly morphed late last year. And we reported on that and we told everybody to kind of button up and be careful, because this stuff is not good for you. And then there was a report came out a couple of weeks ago that it was back and it had shut down substantial infrastructure in Saudi, and that's something that was reported by the media. And then following that, later in the week, one of those companies tweeted and took an interview with some media thanking Symantec for fixing it for them, just a few days later. What went down between that happening and that tweet coming out was something we're very proud of. We never asked the customer to do it. It was just them thanking us, and we helped them put that back together. So that is a massive capability that we have in terms of being able to detect, then also being able to cure these kind of problems. And so I think that's something that if you take a look at the cyber investments that those organizations have, they are massive and they have a lot of heavy stuff in there to protect them from cyber issues like this. And I just would like the audience to know that we are a prime ally in the fight against nation state malware and very capable there. Then in the federal government, similarly to the comment about commercial accounts, we don't like to talk about the kind of products, where, what and when. But we have always had on both the Blue Coat and Symantec side a very strong relationship with all the five eye (01:01:03) governments because we are a very important laboratory in the defense against malware in general, and we have substantial installations all over the world in governments and defense organizations.
Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thank you so much.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Thank you, Shaul. Good question.
Jonathan Doros - Symantec Corp.: Thank you for joining us today. That's it for  time for our question and answers. If any follow-ups, please e-mail or call Investor Relations. Thank you.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Thanks very much, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2016-11-03 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jonathan Doros - Symantec Corp. Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp. Thomas J. Seifert - Symantec Corp.
Analysts: Andrew James Nowinski - Piper Jaffray & Co. Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker) Matthew George Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC Sarah Hindlian - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. John DiFucci - Jefferies LLC Brent Thill - UBS Securities LLC Keith Eric Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Ian and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Fiscal Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. At this time, I will now turn the call over to Mr. Jonathan Doros, Head of Investor Relations.
Jonathan Doros - Symantec Corp.: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our call to discuss our second quarter fiscal year 2017 earnings results. We've posted the earnings materials and prepared remarks to our Investor Relation events webpage. Speakers on today's call are Greg Clark, Symantec CEO and Thomas Seifert, Executive Vice President and CFO. This is a live call that will be available for replay via webcast on our website. I'd like to remind everyone that all references to financial metrics are non-GAAP unless otherwise stated. We provide year-over-year constant currency growth rates in our prepared remarks for revenue. All non-GAAP revenue and expenses exclude the impact of Veritas. However the continuing operations deferred revenue on the balance sheet includes a portion of Veritas deferred revenue from Symantec and Veritas bundled contracts entered in to prior to operational separation. The Veritas deferred revenue from those contracts will amortize into discontinued operations. As a result, implied billings growth calculated from the change in deferred on the balance sheet will not be representative of standalone Symantec's performance, as it will include an impact from Veritas. Please note, non-GAAP financial measures referenced during this call are reconciled to their comparable GAAP financial measure in the press release and supplemental materials posted on our website. Today's call contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current date and as such involve risk and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information. You will also find a detailed discussion about our risk factors in our filings with the SEC and in particular on Form 10-K for the year ended April 1, 2016. And now I'd like to introduce our CEO, Greg Clark. Go ahead, Greg.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Thank you for joining us today. We were pleased with our performance during the second quarter as our results exceeded our guidance across all metrics. Our cost savings and synergy initiatives are tracking ahead of schedule. Within the first 10 weeks of closing Blue Coat, we've made multiple meaningful product improvements and integrations. The feedback on our product roadmap from customers, partners and third-party influences has been overwhelmingly positive. Product integrations are already having a significant impact on our ability to better protect customers and further validates the rationale and power of our combination. In my prepared remarks today, I will review some of the key product integrations, highlight the exciting innovation underway within Symantec, discuss some market validation in our enterprise segment and review our Consumer Security business. Protecting customers in the cloud generation against a multi-faceted adversary requires an integrated cyber defense platform. Symantec is best positioned in the cloud generation as one of the only vendors to deliver cyber defense solutions across users, information, web and messaging. In support of that effort, I'd like to discuss significant advancements delivered since closing the Blue Coat acquisition on August 1. First, I'm particularly proud of the value we are providing our existing customers by integrating artificial intelligence with two of the largest threat databases in the world. This integration has improved our existing products, which are now blocking an additional 500,000 attacks per day across the endpoint and network. In a press release last week we provided the market with insight into two attack campaigns that had we not innovated in this way, may have remained hidden. The first of the campaigns is a cyber espionage group called Buckeye, which targeted Hong Kong political organizations leading up to the elections. And second, we discovered a campaign impacting approximately 100 financial institutions worldwide, stealing millions of dollars across various methods, including the SWIFT wire transfer system. These examples of detections were made possible due to the power of integrating endpoint, email and network threat telemetry. Moving on, we just completed a major integration of DLP and CASB, which combines the gold standard in data protection with the leading edge CASB solution provided by the Blue Coat acquisition. This integration extends DLP's advanced artificial intelligence-based content detection to cloud applications for shadow IT analysis, granular visibility, encryption and access controls. Further innovation on the CASB solution occurred from integrating Symantec's authentication solution. This integration allows any sensitive transaction within cloud apps to call for a second factor authentication, eliminating key loggers and password-based hacks. For example, any company that places sensitive data inside of cloud applications can easily apply strong authentication to both users and data. This offering differentiates itself and it requires no on-premise solution. It's a pure cloud security technology enabling our customers to securely adopt cloud technology without delay from internal IT. Finally, two of our largest product lines, SEP and ProxySG, have been integrated to ensure advanced malware protection is coordinated between endpoint and network. This integration nearly eliminates the dwell time between detection and containment, thus limiting damaging propagation of zero-day infections. Now turning to the market. Part of the industrial logic of combining Symantec and Blue Coat was the immense cross-sell and up-sell opportunity. Let me provide two customer wins during the quarter that demonstrate our teams working together to close highly competitive cross-sell transactions for meaningful outcomes. First, a large healthcare company, an existing Symantec DLP customer, had a multi-vendor environment in the network that was in search of a partner that could help them embrace the cloud and simplify their infrastructure. The value proposition of integration between the secure gateway and DLP, along with our vision for an integrated cyber defense resulted in the customer making a multi-million dollar purchase of Symantec's network and cloud solutions. In another example, one of the world's largest departments of education, upon realizing the strategic nature of Symantec in its goal of delivering cloud-based learning, made a sizable commitment to the integrated stack, which included Symantec's network and endpoint technologies. Shifting back to R&D and the product side of the business, let me now discuss the organic innovation that is thriving across Symantec. Just a few days ago, we launched SEP 14, which is the most complete next-generation endpoint security solution available in the market. From a single lightweight agent, SEP 14 combines traditional and next-generation functionality such as machine learning, zero-day exploit prevention and emulation. For the first time, these next-generation capabilities are available in one scalable enterprise platform. I'm also proud to share that based on recent third-party tests, SEP provides the best security in the industry beating competitors and blocking real-world threats and minimizing false positives. Along with SEP 14, last quarter we launched SEP Cloud, which is a fully cloud delivered version of Symantec endpoint protection. We now stand as the only company with endpoint, gateway, email, DLP, CASB and encryption solutions for the cloud. Let me switch gears to our Consumer business. Our Norton solutions deliver secure Internet safety for consumers and their families as they transact and communicate across the web, whether on a desktop, laptop or mobile device. Not only do our combined threat intelligence databases improve our Enterprise Security products, but they also significantly improve our Consumer Security solutions by adding Blue Coat's best-of-breed URL data set into the Norton threat prevention engines. During the second quarter, the traditional Consumer Security business continued to stabilize with slower declines and improving retention rates both year-over-year and sequentially. We have now fully repositioned the solution to a subscription offering and are focused on acquiring new customers, while improving renewal rates and cross-selling new solutions in order to maximize customer lifetime value. Accordingly, although in its early stages, we are very pleased with the growth in mobile and the strong interest from service providers. We are extending the Norton value proposition well beyond the PC platform and look forward to some exciting product launches in the near future. We believe the market opportunity for protecting consumers is larger than what our current consumer products address today. As we move to further penetrate these opportunities, we expect the Consumer Security business to improve its growth trajectory as we move beyond the PC. In conclusion, we are very pleased with the second quarter results. The Blue Coat integration is going very well. The fiscal responsibility and cost savings commitment remains on track. Innovation is alive and prospering at Symantec. We acknowledge the strong results in Q2, however we believe it is prudent to maintain our fiscal 2017 top line guidance for the year. Given the overachievement in Q2, we are raising our full year fiscal 2017 operating margin and EPS expectations accordingly. In addition, we are reaffirming our fiscal year 2018 EPS guidance from $1.70 to $1.80, despite a headwind of approximately $0.10 from a higher share count. Finally, today we announced that Thomas Seifert has decided to step down as CFO at the end of the month. Thomas has been a tremendous asset to Symantec and an integral part of establishing our solid financial foundation. As CFO, Thomas led a number of key strategic initiatives for the company, including the acquisition of Blue Coat, the $7 billion divestiture of Veritas, and the implementation of Symantec's $5.5 billion capital return program and the execution of our $400 million cost efficiency initiative. As we prepare for this transition, we're fortunate to have such an incredible finance leader as Nick Noviello, who will succeed Thomas as Symantec's CFO. I've had the pleasure of working with Nick both at Blue Coat where he served as CFO, and throughout the integration process here at Symantec, and I've been continually impressed by his leadership. In addition to his technology background and leadership experience, Nick brings an acute understanding and appreciation for Symantec's outstanding people and the critical threat protection we provide to our customers in today's increasingly complex security landscape. I'm confident he'll be an excellent CFO for Symantec during our next phase of growth. To ensure a smooth transition, Thomas will work closely with Nick on the transfer of responsibilities, which will occur on December 1. Thomas will remain with us in an advisory role until March 2017. While Thomas' departure is bittersweet, we all congratulate him on his many successes as Symantec's CFO and wish him the very best in his next chapter. I will now turn the call to Thomas to provide additional financial details and outlook.
Thomas J. Seifert - Symantec Corp.: Thank you, Greg, for the kind words. And good afternoon, everyone. It's been an honor to serve as Symantec's CFO during such a pivotal time in the company's history. I joined Symantec in order to lay the groundwork for our strategic and financial transformation. And I'm proud of the incredible progress we have made over the past two and a half years. Symantec is now the leading pure play cyber security company and in a strong financial position, and this is the right time for me to take on my next challenge. I'm confident Nick will be a strong CFO for the company and echo Greg's sentiment. I look forward to continuing to work with them over the next month and in an advisory role for the company until March of next year. Before I move to our second quarter results, I want to express my gratitude for the support of our board, our executive team and, of course, my finance team. I look forward to maintaining our strong momentum throughout the transition process. Now turning to our results. Today I will provide an overview of our second quarter results, update on our $500 million cost efficiencies and Blue Coat integration synergies and conclude with our financial outlook. Additional details are provided in our CFO commentary, which is available on our Investor Relations website. Our second quarter non-GAAP revenue was $1.015 billion, $25 million above the high end of our guided range of $960 million to $990 million, driven across both Consumer and Enterprise Security. Non-GAAP operating margin for the second quarter was 29.2% and 520 basis points above the high end of our guided range of 21% to 24%. The upside was driven by top-line leverage and faster than expected realization of cost savings. Fully diluted earnings per share was $0.30 and above our guidance of $0.18 to $0.21. Our fully diluted share count of 644 million was above our expectations of 640 million, due to higher than expected dilution from our convertible debt related to the increase in the share price. Cash flow from operations during the quarter was $55 million and included $45 million in cash outflows related to restructuring and separation. Let me now provide further detail on our performance by segment. Enterprise Security revenue, which includes two months' contribution from Blue Coat following the closing on August 1, was $610 million and increased 24% year-over-year, which exceeded the high end of our guidance of up 14% to 20%. Enterprise Security operating margin was 12%. Within Enterprise Security, both organic revenue performance and revenue from Blue Coat exceeded our expectations. Endpoint security grew in low-single digits and user authentication grew double-digit. Cyber security services had another solid quarter, growing in the high-single digits. Website security continues to grow in low-single digits. And for the two months' period, Blue Coat contributed $124 million compared to our estimate of $100 million. We were pleased with the sales execution from the Symantec sales force given the shorter than normal close period for Blue Coat products. Now on to the Norton Consumer Security segment. Consumer Security revenue was down 5%, an improvement from our guidance of down 7%, and Consumer operating margin was 55%. Let me now review some additional performance metrics for the business. Our renewal metrics continue to improve as we benefit from the shift to subscription and a focus on acquiring new customers. At the end of the September quarter, we reached the international one year anniversary of the shift to subscription. In regards to mobile, we are seeing good momentum, with total active mobile users up 56% year over year. This momentum is encouraging, as it takes us beyond the PC form factor. We also had over 1 million downloads of our 30-day free trial of mobile WiFi privacy app and plan to launch a multi-device version next year. However, WiFi privacy is still not material to our Consumer revenue. Turning to the balance sheet and capital allocation. We have $5.6 billion in cash and short-term investments and $7.2 billion in total debt including $1.75 billion of convertible notes. We continue to expect to delever our balance sheet over the medium term. Our previous $1 billion ASR completed today on November 3. And lastly, we remain committed to maintaining our regular quarterly dividend. Turning to the $550 million cost savings initiative and the Blue Coat integration synergies. As of the end of September on a run-rate basis, we have recognized just over $100 million of cost savings and synergies, mainly across the areas of procurement and organizational effectiveness, while maintaining a strong investment in our products and R&D. For example, the procurement work stream contributed more than $65 million total run-rate by optimizing our supplier network. We are on track for more than $200 million of run rate net cost efficiencies exiting fiscal year 2017 and continue to expect to meet our goal of $550 million of net cost efficiencies and integration synergies by the end of fiscal year 2018. Now I will provide our updated financial outlook. We are encouraged by our Q2 top line results. However, as Greg indicated, we believe it's prudent to maintain our full year 2017 revenue guidance at this time. The integration of our offerings is resulting in more cross-selling of permanent licensed product with the subscription products, resulting in increased ratable revenue recognition. As a result, we continue to expect fiscal 2017 revenue to be up 11% to 13% to $4.040 billion to $4.120 billion. From a cost perspective, we are tracking ahead of schedule on our cost efficiency and synergies initiatives. Due to lower expenses in Q2, we now expect our fiscal 2017 operating margin to be 27% to 29%, up from 26% to 28%. With respect to fiscal 2017 EPS guidance, we are benefiting from the $0.10 EPS upside from second quarter, however that increase is partially offset by changes in our full year fully diluted share count between previous guidance and our current forecast. Our prior guidance for fully diluted shares outstanding for fiscal 2017 was 616 million shares and our current guidance is now 640 million shares. The difference in fully diluted shares outstanding is partially due to an additional 9 million shares of dilution from the convertible debt due to the increase in share price to approximately $25 from $21 at the time of previous guidance. You can find tables on the Investor Relations site related to the convertible debt dilution. The remaining difference is primarily related to the timing of share repurchases across the remainder of fiscal 2017. We continue to evaluate the method and timing of future share repurchases. Assuming our current forecast of a fully diluted average share count of 640 million, we are increasing our EPS guidance by $0.04 to $1.12 to $1.18. For the fiscal third quarter, we expect our non-GAAP revenue to be up 15% to 18% in constant currency to $1.070 billion to $1.090 billion We expect Enterprise Security to be up 34% to 37% in constant currency to $675 million to $690 million. We expect Consumer revenue to be down approximately 6% to $395 million to $400 million. And we expect an operating margin of 27% to 28%. We expect non-GAAP EPS of $0.27 to $0.29, with a tax rate of 29% and fully diluted average share count of just over 650 million shares. As Greg stated, for fiscal 2018, we continue to expect $1.70 to $1.80 in EPS, despite a headwind of $0.10 from a higher share count. We continue to expect a non-GAAP operating margin of 30% as we enter fiscal 2018. Thank you.
Jonathan Doros - Symantec Corp.: All right, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: Certainly. Our first question is from the line of Andrew Nowinski.
Andrew James Nowinski - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. Thanks. Thomas, just want to start off by saying it's been a pleasure working with you. I thought you did a great job navigating the acquisitions and the spinoff and the cost cutting initiatives.
Thomas J. Seifert - Symantec Corp.: Thank you.
Andrew James Nowinski - Piper Jaffray & Co.: All right, so first question, I guess Blue Coat has been integrated now. It's essentially complete, and you've got a comprehensive security platform covering network, endpoint and email, which is similar to a few other vendors like Palo Alto and Check Point. I guess, can you give us your high level views on how you'll differentiate from those other platforms?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Yes, I think that's a good question, Andrew. There is a substantial number of differences. One is that the threat telemetry that is sitting behind the Symantec threat platform is gargantuan. It comes from well over 100 million endpoints that are in production across the consumer threat telemetry as well in the enterprise, in addition to 15,000 Internet egresses coming in from the Blue Coat network points. That gives us telemetry and some of the examples that I mentioned earlier in the call. It gives us telemetry into things that we believe we are unique in our ability to detect cyber problems from that. In addition to that, I'd like to point out that for cloud generation, you can get the Symantec threat platform and a pure cloud instantiation, which means if you are a company that is using a bunch of cloud applications that are out there, whether it be Salesforce.com, SuccessFactors, all the things we know, that you can instantiate the cyber defense for the users that are using that, the data that's in it and get that without even purchasing an appliance or running a wire. And that's really differentiated between what you could get from the vendors that you mentioned. And so we really also have spent a ton of time in making sure that we keep the platform open. Our customers do rely on best-of-breed products and being able to integrate those into the Symantec integrated cyber defense platform is a huge competitive advantage. And so that's something we're committed to with our ISV partners as well.
Andrew James Nowinski - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay got it. And then digging in a little deeper on the products side, I saw the integration of DLP with your CASB is now complete. Can you just give us any color on the proprietary advantages that that product will have over the competition and why others can't replicate that?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Yeah, that's a good question. Our CASB has a piece of it called Content IQ, which goes out into the cloud properties that an organization is using in shadow IT, and using machine learning techniques, can actually detect the data that is inside of the cloud applications that may have compliance problems. We then use the data protection technology from the Symantec side to go after those problems and cure them so that that data can be allowed to still be in the cloud but be protected in a way where you don't have risk of compliance problems or other data loss. In addition to that, we have integrated the CASB technology with the product called VIP, which allows us to add a second factor of authentication to the cloud properties. And what that means is if you are logging into Salesforce.com and you're worried about making sure that it's Greg logging into Salesforce.com, I have a second factor application on my phone or a fob that I use and plugged into my computer, and then it adds that factor of authentication to all of those cloud applications without the organization's IT having to do anything. This is extremely powerful as a lot of the password and key loggers breaches that happen across these technologies is solved by that problem. So we've integrated those two things. And I'd just like to point out that that and the threat telemetry integration that we've been talking about, we closed the acquisition on August 1, and our engineering teams are working together extremely well. We've got some rapid delivery there and real proof points in the market.
Andrew James Nowinski - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay.
Jonathan Doros - Symantec Corp.: Thank you. Next question.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Shaul Eyal.
Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you. Hi, good afternoon, guys. Congrats in the upside to quarterly results. Let me also extend best wishes to Thomas going forward, was a pleasure working with you.
Thomas J. Seifert - Symantec Corp.: Thanks.
Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): So I want to start and ask on the endpoint front, what's the early feedback you are hearing from customers on Symantec Endpoint 14? An in what way is it differentiated from a next-generation provider say like a Cylance, some of the other players out there?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: So that's a very good question. So we've been working very hard on SEP 14. It's a real major advancement for us over here at Symantec. We have tested it with over 400 beta customers that are using it already. And we announced a GA for it this week. It contains the advanced machine learning and behavioral analysis technology that you hear about from what the market calls nex-gen endpoint or signature list endpoint technology. So we have definitely delivered all of the defenses that work on zero-day attacks and signature list things, the machine learning behavioral analysis, reputational detection technology. So we believe that we have now leapfrogged the current advanced endpoint competition. And one of the major advantages of ours is ours has a very low false positive rate in the space and think of it as converged endpoint that includes all of the stuff that you need from traditional endpoints with the next-generation capabilities. And we really have dramatically reduced the footprint size, bandwidth usage, and we're very optimistic. Feedback on the initial use of SEP 14 is extremely positive. So we think that this will definitely have a major impact in the market.
Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Got it. Got it. And just as a follow up, so also encouraging upside to the Consumer division results. Can you talk to us about some of the trends you're seeing on that front? What's driving the upside? Is it the shift to subscription, the turning on of auto renewals, progress with telcos, moderating PC declines or just all of the above? Or any unique reason behind the positive result?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: So that's a very good question. So it is a mix of all of the above. We actually have performed extremely well in our consumer sector. We have finished the transition to a subscription and auto renewal framework in the Norton business. This has definitely helped with the traction. In addition to that, we have a very strong set of results coming in from some of the new offerings. In the last 30 days, we brought out our Wi-Fi protection for mobile users. That has seen a substantial uptake and great feedback from that. In addition to that, our mobile platforms, as Thomas mentioned in his remarks, have been growing at strong double-digit period compares on units. We've seen the service provider market really start to produce some fantastic deployments of the mobile side of what we're doing. So those are a couple of proof points where we're executing well in the PC space. Again, we won the Editor's Choice for the most effective malware protection on the PC again, and the auto renewals is helping. The move to subscription is helping. So we feel good about maintaining our position in there. And then moving to markets that are off the PC, we have some exciting pure mobile endpoint growth and also we have some things that we'll be launching in the future that will continue to move us into addressable markets that are off the PC value proposition. So we feel good about our future prospects on the Consumer side and the value that we're bringing. As many of us are aware, there is plenty of malware on mobile and there is plenty of malware on Apple platforms, and so we feel good about the future of our Consumer business.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Matt Hedberg.
Matthew George Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah, thanks, guys. Thomas, I'll offer my congrats as well. It was certainly great working with you over the years, and best of luck on your next endeavor. Greg, I think it was actually maybe in Thomas' prepared remarks, talking about a change in the product mix in conjunction with the integration. I'm wondering if you could you expand on that a little bit more? What are you seeing in the pipeline and how might this impact revenue going forward?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Yes, very good question, Matt. Thanks for asking it. We've brought together two of the broadest portfolios in security software and we're going to package our products in the manner in which our customers want to buy it. If you think about what we would do walking into a large enterprise, we would offer with the combination of products, different bundles and different packagings of our products. When we do that, this could result in less upfront revenue recognition and, therefore, we're being conservative in our guidance.
Matthew George Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. That's great. And then maybe one more on the Consumer side. I'm wondering if you can just give us an update on some of the consumer telco deals. I think you started in India, Germany, maybe Japan. And any thoughts about rolling that program out to other geos?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Yeah, so we've had great results with our mobile defense platforms in some of the markets that you mentioned. India is a particular standout. We also have, I would say, outstanding interest in our capabilities for most of the world's Tier 1 service providers. What we've seen I think this year with all of the wallets and easy to charge on peoples mobile platforms, we've seen malware showing up there in significant quantities. And I think Symantec is very focused on protecting our customers in this area. And service providers are definitely very interested in it. We will be addressing that route to market in a much more aggressive way in the coming quarters. Early results are very promising.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Sarah Hindlian.
Sarah Hindlian - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi. Thank you so much. Congratulations on your first quarter, Greg. And, Thomas, thank you for all the help you provided us. We really appreciate it. I had a couple questions for you, Greg. One of the things we've been focused on is the partner ecosystem, given how important it is to the business. So we'd appreciate hearing from you a little bit about how partners are reacting to the integration, and what opportunities you're seeing there to potentially drive revenues to the partners. And then second, how are you thinking about protecting IoT in light of all these recent (34:16) denial of service attacks? Do you think consumers are going to start to protect their IoT and where do you see yourself playing into that market?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Yes, they're two very good questions. Sarah. So let me start off with the partner one, yeah, we are very focused on maintaining our strong relationship with the channel. I think myself and Mike Fey have great reputations as taking care of what is that very large, extended sales force we have around the world at the Tier 2 VAR and also in the excellent Tier 1 value added distributors that we use. Nothing is going to change there. And we had an excellent partner conference earlier this month where we recommitted to the channel. I think we have a good trusted relationship there and right now we're doing the same thing in APAC and also in EMEA this week. So we feel good about our relevance to the VARs and resellers out in the world, whether it be in the small/medium-size business, the mid-market, or in the enterprise. And we continue to be a substantial element of the economics in the channel. We are the largest pure play security vendor and the combination between Blue Coat and Symantec really does make this a very meaningful part of the channel economics. And I think without very strong middle-market story  we released a product in the last quarter which was called SEP Cloud. That is extremely powerful for that middle-market, SMB part of the world, and we feel good about that. And we think we continue to deliver market relevance to the part of the market where those VARs and resellers are essential, which we think will drive up interest in continuing to do business with them and more revenue for both them and us. Moving on to your next question, which was about the IoT situation. IoT is, as we saw a couple of Fridays ago when some of the DNS and the Internet stopped working and had significant knock on effects. It's a wake-up call for the power of when you bring a bunch of unmanned devices to the Internet and don't protect them properly, that creates a weapon that can be quite difficult. We are coming after that from two points. One, we do have some solid technology that will be coming out through our Norton brand to help protect that from the actual consumer electronic devices in the home. And we're also working hard to be able to bring some network protection to this world also and be able to use some of our behavioral analysis technologies to realize some these things are not doing what they're supposed to be doing. So this is an area that will be a long battle between the adversaries in the industry as people weaponize IoT and consumer electronics. We believe we are an essential technology in the fight against that, and it will take governments and consumer electronics manufacturers and security vendors to sort it out. I'd also like to point out in terms of securing IoT and being able to build secure infrastructure, we are a market leader in the tools that you need to do that, with our Managed PKI, our code signing technologies and what we do in that part of the fabric of the Symantec portfolio. So in terms of relevant vendors to come after this IoT problem, we are definitely one of them, and we think that will lead to tailwinds for us as that becomes more of essential and potentially even policy mandates from governments about it. So good question, big problem, and we're definitely working on it.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of John DiFucci.
John DiFucci - Jefferies LLC: Thank you. I have a question, Greg, about the Consumer business. Can you just sort of give a refresh on how you think about this strategically? On one hand, it's a really high margin business, but on the other hand we've seen this, continual revenue declines for some time here. Is this something where you're going to focus on? I know you talked a little bit about trying to turn that business in some way, but if you do that, is it going to have a material effect on profitability if you really start to invest there?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Yeah, so it's a really good question, John. And I think this is something that we work on a lot because we have a strategy that we believe can turn it around and return it to growth. And that strategy is really anchored in moving the value proposition that we have from PC malware to a larger super set of PC malware, which is really Internet safety. The consumer is really interested in safety while using the Internet, safety for the family, a piece of which is the malware on the endpoint. So we are going after all endpoints, whether it be Apple endpoints, mobile telephone devices, tablets and PCs. And we're also going after other value propositions that a consumer, when they're using the Internet, considers necessary. And we have some announcements coming out on that soon. I won't announce them on this call, but we are definitely working hard on real P times Q, based on real market data that can turn that business around and return it to growth. There are elements that are off the PC declines, which are kind of the natural forces happening in the industry. So everybody who wants to mark us down because Consumer's going to melt, we're working really hard to make sure that around so it doesn't melt. And we have very strong brand recognition in Norton. People trust us, and we think we can deliver substantial value to the consumer through that brand for things that are adjacencies to the PC malware decision. So, hang on.
John DiFucci - Jefferies LLC: Would this?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: It's going to get better.
John DiFucci - Jefferies LLC: Yeah, okay.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Our guidance is conservative, John. Our guidance is conservative on the Consumer guide.
John DiFucci - Jefferies LLC: Okay. But the kind of investment that that might require, you've already done some, but is this something we should continue to expect, similar profitability in that business going forward at least for the foreseeable future? Or would this kind of, if in order to turn around the top line, could it have a material effect, a negative effect on the margin? Yeah.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: Yeah, so a couple of examples. We already have released a pretty substantial Wi-Fi protection capability under the Norton brand. We did that while maintaining the margin contribution that we have in the business already. That was a not insignificant R&D investment. One of the things about Symantec is we have many thousands of engineers, so we can move 50 of them around to a problem like that without any issues. So we feel good about our ability to continue to deliver that at the margin, and we are reaffirming our margin commitments in the guidance that we're putting out for FY 2018 with those plans on board, okay. And our EPS range in 2018, that's with the engineering efforts and marketing efforts planned in Consumer.
John DiFucci - Jefferies LLC: Okay.
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: The answer is I think we're going to be okay, and being able to do that at the margin we're at.
Jonathan Doros - Symantec Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: And our next question is Brent Thill.
Brent Thill - UBS Securities LLC: Greg, the Enterprise Security did very well during the quarter, I think we all look at that business and see there's a lot of opportunity both on top line and bottom line. Where do you see the nearest opportunity just on the revenue side when you look at the joint Blue Coat/Symantec team? And then on the bottom line can you just talk a little bit about the margin structure at 12%, clearly a lot of the peers are a lot higher. Where do you think you can drive that to over time?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: So let me just clarify something I said answering John's question. I think you have the FY 2018 guidance is EPS only on the $1.70 to $1.80 range. And my comments around the FY 2017 margin guide were doing those things with the plans we have in Consumer baked in. Coming back to your question, can you ask it for me again, just to make sure I got it right?
Brent Thill - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah, just as it relates to the Enterprise Security business, the low hanging fruit that you see in front of you just on the top line and then on the bottom line at the 12% op margin, your competitors are considerably higher. Where do you think you can drive that margin to over time?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: So the opportunities on the top line, as we talked about on prior calls, we have not really cooked a whole bunch of revenue synergies, cross-sell and up-sell, into our thinking. Where they live is we do believe that in the network area where we're selling the gateway technologies that are highly adjacent to email and to DLP, we have a great opportunity for cross-selling the combined solutions there. Also, the power that you get when you hook up our networks with endpoint results in substantial enhanced cyber defense, and we do think that there are a bunch of cross-sell and up-sell opportunities. We mentioned on the prior remarks a couple of examples of DLP customers where we were strongly advantaged with the network technologies and endpoint technologies, that we're strongly advantaged from the network technologies. We feel good about what we can put together in terms of product bundles that the market's going to like, customers are going to like. And in outlying years, I think we'll be able to lead the market with the enterprise solution set for cyber defense. Margin-wise, I think at this point in time we are committed to taking out the $550 million of sustainable run rate expenses. We've given you guidance on the FY 2017 margin numbers. And at this point in time, it's too early for us to guide the top line for 2018.
Thomas J. Seifert - Symantec Corp.: But I think it's fair to say that all the additional cost take-out is primarily going to benefit the Enterprise business from a profitability perspective. So we are not at $100 million run rate improvement so far. We said we're going to be north of $200 million by the end of the fiscal year. Still there's plenty to be implemented until we get to $550 million, and the delta really primarily towards the Enterprise margin.
Jonathan Doros - Symantec Corp.: Exactly. Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Keith Weiss.
Keith Eric Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you, guys, for taking the question and nice quarter. Two questions I wanted to ask. One about distribution in terms of how far into the integration of Blue Coat sales people are we? And vice-versa, how well are we into the integration of the Symantec sales guys? Or who's proper being able to sell the Blue Coat portfolio? How much further do we have to go on that side of the equation?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: So we've made a ton of progress there, Keith, and we've picked the leadership for those organizations across the world in the channel, in the mid-market, in the enterprise. And that is going extremely well. We have had our integrated sales force kick-off. We brought them all to Las Vegas and had a week's worth of getting everything lined up and planned out. And the regional teams are out now executing. We feel really good about where we're at on the integration of our go-to-market teams. Keith, I'd also like to point out that the initial results from Q1, if we were going to have problems, we'd be seeing them. And we feel really good about that integrated sales force and how we're coming out of the blocks on that.
Keith Eric Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And the second question is more along the lines of how should we track the business on a going-forward basis. You're talking a little bit about mix shift in terms of revenues, more coming through as attrition versus perpetual. At times, we've looked at Symantec on a billings basis, looking at billings growth as an indicator of overall growth. That's hard right now with the acquisition accounting. Maybe just looking for some guidance from you guys in terms of, what do you think is the best indicator of the underlying demand trends? Is there some adjusted billings number we should be looking to? Or is it just we have to fall back on revenues and just take into account the subscription versus perpetual adjustments that are going to be going on?
Gregory S. Clark - Symantec Corp.: At this point, Keith, I think we want to stay on the revenue reporting that we have and we give you the cash flow information and the balance sheet, and I think you'll be able to put it back together. We do feel that that's a good question for as we get into Q3 and Q4.
Jonathan Doros - Symantec Corp.: Operator, next question?
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Walter Prichard.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Thanks. Question for Thomas on the Blue Coat contribution, the $124 million that you saw in the quarter. Can you talk about the delta there between the $100 million you were expecting? Was it just simply timing of business that came in? Or was that business indeed better than expected if you look at it on maybe a full quarter basis or whatever makes sense to calibrate?
Thomas J. Seifert - Symantec Corp.: Yeah, I'm not even sure we want to be this granular. First of all, we are really pleased that our sales team was able to provide that in the short period of time we had to close. I think there for sure is a combination of both elements in that number. But overall I think what we said in the prepared remarks holds true. We are encouraged by the momentum that we see and by the momentum that the sales force brought into our first combined quarter from an execution perspective. But it's one data point and that's why we think it's still prudent to be very conservative in the outlook we provide.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): And then, Thomas, just similar to that question on the billings from Blue Coat. Could you help us understand, did the billings exceed the revenue for the $124 million in the quarter or were they less? Or any sort of color you could give us around that would be helpful as well.
Thomas J. Seifert - Symantec Corp.: Yeah, as you know, we've got a lot of moving parts, and that's why we wanted to stay away from giving that granular business guidance. We have to digest the integration. We still have some noise in our billings numbers from a Veritas separation perspective. From an overall billings performance, I think if you look for a proxy, look at our GAAP revenue and the change in deferred and that gives you an approximation of how billings have performed quarter-over-quarter for the combined company. If you do your math, it's going to be approximately 12%. But for the time being in the short term, we'd like to focus and less the attention on revenue, on margin and EPS.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation today, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2016-08-04 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jonathan Doros - Vice President-Investor Relations Greg S. Clark - Chief Executive Officer & Director Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Brent Thill - UBS Securities LLC Andrew James Nowinski - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker) Matthew George Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC Keith Eric Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC John DiFucci - Jefferies LLC Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Jennifer and I would like to welcome everyone to the Symantec First Quarter Earnings Call. And I would like to turn the call over to Jonathan Doros. Sir, you may begin.
Jonathan Doros - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our call to discuss our first quarter fiscal year 2017 earnings results. We posted the earnings material and prepared remarks to our Investor Relations Events web page. Speakers on today's call are Greg Clark, Symantec's CEO and Thomas Seifert, Executive Vice President and CFO. This is a live call that will be available via replay on our website. I'd like to remind everyone that all references to financial metrics are non-GAAP unless otherwise stated. We provide year over year constant currency growth rates in our prepared remarks, except for statements about net income and EPS. All non-GAAP revenue and expenses exclude the impact of Veritas, however the continuing operations deferred revenue on the balance sheet includes a portion of Veritas deferred revenue from Symantec and Veritas bundled contracts entered into prior to operational separation. The Veritas deferred revenue from those contracts will amortize into discontinued operations. As a result, implied billings growth calculated from the change in deferred revenue on the balance sheet will not be representative of standalone Symantec's performance, as it will include an impact from Veritas. Implied billings referred to in our prepared remarks and provided in the supplemental materials reflect revenue plus the change in sequential deferred revenue excluding the portion of deferred Veritas revenue. Please note, non-GAAP financial measures referenced during this call are reconciled to their comparable GAAP financial measures in the press release and supplemental materials posted on our website. Today's call contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current date and as such involve risk and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information. You will also find detailed discussion about our risk factors in our filings with the SEC, and in particular on Form 10-K for the year ended April 1, 2016. And now I'd like to introduce our CEO, Greg Clark Go ahead, Greg.
Greg S. Clark - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you. Thank you for joining us today. It is an exciting time for the new Symantec and I'm proud to lead the company that will define the future of cyber security. We are already off to a great start by closing the Blue Coat acquisition earlier than expected, in under two months since announcement. This has allowed us to move rapidly into the execution of our integration strategy. Since the announcement of the acquisition, we have pressure tested our financial assumptions and continue to remain confident in achieving fiscal 2018 EPS guidance of $1.70 to $1.80 which we disclosed when we announced the acquisition in June. Our combined product portfolio separates us as the most strategic security player in the industry, with a portfolio of solutions that addresses over 50% of the Enterprise Security budgets, or an approximate $40 billion of total available market. Furthermore, we are the only security company that has the scale and vision to be considered by the CIO as one of their most strategic technology partners. As you saw from Dimension Data's quote in our closing press release earlier this week, partners are extremely optimistic about the technology the combined company can bring to market. In addition to great support from our partners, we have had outstanding feedback from the customer base. I'll provide more customer feedback later in my remarks. First, Thomas will begin by providing an overview of the Symantec Q1 results and our financial outlook. Then I will address why we are confident that we have the deep leadership expertise in place to integrate the two companies and deliver upon our financial targets. I'll wrap up by describing major cyber security challenges enterprises are facing, and how Symantec is best positioned to usher in a new era of cyber security solutions to solve these multibillion dollar opportunities.
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Greg. Nearly two years ago we announced our intention to become the leading pure play cyber security company. With the close of the Blue Coat acquisition, we've accelerated that strategy and now are positioned to execute on our integration road map while we define the future of private security. Today I will provide an overview of our first quarter results, update you on our $550 million cost efficiencies and Blue Coat integration synergies, and conclude with our combined financial outlook. Additional details are provided in our CFO commentary, which is available on our Investor Relations website. Our first quarter total revenue was $884 million, above the midpoint of our guided range driven by improved performance within Enterprise Security and continued in line results from consumer security. From a macro and security spending standpoint, we did not see any incremental weakness in Europe related to Brexit, however we continue to monitor our European pipelines very closely. Deferred revenue was $2.4 billion, which includes $243 million of deferred revenue from Veritas. Implied billings excluding Veritas were $788 million and declined 1.6% on the reported basis. Non-GAAP operating margin for the first quarter was 28.6% and 210 basis points above the high end of our guided range of 24.5% to 26.5%. The upside was evenly split by an early start to our cost efficiency savings and some one-time expense benefits. Fully diluted earnings per share were $0.29 and above our guidance of $0.24 to $0.26. Our non-GAAP tax rate and share count were in line with guidance. Cash flow from continuing operations during the quarter was a negative $742 million which included a tax payment of $887 million related to the gain from the sale of Veritas, and a $39 million in cash outflows related to restructuring in the Veritas separation. Let me now provide further detail on our performance by segment. Enterprise security revenue was $481 million and declined 1% year-over-year which was at the high end of our guidance of down 4% to down 1%, driven by strength in both information protection and cyber security services. Now I'll review the product areas within our Enterprise Security segment. Threat protection revenue was down 5%, however endpoint security including ATP were low single digits year-over-year. Our newly launched ATP solutions showed continued momentum in what is a seasonally slower quarter. During Q1 we sold ATP subscriptions to 115 customers, and importantly, two thirds of the Q1 ATP deals were sold independent of a renewal. Overall we continued to maintain the value of our SEP and our cloud recurring revenue, and in some cases expand our footprint within the account. Since its launch in December, we've sold ATPs to 270 customers. Within the installed base, there remains significant opportunity for additional ATP module cross-sell or seat expansion. Information protection revenue grew 4%. DLP revenue grew 18% and is benefiting from a tailwind of strong prior quarter deferred revenue growth, and a favorable prior year compare. Looking forward, we have a solid pipeline for DLP, driven by data protection requirements, as our customers adopt cloud based applications. In addition, we are excited about the future of our data protection growth, as we package DLP with our market leading Secure Web Gateway. Cyber security services and other services grew 9%, marking the fourth consecutive quarter of year over year growth with solid performance across managed security services, incident response, threat intelligence, and other security-focused professional services. Underlying these results, we continue to see strong demand for actionable cyber threat intelligence. Website security revenue grew 1% and performed in line with our expectations. We continue to see good performance from the higher end of our website security portfolio, where our complete website security offering is gaining traction. At the low end of the market, we expect our Encryption Everywhere solution to provide a tailwind to results in fiscal 2018 as we begin to benefit from the conversion of this premium offering. Now on to the Norton Consumer Security segment. Consumer Security revenue was down slightly less than 8% which was at the lower end of our guidance of down 8% to down 5%. The underlying fundamentals of our consumer business continue to improve, driven by the move to subscription and online customer acquisition. We are also seeing early pipeline building for new solutions such as Wi-Fi privacy and home IoT offerings. Let me now review some additional performance metrics for the Norton business. During Q1, retention rates continued to increase on a year over year basis following the anniversary of our transition to a subscription model in the US. We will reach the one year anniversary internationally at the end of the fiscal Q2. We continue to grow our online acquisition of customers, which grew new subscriptions 4% during the first quarter. Finally, earlier this summer we launched our Wi-Fi privacy offering. This solution provides a secure connection while connected to an unsecured network. We are targeting this solution as both an up-sell into our current installed base and as a standalone solution to attract new Norton subscribers. Turning to the balance sheet and capital allocation. On August 1, we added $2.8 billion of new debt and $1.25 billion of convertible notes. We have $5.6 billion in cash and $7.3 billion in total debt, including the $1.75 billion of convertible notes. As we've previously said, we expect to delever our balance sheet over the medium term. As of last Friday, our current ASR is 58% complete and we expect it to finish in the fall of this year. We remain committed to maintaining our quarterly dividend. Shifting gears to our $550 million of cost savings initiative and the Blue Coat integration synergies. We've already made progress achieving savings across the areas of procurement, organizational effectiveness, and to a lesser extent real estate. On an annualized basis we have realized approximately $50 million of run rate net cost efficiencies. In addition to efficiency savings, we expect to achieve synergies from the Blue Coat acquisition by the end of fiscal 2018. The earlier close provides us a head start achieving these. Before providing our guidance, let me walk through the underlying mechanics. We will be referring to the non-GAAP performance of the business, and please see the CFO commentary for more detailed description. Going forward, Blue Coat will be reported as part of our Enterprise Security segment, given our plans to integrate multiple product solutions. It is important to note that historically Blue Coat's fiscal second quarter has ended on October 31, therefore our fiscal second quarter guidance will include two months of contribution from Blue Coat from August 1 to September 30. It is also important to note that Blue Coat's revenue linearity is heavily weighted to the last month of the quarter. Therefore, embedded in our Q2 guidance is up to 50% of Blue Coat's prior Q2 non-GAAP revenue forecast. However, from a cost standpoint, we'll be burdened by approximately two thirds of Blue Coat's second quarter spending with only half the revenue. From a reporting standpoint, this linearity difference puts an abnormal burden on our operating margin in Q2. We are focused on maintaining strong sales execution during our integration. However, we believe it's prudent to set conservative top line guidance for Q2 and fiscal 2017 as we combine the two companies. We expect second quarter non-GAAP revenue to be up 4% to 8% to $960 million to $990 million. We expect consumer revenue to be down approximately 7% to $395 million to $400 million. We expect Enterprise Security, which includes a two month contribution from Blue Coat, to be up 14% to 20% to $565 million to $590 million. We expect an operating margin of 21% to 24%. To reiterate, a portion of the headwind to margins is due to a burden from two thirds of the spend, but only 50% of revenue benefits from Blue Coat and we expect approximately $30 million of the headwind to non-GAAP operating margin related to retention payments and salesforce incentives put in place to ensure stability during our integration. We expect non-GAAP EPS of $0.18 to $0.21 with a tax rate of 29% and a fully diluted average share count of 640 million. Now on to fiscal 2017 guidance. As a reminder, our fiscal 2017 outlook only includes eight months of revenue contribution from Blue Coat. We expect fiscal 2017 revenue to be up 11% to 13% to $4.040 billion to $4.120 billion. Fiscal 2017 operating margin is expected to be in the range of 26% to 28%. We expect approximately $45 million of one-time expense related to retention payments and salesforce incentives put in place to ensure stability during our integration. We expect EPS of $1.08 to $1.14 with a tax rate of 29% and a fully diluted average share count of 616 million. For our fiscal 2018 outlook, we plan to enter fiscal 2018 with an operating margin of 30%. For fiscal 2018, we continue to expect EPS in the range of $1.70 to $1.80. Now let me turn the call back to Greg.
Greg S. Clark - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Thomas. Let's begin with why I'm confident we have the leadership team in place to deliver the leading cyber defense portfolio while integrating our two companies and achieving our financial targets. With the Veritas divestiture behind us, we're focused on removing the remaining stranded costs and further improving our operating efficiency. This is an important step to deliver our commitment to the $550 million in savings and synergies. When I joined Blue Coat in 2011, the company had multiple quarters of revenue declines with below average profitability. While at Blue Coat, we delivered a substantial improvement in operating effectiveness. Acquisitions were fully integrated, and the company returned to growth. This experience is highly relevant to delivering process efficiencies at Symantec. We focused the product strategy to cyber security, rebuilt the go-to-market engine, and improved profitability, and thoughtfully leveraged our balance sheet to successfully acquire market-leading technologies. Blue Coat today is a clear leader in cloud security, with the number one market share at the secured gateway. Organic revenue growth is now in the mid teens with operating margins in the high 20s. When we combine the Blue Coat leadership team with the many talented executives from Symantec, the outcome is a deep bench across all functions, with a technology portfolio that is market leading, backed by substantial development talent totaling over 4,000 engineers. Let me turn to some early feedback from customers and our channel. I was recently visiting the CIO of a global financial institution that said the combination of Symantec and Blue Coat not only makes us their most strategic security partner, but we are now considered one of the top overall strategic technology partners. This type of recognition is not taken for granted, offers a clear advantage versus our competition. Many other large enterprise customers have proactively reached out to us, and not only to express excitement about the further integration of our product lines, but are even more enthusiastic about our longer term vision and our relevance in their migration and adoption to cloud solutions. Furthermore, our channel providers that service the mid-market have expressed excitement around the power of our endpoint solution integrated into our cloud security platform. It is in the mid-market where securely adopting cloud applications is essential. Now I will comment on how we plan to maintain strong sales execution while we realize the $550 million in cost efficiencies and Blue Coat synergies. As previously announced, Mike Fey has been appointed as COO and President. Mike's organization was instrumental in leading the Blue Coat salesforce and channel and consistently meeting or beating our sales plans and taking market share. We plan to maintain our combined quota carrying sales capacity. Together, we have the largest dedicated security salesforce with deep technical strength to bring our products to market. Combined sales capacity is substantially increased in the enterprise market. As we outlined at the acquisition announcement, we found less than expected customer overlap during our due diligence, which over the medium term offers us a meaningful cross-sale opportunity and provides tailwinds for fiscal 2018. We are also excited about working with our many channel partners across the globe and bringing differentiated value to our joint customers. Let me touch on our plans beyond sales. The Consumer Security team will remain a standalone unit from an operational standpoint and report directly to me. The management team in this business unit is excellent. We are pleased with the stability of the business, encouraged by the product road map. We will continue to make investments that extend the Norton value beyond the traditional PC to return this segment to growth. These include new products such as Wi-Fi privacy and home IoT. From an Enterprise Security standpoint, during the planning process we jointly reviewed product roadmaps with respective teams. I am truly impressed with the level of game changing product leadership our development teams are pursuing. We'll be sharing many of these in the upcoming quarters. With regards to operational integration, we have worked diligently to put an integration plan in place that is led by seasoned executives and we are on track to achieve our targets. We expect to be substantially operationally integrated by the end of our fiscal year, March 2017. Turning to Blue Coat's fiscal Q1 performance. As many of you know, Blue Coat's historically has been a July month ending first quarter. While we are still closing our books  we do not yet have official results  I'm pleased to share that from an overall performance standpoint, that our Q1 results were ahead of expectations and we saw strong momentum across all products. Now let's switch gears to address how our combined portfolio can help solve the biggest security problems that our customers are facing. First, the largest opportunity we see in the market is securing enterprises, governments and consumers from advanced attacks and securing our customers as they adopt the cloud. When it comes to staying ahead of advanced threats, a key differentiator is the speed at which one can identify and mitigate malicious activity across a functionally rich set of products. Together, Symantec and Blue Coat have the broadest and deepest set of threat intelligence data in the industry, combined with the fastest threat propagation time. Symantec for years has been focused on identifying malicious content and Blue Coat has been categorizing, mapping and fingerprinting the internet with a purview to the darkest parts of the web and malware tradecraft. Together, Symantec with Blue Coat will have the most powerful combination of threat intelligence as well as an open platform in which to deliver and cyber defense anchored in threat intelligence. Within the coming months, we'll have integrated many aspects of the threat intelligence including Symantec's endpoint and email solutions ecosystem with Blue Coat's intelligence network. These combined intelligence database and detection engines will allow our current products to become more robust and outperform the competition. The capabilities of the combined portfolio work towards a world of automated discovery with an integrated advanced threat protection dashboard that identifies, correlates and remediates threats beyond what any solution is capable of today. While we will lead with an integrated solution, on a standalone basis, we will continue to deliver best-of-breed security at the enforcement points, including the web gateway, CASB, email and endpoint, and are committed to our open platform for customers and ISVs. For enterprises that are adopting the cloud, our combined solutions provide the best defense in depths for the cloud generation. We remain very optimistic about the progress we're making with our managed security service. This is an important offering for customers that have difficulty hiring and retaining experienced security professionals. We're also committed to empowering our managed security service partners and committed to empowering this important sector, as service providers and SIs are important players in the migration to the cloud. The second major opportunity we see in the marketplace is protecting the mobile workforce. The traditional IT perimeter is expanding as employees are doing more work outside the network firewall and are accessing cloud services and corporate data directly from a variety of devices. In addition, there has been a significant rise in nontraditional internet connected devices within the enterprise, such as medical devices and industrial equipment, automobiles, office equipment and other next-generation endpoints and IoT devices. Now many of these nontraditional devices are unprotected from modern threats. Proxies are essential in protecting these technologies in the cloud generation. This evolution in workforce computing creates gaps in the traditional security architecture, which lead to infiltration of bad actors and insider threats. We're bringing a more secure and scalable architectural solution that combines the Symantec endpoint with the cloud generation security from Blue Coat. As a result, the Symantec endpoint will have a continuous coverage inside the perimeter or while roaming, protecting users and data. We have already begun integration of the SEP endpoint security client with the cloud security proxy, email, DLP and CASB, which provides complete security coverage no matter where enterprise devices travel. In addition to this, our managed security service can assist our customers and partners in reducing costs related to incident response. For example, the SEP agent will direct all outbound traffic through the Blue Coat security cloud for inspection. If a threat is found, a cloud security proxy from Blue Coat can quickly quarantine the user and remediate. We will auto-remediate via the SEP endpoint, removing substantial cost for incident response. This remediation also includes forensic recordings for the breach and can isolate the endpoint device as well as a user's cloud based application identities via our web gateway and CASB. This sets a new bar for next generation endpoints. This is where many next-gen endpoint vendors come up short, as they only focus on traditional means of protecting laptops, desktops and servers. Blue Coat acquisition allows us to bring many crucial aspects of the endpoint inspection into the cloud and open the aperture to protect any type of enterprise device, its users, and the user's cloud applications. We further augment our ability to protect customers via our security analytics technology. This technology keeps a recording of activity from an endpoint and enables advanced machine learning techniques such as behavioral analysis to identify previously undetected malware. This also allows us to improve our threat detection by true root cause analysis of the vulnerability and malware tradecraft. This is a large market and our solution will be disruptive to alternatives. For our customers, our solutions improve cyber defense and reduce cost of remediation. No other security provider in the market today has our unique capability of deep functionality on the endpoint combined with visibility and time to remediation capabilities inherent in our cloud security platform. We believe the work we are doing is important enough to redefine cyber defense. The third major opportunity is helping customers securely embrace the cloud as they increase the use of cloud based applications and services. As customers access more cloud applications and leverage the cloud for their IT infrastructure, they are still responsible for securing their users and enterprise data. We believe our cloud generation security platform uniquely delivers the ability to achieve this and enables a defense in depth via our open platform and the many security vendors and technologies that can be incorporated. This defense in depth future proofs an organization against attack vectors in years to come. A portion of the functionality needed to protect cloud services are referred to by the industry analysts as cloud security access brokers. We believe the market opportunity goes beyond the CASB functionality to what we consider a cloud generation security stack, which includes CASB, data protection, encryption, cloud instant response and elements of web security. Developing a cloud generation security stack requires three major components. First, enterprises must discover, categorize, and instrument policies for cloud applications. Blue Coat's Elastica solution combined with the policies enforced at the Blue Coat proxy is a clear leader in discovering and defining these policies. Next, enterprises must monitor and enforce how data can be moved and accessed as it migrates around the cloud. Blue Coat's web gateway and Symantec's data protection are the market leaders controlling the access and movement of data and are already integrated into many customer environments today. Finally, enterprises will decide based on their data policy, whether to encrypt or tokenize critical information. Together, we have the leading encryption and tokenizing technology. In the market today, Symantec is the only provider that can deliver this end-to-end solution. To assemble the same level of protection through multiple vendors will result in costly, loosely integrated security architecture, and a dependence on retaining the people that built it. Our customers are telling us that these sustainment costs and risks are a substantial problem. In conclusion, let me reiterate the following points. We have a seasoned executive team with deep cyber security experience, as well as the operational expertise for turning around, operating and growing technology businesses at scale. The product portfolios from Symantec and Blue Coat are highly complementary and positioned well for where the market is moving. Our solutions are defining the future of cybersecurity by securing consumers, enterprises and governments from advanced attacks, protecting the workforce of the future and helping customers embrace the cloud generation. And I will end with that we are confident in hitting the guidance Thomas outlined earlier in his remarks and the ability to deliver our commitments for fiscal 2018. Thank you for your time. Operator, we'll now open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: And our first question comes from Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS Securities LLC: Good afternoon. Greg, just on the endpoint traction I was wondering if you would give us your thoughts around the new ATP solution. Clearly you have a big installed base with corporate endpoints  where you're at on that journey, what you think the next steps are and I had a quick follow-up after that.
Greg S. Clark - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes so, good question, Brent; thanks for asking. First of all I'd just like to give the team at Symantec excellent marks for delivering the ATP solution integrated with the endpoint that is in the market right now. That product is really proving to be very effective at advanced malware detection. And the customers  as Thomas mentioned, we closed a good clip of customers in Q1 with that technology and the point that he mentioned in his remarks I think is really important, is two thirds of those customers were not at an endpoint renewal. They bought it in advance threat needs that they had and added it to the environment that was already there. So I think that's a really good show of faith there. The roadmap on that product is excellent. The threat database that it is sitting on is phenomenal and we are really excited about our ability to also integrate that in the network via the web gateways, both in the cloud and on premise. We already have through our content analysis system the ability to execute that advanced threat platform as one of the choices that we give customers for how to fight those same threats as they manifest in the network. Again, the telemetry that that platform is sitting on is we believe the deepest in the industry, taking everything from the consumer world at Norton, everything from the enterprise endpoints and very shortly everything from the Blue Coat world and applying that against all the various threat detection engines. And we feel very good about the ability to up-sell that, both from the endpoint route to market and also from our network point of presence that also provides Advanced Threat.
Brent Thill - UBS Securities LLC: And just as a follow up, Greg, you have a sizable ownership in Symantec. Can you remind investors what the size is today?
Greg S. Clark - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, so there is a number of filings on it. If you sum them up, it's over $100 million that I've personally invested into Blue Coat  or Symantec.
Brent Thill - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Jonathan Doros - Vice President-Investor Relations: Next question, operator.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Nowinski with Piper Jaffray.
Andrew James Nowinski - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Great, thanks for taking the question. So I guess first, are there any specific issues or challenges that customers have asked you to solve that you couldn't solve prior to the acquisition or through a partnership?
Greg S. Clark - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think one of the key things that I've heard from our larger customers, which I think is very interesting, is just the cost of what they have to stitch together to deliver what we're up to. If you take an endpoint and you have one that's dealing with sort of the essential needs of keeping up with antivirus, then you put some of the next generation things on it that we have in CIDS 14, and then you go and put in the integration of that to any of these SoCs, and then you stitch that up with any of the remediation technologies, you create a very expensive and fragile world that customers have said, if you can just put that together for us  we've all had to build that ourselves. It's very expensive for us to own it, and through life sustain it, and that has been something. They've said we do believe you have an open platform we can integrate other vendors in here, Symantec. That's great. If you can put these pieces together for us, it really delivers value that is very helpful  difficult to keep that stuff going on through all the releases and all of the folks you have to employ and retain to make it continue to work. That's been consistent feedback. We've got a great story there. That's doing well. The other piece is really in the integration of the endpoint to the cloud. Everyone wants to adopt the cloud. We still have to protect the endpoint. People are very bullish about solving problems when desktops  you know, we're all mobile these days. Everyone has laptops; they want to carry them in and out of the office. When that's auto-connected to the cloud, always connected to the cloud across messaging, web use, anything in your internal data centers, also all of the cloud applications, cloud infrastructure, that resonates consistently through customers, I think. So two things, complexity of building a really advanced cyber defense, and a true life sustainment of that. The second thing is really adoption of the cloud generation, really making the endpoint work with the cloud security platform we've developed. Those are the two major things.
Andrew James Nowinski - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Got it. And then just a quick follow-up on your ATP products, specifically on the two thirds of the deals that you won that were not at a renewal stage, just can you give us any color whether those customers are buying the full suite of endpoint, e-mail and network products? Or are they just mostly focusing on your endpoint? Thanks.
Greg S. Clark - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So a bunch of those are actually in the e-mail, and they're adding the Advanced Threat to the e-mail dial tone, which is really a highly competitive world. Everyone tests everything there. And so when you break those two things off, we end up stopping more of the harder problems to find that the other guys are having trouble with. We've had a great set of results in hotly contested e-mail deals. That's going very well. And we've also had of course a great attach rate to the endpoint. So in terms of the future, we think we can add this technology to a great majority of the e-mail customers as well as the endpoint.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets.
Matthew George Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah, thanks guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Greg, it sounds like Blue Coat had nice performance in your quarter ending July. I'm curious, could you give us a little bit more color on which products saw strength?
Greg S. Clark - Chief Executive Officer & Director: You know I think, yeah, good question. We saw a strong demand across the entire product set at Blue Coat and that's really encouraging. Because we've been able to sell in line with where we used to sell some web proxies, we sell pretty much everything into those deals now, which is pulling through our encrypted traffic management, content analysis system. And in many cases, also our security analytics products all at the same time. That's been really good news for us, really driving a lot of growth, as we have a huge installed base at the proxy and being able to attach those products to it is just continuing to do very well. So, if you can imagine what happens after we announce a combination like we did last call, people like myself and Mike Fey and many of the other executives go to work on a bunch of other things, and the strength of the go-to-market machine and customer demand still delivered above expectations across those product lines. And would I say even in EMEA, where there were substantial headwinds with Brexit, we saw good news, even in troubled territories.
Matthew George Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's great. And then, Thomas, I wanted to see if you could give us a little bit more color on the revenue contributions you're expecting for Blue Coat in Q2. If we assume maybe around $100 million for the two month period, is that in the right neighborhood?
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: That's a good guess. So we included the first two months of the Blue Coat quarter. The second quarter normally comes with the linearity that 50% of the revenue happens in the last month. And the assumption that we took 50% of that $100 million into our guidance is a good assumption.
Operator: Your next question is from Gregg Moskowitz with Cowen & Company.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you very much and good afternoon. Greg, with respect to cloud security, how are customers buying today? In other words, is it still mostly componentized? And if so, how significantly and how quickly can you help them pivot and act more holistically by buying broader solutions encompassing CASB, DLP, encryption, et cetera?
Greg S. Clark - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Gregg, good question. One of the things that is really exciting about the cloud security stack is if I just take a look at our own company, when we deployed the cloud security stack against something like Box.com, no one had to do anything. No one had to run a wire. No one had to deploy a system. And we were up and running with a defense in depth and content inspection on a pretty substantial piece of collaboration infrastructure in a couple of days. And that kind of time to value where you can get what used to take a lot of energy to go get all that stuff and plug it into the network, our cloud generation security platform allows you to deliver that in an extremely rapid time to value. So we're seeing a lot of that, people that are embarking on this vision in the PSCs. It takes something like that or like an Office 365. We see those pilots go very well. And then we have a bunch of modules that then coming out onto those sales over time. So as we land in an account with a cloud generation security stack, we do see the other modules quickly get tested and get deployed. And this is across the content inspection also, the various blades that bring the value from the CASB. So I think adoption curves are great. This is also products that we've seen come into the pipeline and close in the same quarter, opportunities that are very rapid. So we are very optimistic about what we think we can do in the cloud generation security stack going forward. When that is something that is connected to the endpoint, we're even more optimistic that that is extremely powerful. So we like this a lot. Does that help any?
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC: Very helpful, Greg, thanks. And then just a follow-up, if I could, for Thomas. On the restructuring front, is the plan still for a little more than half of the cost to hit cash flow in fiscal 2017 with the balance in 2018? And then also if you had any other thoughts to share with us on fiscal 2018 cash flow relating to your net income just as part of the $1.70 to $1.80 guidance, that would be helpful.
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, all good questions. So first of all, we are quite pleased that we not only completed the acquisition successfully, but also quickly, and have now an early start lifting the synergies. The assumptions on the restructuring costs and how they appear, our thoughts have not changed. 50% in this fiscal year is a good assumption at this point. And we have deployed good operational plans. We have a confident executive team in place working on those plans, so our confidence in delivering the EPS of between $1.70 and $1.80 in fiscal year 2018 is strong.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Eric Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Excellent. Thank you for taking the question. I want to talk a little bit about sort of timelines and plans on some of the integration on a go-forward basis. You talked about, in terms of sales, keeping your raw sales capacity on the enterprise side for both Blue Coat and Symantec intact. What exactly will they be selling? Will it be one salesforce selling across the portfolio for Enterprise Security products, or will the guys be in their own lanes for a while? Can you help us understand how the sales capacity extends across the entire portfolio?
Greg S. Clark - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, no, exactly. So, a couple of things are really good tailwinds for us as we bring the two salesforces together. First of all, Symantec had a pretty strong presence in the mid-market; Blue Coat was primarily focused on the higher end of the enterprise. So if we sort of take the salesforce component that dealt with named account selling at the higher end of the enterprise, the combination of the two salesforces is actually very complementary. So we were, on the Blue Coat side, looking for a bunch of capacity expansion anyway because we had really strong demand. And we have enough of that demand that as we look towards 2018, we do not need to make any reductions in that sales capacity. And also, so in between now and us assigning all of those territories, we came up with a compensation model. And we have really invested in making sure that we can compensate both account reps that are calling on the same account in a way that keeps their interests aligned and if there was a Blue Coat sale, someone at Symantec gets some. If there was a Symantec sale, someone at Blue Coat gets some. And if there was a new sale the new thing that wasn't in there before, everyone wins in a bigger way. So we put a ton of work in the last number of months in how we would do that, and really taken that all the way down and pressure testing that in the big territories that matter like around the Eastern Seaboard of the US where you can have a large bank that's carrying a big chunk of commission and making sure that that's going to work with those folks and even getting right through to talking to them all about it. So we are way down range on that discussion and have made those things clear in our organization and we feel really good, Keith, about how that's going to go. In the mid-market, Symantec already had a strong presence and we didn't at Blue Coat, so that's an easy one. That's a great piece of the puzzle that is just getting a better solution to go into those partners and customers in the mid-market. So net-net, I think we're pretty good at this topic on both the Symantec and Blue Coat side. How to think about it is we just increased our sales capacity and we have enough demand that we do believe we have makeable plans for all of the selling teams across the territories, And we feel really good about that. The cross-sell and up-sell opportunity we think once that sales force is ramped and both sides can sell a lot of the other's products, that we should see some nice tailwinds in 2018 as that becomes productive. So we feel really good about the top line six to nine months from now as that really starts to fire. And the other piece I think is also really key is that many of the Blue Coat salesforce which we grew substantially over the last couple of years has sold endpoint and has sold the other like solutions that Symantec has, such as DLP and things like that. And the Blue Coat salesforce is excellent at selling DLP because their ProxySG orchestrates most of the enterprise DLP in the market anyway. So we feel really good about the two really big market leading Symantec endpoint and DLP products and those being able to be executed by the named account reps on the Blue Coat side. We're optimistic about having some good calls with you throughout 2018.
Keith Eric Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And then, maybe one for Thomas on the debt side of the equation. You talked about wanting to pay down that debt relatively aggressively. Anything you can give in terms of how to think about the timeline and how that debt gets paid down?
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, what we said before is that we try to deliver aggressively over the midterm with both cash on hand as well as cash that is already on the balance sheet. I think that is a good way how to think about that.
Keith Eric Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John DiFucci with Jefferies.
John DiFucci - Jefferies LLC: Thank you. I have a question for Thomas and a follow-up for Greg. Thomas, the question is on the consumer business. You've spoken of a recovery based on the good visibility you have especially with your subscription model. That doesn't really seem to be happening here. Yes, you did hit the low end of your guidance range but I guess, what is happening there? Why aren't we seeing it improve a little bit better than, at least I guess I would have thought?
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, it's a fair question. But to be very honest, the Norton business came in right in line in expectations that we had where it would come out, maybe at the low end of our guidance but still within the guidance. There's some in-quarter revenue components that can fluctuate and that hit us this quarter. But overall, we are still on the plan that we outlined and that's why we also affirmed our thoughts around top line for the remainder of the year. So I understand that your question, why is the low end, but we are still in line with our expectations, how this business is recovering and moving forward.
John DiFucci - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Okay, thanks. And Greg I guess a follow-up, I'm going to stick with consumer. I had a couple, but I'll just stick with this one because we're on it. We've heard of talk about strategic synergies with the remaining parts of the security platform with the consumer business. I guess at this point, and how do you think of that? I mean is that something that is just very, very compelling right now, and consumer just adds a ton of value to the rest of the business? Realizing consumer adds a lot of profit to the company and I think investors like that but it's always  you know, there's certainly a lot of secular pressure there.
Greg S. Clark - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah so, John, that's something that you can imagine I've got my eye on close. And I really like the differentiation we get from other enterprise security vendors, in that we're actually getting threat telemetry from a completely consumer and a completely sort of private web experience which really shows up a lot of shady parts of the Internet. So, let's sort of say that's really goodness that really helps us out. And the reason why some of our enterprise endpoints and why we are much better in effectiveness tests is we know a lot about what the bad guys are doing and a lot of that information comes from people that browse things at home. So we like that. So, and then we say okay, this is a big piece of our business and we would like it to grow. Just like you would imagine, we would like it to grow. So in our comments before, we're really extending what we're doing in the consumer brand to get more value than just on the endpoint and really start to look at the network and the use of the Internet by the consumer. And we are already  we're working on a bunch of things that are really going out to really excite consumers more about wanting to make a decision around Norton for their consumer security needs because it's more than just the PC. So getting off that PC platform is important. We actually know a lot about it because we've been working with telecom providers for many years at Blue Coat and we know technologies we have and our quality of service, and being able to do things like measure screen time and we've already been in content control for a long time. And so we actually really want to extend the value of Norton off the PC platform, off the other kind of just sort of technical endpoints more into of what that user is doing and helping them with some of the new challenges that they have in the Internet. So, you'll be hearing more from us over time, but we definitely have technology in this space and we have the networking cred to get in and help out on that part of the story for consumers. What we're doing in Wi-Fi and some of the home IoT is also impressive. And so, John, we don't want to sit around and watch an outgoing tide on the PC platform. Really, we want to address that part of the business also.
John DiFucci - Jefferies LLC: And appreciate that, but the  and the telemetrics that you spoke about, that's very logical, right, theoretically. But do you actually get  have you seen any measured success that translates into the corporate side of the business from that? And then I'll stop there.
Greg S. Clark - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, absolutely. We do a lot of work internally on attribution of where these platforms and this sort of malware tradecraft that I mentioned in my prior remarks  where it comes from. We learn so much about it from what happens in consumer, because people will warm stuff up on consumers rather than warm it up on somebody with a really big security infrastructure. Also, people want to beat there and walk it back into the enterprise. There is a big tie-up between how this stuff works, and in many cases it's the same criminals. So we get a lot there, John, from consumer that benefits enterprise, definitely, and that telemetry is for real. It matters.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shaul Eyal with Oppenheimer.
Greg S. Clark - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey guys, I think we have time for one more question, just before you start, Shaul. Okay? Go ahead.
Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Sure, thank you. Hi, and good afternoon guys. Greg, so endpoint undoubtedly taking center stage. What is it you guys are doing differently versus the Silent's, the SentinelOne, the Palo Alto's? What is it you're doing differently, because these guys are going to go after your vast customer base. What are you offering? What is it that you're telling your customers which is different from the competition?
Greg S. Clark - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, so I think this is a great question. So first of all, when we talk about a next-gen endpoint and we actually think about what's going on on the platform, we're seriously competitive against all of the other folks that are there right now  things like flight recorders, things like being able to have behavioral analysis, machine learning algorithms. They all exist and serious tech in terms of very experienced people that are working on them here at Symantec. I'd say if I was going to give us a ding on something, I'd say we don't talk about it enough. But we have a very powerful platform, and the latest release of SEP, it has  just very competitive against the next-gen endpoints. And we've been able to win with that next-gen endpoint integrated with the ATP stuff we were just talking about. We've been taking out some of those guys who market well into that next-gen endpoint, and some of them have some good tech and they're good competitors. But I tell you we have a very good competitive offering just head to head on modern techniques, what they call modern techniques, which means the old techniques. I can tell you the old techniques are all seriously still needed. Modern techniques are also useful. And there will always be the next modern techniques because the bad guys are smart and they change the way they do things. But being able to defend against what are the most advanced, advanced threats today, we do well in that space. And we do have a good platform there. We don't market it as well as we should. We will change that. And in addition to that, the number of technologists that are very good at what they do that we are investing in this space is substantial, and we will continue to do that. And we will grow that. And we are after the best and brightest all the time in the industry to do that. One of the things of my reputation, in every company I've ever been involved with I've gone after the best experts and retained the best ones we have and getting more. And we are setting our crosshairs on this ownership of this next-gen endpoint. So then we move to, what are we doing that the other guys aren't doing, and that the other guys will have a big problem doing. It's very difficult to think about protection of users when you don't think about protection of those users in the SaaS applications that they are using. When the applications used to be all inside the data center, you could isolate an endpoint and protect that identity and the associated data. Half of those applications left the building. If you can't isolate the user's identity in the cloud applications, and to do that you need logic like a CASB, it's difficult to really go into a company and say, I've isolated Greg. Did I really get Greg isolated at salesforce.com, at ServiceNow? Did I get his NetSuite stuff locked out? What about all that renewal database over there at ServiceNow, whatever it happens to be? So we are right now the only next-gen endpoint vendor that can address the isolation of the user. And then if you really want to get into the bowels of it, if we start talking about multi-phased attacks, the network assist that we give our endpoint in multi-phase attacks, then being able to vaccinate those from the messaging layer, from the web dial tone, we feel really good about competing against the endpoint vendor. And then the final point I'd like to make, is when you move to the cloud you don't get to pick your next-gen firewall. When you're not picking your next-gen firewall, the tie out between the next-gen firewall and the advanced endpoint breaks. So we feel really good about our cloud platform connected to the Symantec next-gen endpoint and our ability to really change the game on the next-gen endpoint. So we will really work hard to make sure the industry understands what I was just talking about. There's a lot there. And that that architecture and our ability to execute it and deliver it is well understood. And I feel pretty good about our ability to stem the tide of what I'd say had been maybe a better execution from Symantec that would have taken some of the tailwind out of some of the next gen-endpoint folks.
Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Talking about the -- sorry.
Greg S. Clark - Chief Executive Officer & Director: One more point, which is one of the most important points. We have a very strong balance sheet. And this next-gen endpoint party is going to go on for a long time. And we're going to be there, and we're going to be there with a strong investment all the way through it. And I'm not so sure that's the case in many of the others. So that's hopefully helpful.
Greg S. Clark - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay guys, I think that's it. I think we're running out of time. But I'd just like to thank all of you for taking some time to talk to us today and your support of Symantec. Thank you very much.
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's conference call and you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-05-13 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jonathan Doros - Vice President-Investor Relations Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital, Inc. Andrew James Nowinski - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker) Matthew George Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC Keith Eric Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC John DiFucci - Jefferies LLC Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Pat D. Walravens - JMP Securities LLC
Operator: Good day and welcome to Symantec's fourth quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Jonathan Doros. Please go ahead, sir.
Jonathan Doros - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our call to discuss fourth quarter and fiscal year 2016 earnings results. By now, you should have had the opportunity to review our earnings release and supplemental information. We've also posted the earnings materials and prepared remarks to our Investor Relations Events webpage. Speakers on today's call are: Mike Brown, Symantec's CEO; Thomas Seifert, Executive Vice President and CFO. This is a live call that will be available for replay via our webcast on our website. I'd like to remind everyone that all references to financial metrics are non-GAAP unless otherwise stated. Implied billings refer to revenue plus the change in sequential deferred revenue excluding the portion of Veritas deferred revenue. We provide year-over-year constant currency growth rates in our prepared remarks, except for statements about net income and EPS. Please note, non-GAAP financial measures referenced during this call are reconciled to their comparable GAAP financial measure in the press release and supplemental materials posted on our website. Today's call contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions, and expectations, speak only as of the current date, and as such involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to cautionary statement in our press release for more information. You will also find a detailed discussion about our risk factors in our filings with the SEC, and in particular, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 3, 2015. All non-GAAP revenue and expenses exclude the impact of Veritas. However, continuing operations deferred revenue on the balance sheet includes a portion of Veritas deferred revenue from Symantec and Veritas bundled contracts entered into prior to operational separation. The Veritas deferred revenue from those contracts will amortize into discontinued operations. As a result, implied billings growth calculated from the change in deferred on the balance sheet will not represent standalone Symantec's performance, as it will include an impact from Veritas. And now, I'd like to introduce our CEO, Mike Brown. Go ahead, Mike.
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Jonathan. As many of you know, we provided preliminary fourth quarter results on April 28, and also announced that I will step down once our next CEO starts. Last November, as we entered the second half of Symantec's three-year transformation, we outlined four priorities. First, delivering new products that leverage our unified security strategy. Second, building our go-to-market capabilities in Enterprise Security. Third, further improving our cost structure to eliminate stranded costs from the Veritas transaction, and going further, to achieve 30%-plus operating margins in fiscal year 2018. And fourth, continuing to efficiently allocate capital. I'll cover our progress and plans on the first two of these. Thomas will cover in more detail, the cost structure improvement work, and updates to our capital allocation. Let's start with a view of the threat environment, and then I'll share how our unified security strategy addresses what we're seeing. The threat environment continues to obstruct enterprise's ability to efficiently conduct business, and will cost our global economy in the neighborhood of $2 trillion to $3 trillion, annually. To combat this, Chief Information Security Officers are looking to standardize on integrated security platforms, which incorporate visibility, fast remediation, and analytics to secure their environment from advanced threats and manage more cloud-based workloads. Through our unified security strategy, Symantec is bringing to market a wave of organically developed solutions to provide our customers with four key capabilities. One, visibility into a broader view of the threats. Two, automating repetitive tasks that security operations analysts face, as well as enable these professionals to remediate threats, not just monitor alerts. Three, protecting more cloud-based workloads through our new Security-as-a-Service offering, as well as provide visibility and protection to these workloads through our information protection solution. And four, accessing Symantec's global intelligence network in real-time to help understand which of the eight trillion objects we're monitoring are threats to that customer's environment. Many companies offer the potential of security analytics, but only Symantec offers an unparalleled amount of data, upon which to run these analytics. Many of the network security vendors in the market today, such as FireEye and Palo Alto, only provide threat protection offerings, these offerings are focused on keeping bad actors out of the network, and do not provide protection for the data itself. Symantec combines the power of threat protection to keep bad actors out, plus offerings we call information protection to secure the data and authenticate users. These information protection offerings are DLP, encryption, identity and access management and user behavior analytics. The combined power of our threat protection and information protection offerings along with Symantec's global intelligence network is our platform for not only protecting customers against threats, but also authenticating users and protecting critical data. Symantec is the only security company with a platform this broad, or with the access to this much global real time data on which to run analytics. With our new offerings this year, we will bring more of the power of this platform approach to customers to provide more secure outcomes. The first of our new offerings to leverage this unified security strategy is our ATP solution, which consists of ATP Endpoint, ATP Email, and ATP Network. Our ATP management console provides a single pane of glass that correlates threats across our network, endpoint and email solutions to determine the highest impact threats to an organization, and provide fast remediation. In addition, our ATP solution leverages the Symantec global intelligence network to spot threats that have affected any of our global base of 370,000 enterprise customers, and 65 million consumers to stop these threats from spreading. In future releases of ATP, we plan to provide a complete set of third-party APIs and integrations into other major security products. We expect this third-party functionality to be released during our current fiscal year, and will include out-of-the-box integration to major SIEM, network, and IT ticketing/workflow products to help customers leverage their existing security investments. Additionally, we will be adding an agentless endpoint detection and response capability that will enable us to sell ATP into environments with competitors' endpoint products. In other words, ATP will work with competitor endpoints to provide advanced protection and triple our addressable market for this ATP solution. In fiscal 2017, beyond ATP, we will launch additional new and organically developed offerings, which leverage our unified security strategy: first, Symantec Unified Endpoint Protection, a fully SaaS based endpoint security and management solution aimed at small and midsize enterprises; second, Data Center Security .cloud, a fully cloud-based solution to discover and automatically secure cloud workloads on AWS and Azure; and third, the next version of Symantec Endpoint Protection or SEP, which will include further enhancements in areas such as cloud-based detection, proactive exploit protection, and machine learning. As mentioned before, Symantec is unique in the industry in providing information protection solutions as part of its platform to protect data as it travels from on-premise to the cloud. In order to provide visibility into the movement of this data and these cloud-based workloads, Symantec combines its industry-leading data loss prevention and user authentication solutions. During fiscal 2017, we plan to release additional DLP cloud enhancements for cloud services such as Box, OneDrive, and salesforce.com, and user authentication enhancements for continuous and proximity-based authentication. We are already selling DLP cloud for Office 365 and Gmail. Additionally, we authenticate over 1 billion devices a year and provide millions of users with multiple factor authentication without the need for passwords. Beyond our threat protection and information protection offering, the third part of our portfolio is Cyber Security Services, which monitor third-party offerings as well as our own products in customer environments, making this service a source of additional data about the threat landscape, while this service also benefits from our global intelligence network. As a result, these offerings also leverage our unified security strategy. We help customers during every stage of the attack lifecycle by providing the security and threat intelligence expertise required to protect customers' environments since security expertise is so scarce. Now let's talk about the second of those four transformation priorities, building our Enterprise Security pipeline by improving our go-to-market capability. During fiscal 2016, we reenergized our brand to focus solely on cybersecurity, aligned marketing dollars against dedicated sales plays, and went to market with security-only sales professionals. Given the number of our new offerings coming, we are building a robust pipeline with our direct sales force and our channel complemented by new marketing efforts. We are investing in a more powerful lead generation engine to improve the quality of the pipeline marketing is delivering to sales. We are adding 20% more quota-carrying field reps without increasing our sales spend by reducing further sales overhead. We are also continuing to focus on channel partners with more security expertise through our award-winning Secure One program that certifies our partners on our products and provides better rewards for those partners that focus on Symantec. However, we also saw that during the fourth quarter, our new business mix was weighted towards subscription and ratable-type contracts relative to on-premise licenses. Considering the cloud-based nature of the new products we are bringing to market, the majority of these products will be sold as subscriptions. Beyond the changing cloud-based mix of our new products, customer buying preferences for our existing products are shifting to deals with more subscriptions or ratable revenue, to lower their capital expenditures and provide increased security as a variable operating expense. We expect this trend toward more subscriptions to continue, and as a result, we will see a headwind to the year-over-year comparisons for our in-period license revenue, which will be offset by a corresponding tailwind to deferred revenue. Thomas will further outline this business model transition in more detail in his remarks. Now, let me provide an overview to our fourth quarter results, which reflect this shift to less in-period license revenue and more subscriptions sold. Enterprise security revenue was down 4% driven by declines in both threat protection and information protection that were offset by growth in Cyber Security Services and other services. Within threat protection, Endpoint Security again grew in total. ATP performed especially well during its first full quarter of availability, as we sold over 1.2 million ATP subscriptions with a number of high-profile wins across verticals. This initial penetration represents just a fraction of our total Symantec Endpoint Protection installed base. We are seeing pricing for ATP Endpoint well in excess of 100% of current SEP recurring revenue as we sell an ATP subscription for a multiple of our SEP renewal subscription. We already have a fiscal 2017 sales pipeline of well over $100 million for ATP across a variety of industries and customer sizes. Within information protection, DLP revenue for Q4 declined 5%. The Q4 DLP decline was mainly the result of more new business shifting to subscription versions of DLP and lower than expected close rates of large DLP deals. For fiscal year 2016, DLP grew 13%. CSS revenue grew in the quarter 5%, and new business activity measured by billings increased at double-digit percentage rates. In the second half of 2016, we witnessed improved execution across our services business through the addition of sales specialists and our Cyber One offering. Cyber One provides the value of our CSS solutions in one comprehensive offering; our monitored service, incident response, threat intelligence and simulation training. Revenue from our Website Security offerings to protect e-commerce grew 1%. During the fourth quarter, significantly we launched Encryption Everywhere, which is a freemium offering available through web hosting providers to integrate entry-level encryption into every website. We expect Encryption Everywhere to enable us to grow our unit market share dramatically and generate revenue upside from a range of security solution as we convert newly-acquired free customers to premium website services. Moving to our Consumer Security business, the underlying fundamentals of our Consumer business continue to improve driven by the move to subscriptions, as well as acquiring new customers online and through partners, rather than through OEMs. Later this year we will expand our opportunity through new consumer upsell offerings for Wi-Fi privacy and identity theft protection. As of March 2016, over 95% of customers in the U.S. were enrolled in Norton subscriptions and renewed automatically. In line with our expectations, we saw higher year-over-year retention rates in March and April. By this fall, customers worldwide will be renewing their Norton subscriptions automatically as we reach the one-year anniversary of transitioning customers to our subscription service in Europe and Japan. We continue to grow our online acquisition of customers, which grew 10% during the fourth quarter, and 15% for the full year. Norton Mobile offerings sold through our telco partners grew 67% in Q4; and 50% for the fiscal year. This growth did not include any impact from the Indian Telco we announced last quarter, where we expect to begin generating revenue during this fiscal year. For fiscal year 2017, we continue to expect the Consumer revenue declines to moderate to down 6% to down 3%, and be able to maintain operating margins in the low to mid-50%s. And for fiscal year 2018, these declines will moderate further. Now, I will turn the call over to Thomas.
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Mike. Today, I'll provide a brief review of our fourth quarter results and capital structure, expand upon the key areas of our $400 million efficiency improvement program, outline our shifting business model and conclude with our financial outlook. Additional details are provided in our CFO commentary, which is available on our investor relation website. Fourth quarter total revenue was $873 million, a decline of 6%. The U.S. dollar strengthened slightly against most major currencies compared to the year-ago period, which created a headwind of approximately $3 million to fourth quarter revenue on a year-over-year basis. Deferred revenue was $2.6 billion, which includes $330 million deferred revenue from Veritas. Implied billings excluding Veritas were $1 billion and grew 3% year-over-year on a reported basis and benefited from a tailwind from currency. Non-GAAP operating margin for the fourth quarter was 25%, and fully diluted earnings per share were $0.22. Turning to cash flow, cash flow from continuing operating activities for the March quarter totaled $1.2 billion, and include $74 million in outflows related to restructuring and separation costs, and a $900 million benefit from taxes payable related to gain on the sale on Veritas. In regards to this payable, we will pay approximately $900 million in cash taxes on June 15. In line with our previous capital structure plans, and in order to maintain flexibility in our capital structure, while returning significant capital to shareholders, we recently closed a $2 billion credit facility. $1 billion of this facility is a term loan, which we fully borrowed at close. The loan matures in three years, and is pre-payable. The remaining $1 billion is a five-year revolving credit facility, and replaces our existing $1 billion revolving credit agreement. As a reminder, we've returned $4 billion of the Veritas proceeds, and we will return $1.3 billion by the end of the current fiscal year. Moving on to our $400 million cost efficiency program. As you can see from our segment results, the Consumer Security business operates at a solid margin in the low to mid-50%s. Within the Enterprise Security segment, our Website Security products are over 95% recurring revenue, and operate at a healthy operating margin above our corporate average. As a result, the savings that result from our efficiency plan will mainly benefit our Enterprise Security products. Our net $400 million efficiency program is composed of savings across stranded costs from the Veritas divestiture, procurement, organizational effectiveness, real estate and Enterprise Security portfolio simplification. Let me quantify the approximate savings we expect to realize from each of these areas. First, TSAs and stranded costs across IT and other shared services left over from the divestiture of Veritas. In total, we expect to achieve approximately $130 million of savings from eliminating these costs. Second, procurement. We are tightening our focus on how we spend across the more than $1 billion of products and services we consume. We have identified over $100 million in procurement savings that we are in the process of achieving. Third, we are improving our organizational efficiency to remove layers of management, consolidate operations, and rebalance some positions to lower cost regions. These changes to the organization will result in just under $100 million in savings and reduce our net head count by approximately 1,200 positions. Fourth, we expect to improve our real estate utilization by 25%, which will result in an estimated savings of approximately $35 million. And finally, we are streamlining our spending within our Enterprise Security product portfolio to invest in solutions that accelerate our unified security strategy. As part of this initiative, we are reducing the number of SKUs and we are improving how we deliver our technology to customers. We expect to achieve approximately $50 million of savings from this initiative. As part of our $400 million in net savings, we'll be taking a $230 million to $280 million charge in restructuring to our GAAP results over the next two years. Of the $400 million in reductions, we expect just over 50% to be realized in fiscal year 2017 on a run-rate basis. And this enables us to enter fiscal year at an operating margin of 30%. Let me now provide an overview of our Enterprise Security performance during the fourth quarter, and some insight into our shift to more subscription and ratable revenue. Enterprise Security revenue declined 4%, as a shift in customer buying preferences resulted in less license revenue during the quarter, and more revenue being deferred to future periods. This included a faster than expected shift within our product mix to subscription and ratable contract structures. Specifically, the move to a more ratable mix resulted in just over a $30 million revenue shortfall relative to our internal forecast, but our deferred revenue overachieved by a similar amount. This provides a tailwind to our fiscal 2017 revenue outlook. However, we expect the trend of lower in-period license revenue to continue. And as a result, we expect a headwind to billings and revenue growth that will vary depending on the speed of this transition. Underlying this shift, we'll still see solid demand for our solutions and expect sustainable long-term top line growth for our Enterprise Security solutions. Now, turning to the outlook, we expect Q1 revenue to be down 6% to down 3%, operating margin of 24.5% to 26.5%, and EPS of $0.24 to $0.26. For Q2, we expect revenue growth and margins to be similar to Q1, and improve in the second half of 2017 as we benefit from the deferred revenue tailwind of more ratable revenue and start to see the results from our efficiency program. We expect fiscal 2017 revenue to be down 4% to down 1%, from a segment standpoint. We expect fiscal year 2017 Consumer Security revenue of down 6% to down 3%, and Enterprise Security revenue to be down 2% to flat. Fiscal 2017 operating margins and EPS are expected to be 26.5% to 27.5%, and EPS between $1.06 to $1.10, respectively. In summary, when you put all of these changes together, we believe that fiscal year 2018 will be a much stronger year, both for top line growth and for improved profitability. As we enter fiscal 2018, we expect total revenue performance to improve as we benefit from the declines in the Consumer business moderating to down low single-digits. The shift in more subscription and ratable revenue will provide a growth tailwind to our Enterprise Security business, and from a profitability standpoint, we expect to enter fiscal year 2018 at 30% operating margins, and for the full fiscal year of 2018, we expect operating margins of 33%. In conclusion, our Consumer Security top line declines are moderating and profitability remains solid. Our Enterprise Security segment is in the early innings of the most robust organic product cycle in the company's history, and at the same time we're focused on improving the profitability of the Enterprise Security business to drive long-term value for our shareholders.
Jonathan Doros - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, operator. We'll now take some questions.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our first question from Raimo Lenschow with Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, thanks for taking my question. I have two quick questions, if you're okay with that. First one is, if you look at the drivers for the Enterprise Security business that you laid out for 2017, can you talk a little bit more about those? Because at the moment, so I get the  and I get licenses going through being suffering, deferred is going to be better, but then you have that as an ongoing theme. So are we flying blind a little bit because we don't know what's going on, or can you help us a little bit understand on the different puts and takes there? And then I have a follow-up, please.
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Let me take that question. We're not flying blind like many other enterprise software security companies. We are dealing with similar changes in how new products are sold and how buying preferences are changing. That should not be a surprise. We have seen the first impacts of that in Q4, and we try to anticipate that with the guidance we give for fiscal year 2017. Fiscal year 2017, if you compare original expectations to where our guidance is now, I think there are three moving parts. For sure there is a deferred revenue tailwind from our performance in Q4. We said, we overachieved our deferred revenue expectations by about $30 million. That is a tailwind moving into 2017 for sure. We have adjusted our assumptions on product mix and yield and the linearity we see because of that. And we put some conservative up on the numbers to make sure that this transition is predictable from a communication perspective. If I had to give color, then that is probably a 70:30 mix in terms of the factors that I just talked about.
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Raimo, maybe if I could just add, if you step back and look from the model changes as we talked about, we're extremely enthused about the new products that are coming. And of course, we're getting a second year now of a focused marketing and sales effort on security-only. So we've learned a little bit from what we did this year, and we're making those improvements that I talked about in my prepared remarks as we go into 2017. So I think the overall strength of the portfolio is improving. I think if you were to look at the business separate from this model shift to increasing subscriptions and ratable business, you'd see continued strength. In fact, we saw the Enterprise Security business in total up about 1% for each of the quarters this year. If you modeled in the revenue, if it had appeared in-period in Q4 versus going on the balance sheet in deferred, you'd see a similar trend for Q4. And we expect the strength of those new products, the market demand for what we're doing, and the improvements in go-to-market would result in similar improvements as we go into FY 2017. But the guidance that we give now reflects what we're seeing in terms of this shift in the customers' buying preference, and of course the shift in our offerings being more cloud-based.
Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, that helps, and then a question on the Consumer side. Now that you have more guys on subscription in the U.S. and then they're turning into Europe, et cetera as well, what's the story around the OEM business? You mentioned on the call, you have less business from OEM because your other demand drivers are working. But should you not be able to monetize the OEM channel better given that your customer lifetime value should be better with subscription?
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's exactly right. So as we look at the business today, we're still seeing declines from the OEM channel. So of our total customer mix, OEM is a much smaller proportion. That's what we reflected in the prepared remarks. However, you're correct. If we look at the customer lifetime value, given the higher retention rates, we have higher lifetime values for customers, which will allow us to be more competitive as we look at OEMs that we might want to bring on in the future, and we are having those discussions now. But as we've said so many times in the past, this isn't about adding revenue as fast as possible. It's really about making sure that revenue is profitable. So we're not going to be quick to jump into any deal that doesn't look attractive to us.
Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Did I see something in the guidance...
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Let me add to that. I think the strength and the changes in the business model are really that we are interacting with our customers directly. And I think this direct access and communication with our customers has helped us to rebuild the business model and get to the subscription and enrollment rates we enjoy today. We always have to be aware that an OEM deal is an indirect model to get to business, and that's why what Mike said is so important. For us adding and keeping the profitability and the health of the business segments, we have worked hard to achieve that, is key. That doesn't mean that we do not engage into OEM deals, but they have to be well thought through, and they have to add to the model we've put in place.
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think you might have been going rather to the question of whether the guidance included any OEM deals, and the answer to that is no.
Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes.
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We've assumed no OEM deals in the guidance we talked about.
Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Andrew Nowinski with Piper Jaffray.
Andrew James Nowinski - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Good afternoon, thanks a lot. I just have a few questions for you. First, I think you said you're seeing ATP pricing well in excess of 100% of your current SEP recurring revenue. Is that pricing all incremental to your SEP recurring revenue, or is that more of a replacement?
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, it's incremental. So we're seeing a number of factors when we're selling ATP, Andrew. The first is that we're seeing the SEP maintenance pricing or the renewal pricing hold much more firmly, so that's a positive. We're seeing the renewal rates for SEP improve. And in some cases, we're able to expand our footprint as customers are expanding the number of SEP endpoints that are under protection; so those are all three very positive trends. And then additionally, we sell ATP as a subscription, which we're selling for multiples of what the SEP, or SEP, renewal rate is. So it's at least 100%, and in many cases much bigger factor than that. So when you put that all together, we're pretty excited about what we're seeing, both with the adoption of ATP, and with what the revenue uplift can be.
Andrew James Nowinski - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Okay, got it. Thanks, and then just a quick question on your sales capacity. I think you said you're adding 20% more quota-carrying field sales reps, but can you give us any color on how your sales force was structured maybe even prior to the sale of Veritas? I guess, what I'm trying to understand is, did you lose sales reps as part of that split so that net increase to the sales force is less than 20%? Or are you actually giving us of the net increase there with the 20%?
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, it's a net increase. So of course we separated the sales force, but that happened at the beginning of fiscal year 2016, Veritas and Symantec, so we're saying relative to the base we started with in FY 2016, we've now added 20% more quota-carrying. And we're doing that by just adjusting the mix of what folks are doing within sales, so fewer folks in sales that were non-quota-carrying. We were adjusting that down to give more capacity in the field itself.
Andrew James Nowinski - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Got it, thanks.
Operator: We'll go next to Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets.
Matthew George Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great, thanks for taking my questions. I had another question on your Consumer business. It sounds like you're not assuming any real uplift from OEMs. I'm also curious; to what extent could you talk to us about your renewal assumptions embedded in that guidance? And then maybe you've talked about this Indian telco deal before. Do you assume any uplift from that deal kind of in your down 6% to down 3%, guide?
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: From which deal, did he say?
Matthew George Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC: The Indian telco.
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The Indian telco. Yes, so you're correct, we're not assuming any OEM deals in the guidance, so the guidance would change if we do an OEM deal. We haven't really given renewal rates as you know for the Consumer business, but we have seen a dramatic improvement for those customers who are already on the subscription. They renew automatically, there's no  what we used to call an auto-renewal process. So if someone's credit card is current, they basically get notified that their subscription is continuing and they don't need to take any action. And as with so many Consumer products that we're all familiar with, the retention rates for those customers in a subscription is so much higher. So we're seeing the benefit of that. We commented that we particularly saw that in March and April, as we're now seeing the one-year anniversary of when we moved those customers into subscription. And then the Indian telco that we announced, which is one of the examples of monetizing mobile protection for consumers, we expect that to contribute to FY 2017's revenue for Norton.
Matthew George Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And then for Thomas, can you help us with your cash flow assumptions from ops next year? I know, you guys have talked about, kind of, I believe a $700 million rate ex one-time items. Is that kind of the right way to think about cash flow from ops next year?
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I'd say yes, the $700 million is still the right baseline. Before we hit the one-time impacts like from restructuring, we just talked about the restructuring charge we expect to incur over the next two years, $230 million to $280 million. It will not be exactly even across the two years, so you would have to be  expect a little bit more front-end loaded, 60% in the first year, 40% in the second year, but net of these effects, there's a natural run rate of $700 million in the near-term, and then improving once we take full benefit of the $400 million of cost reduction.
Matthew George Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great, thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Eric Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Excellent, thank you guys for taking the question. I wanted to dig into the Symantec Endpoint Protection business and the impacts on the competitive environment that you've seen from now having the new ATP solution out there. One of the better cases around Symantec has been these Next Generation Endpoint vendors are starting to wear away at the base, so I guess a two-part question. One, can you comment on how well that base is sustaining? And two, does the new product change that competitive dynamic at all?
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Keith. We're seeing that our Endpoint Protection is holding up quite well, in fact growing as I mentioned, even in the face of some other parts of the portfolio that are declining, so we continue very enthused about how SEP is doing. And I think that's because many of these other Endpoint Protection companies out there, one, require you to put an additional agent on to get a level of protection, and two, are boasting about some level of protection that goes beyond antivirus. Symantec's Endpoint Protection or SEP already has that. We already, as we've talked about so many times before, we are already putting multiple protection engines into the SEP capability, and we continue to add to that. In fact, one of the 12 new products that I've talked about, coming for this fiscal year that started with ATP is the next generation of our SEP offering, which includes, as we talked about, some of those key capabilities, more detection in the cloud, which shift some of the workload to the cloud versus the agent itself, makes it so much more efficient; Proactive Exploit Protection, which gives us the ability to see different behaviors of malware and block those by understanding how those typically manifest themselves; and then more advanced machine learning. So we continue to improve on what SEP is capable of doing. We kind of think about next generation as having a couple of key aspects. One, are you providing advanced protection beyond AV? We're already doing that today, have been doing it for years. Many of these new competitors are, as I said, crowing about one slice of what's required in protection, that's beyond AV. The second would be, what can you protect across different control points? Can you control for threats that would come in across email, across the network and across endpoint? Obviously our ATP capability does that. What can you do to remediate threats? So do you have EDR capability? Then the fourth, very importantly, can you scale to hundreds of thousands of endpoints without affecting performance? So we believe in fact that Symantec is the only vendor that can provide all four of those in what we call Next Generation Endpoint Protection. And then I'll just point to the third-party view, in February, we announced that pretty rigorous testing organization, AV-TEST, gave us the number one award on Consumer and Enterprise, it was the first time that was ever given to the same company, with 20 different endpoint providers were tested, and we came out number one, blocking more threats effectively with fewer false positives. So we believe we've got third parties verifying what we're saying about Endpoint Protection from Symantec.
Keith Eric Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's helpful. And then just one follow-up; in terms of sort of the outlook, you guys now have some additional lending capacity, how should we think about your view on M&A on a going-forward basis? Part of the purview of Symantec is to pull more security under the umbrella. Does that include M&A in the near-term? Or is it mostly going to be on the back of organic development?
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I would say, primary in our thinking is organic development. You could see that's where our emphasis has been. M&A is clearly not the solution to getting Symantec growing again. Having said that, I think we've been very upfront that we have been, and we'll continue to look at M&A opportunities. They need to fit very tightly with the strategy we've talked about, and they need to make sense, financially. And you can see by looking at our history that we've been very careful as we've thought about opportunities. There's been no shortage of things to look at, but we're very strict with our criteria.
Keith Eric Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Excellent. Thank you very much, guys.
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Keith.
Operator: We'll now go next to John DiFucci with Jefferies.
John DiFucci - Jefferies LLC: Thank you. It seems you were surprised at the customer uptake of subscription-based products or their buying behaviors. I'm just curious. Are there any other things that are surprising you now that you're seeing in the market in terms of customer buying patterns, either something more challenging for you or even something more beneficial?
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'd say we think that this trend towards more subscriptions business is going to be beneficial for us in the long run. It provides a headwind near term, but we think it's obviously going to make us much more predictable long term, and we think it frankly will provide more staying power with existing customers by getting them on a subscription basis, the same way we're already seeing that benefit in the Norton business. So I'd say as we have invested in our portfolio to bring some solutions out that are more cloud-based, we expect that to directly coincide with customer buying preferences. The other key trend I'd say is a real positive for us is the increased focus on the endpoint. As networks become more porous, there are more cloud-based workloads, there's less emphasis on next-generation firewall. That doesn't mean they're not going to be important or that those vendors are not going to be successful, but we're seeing that there's more of an emphasis on what can you do to protect those workloads in the cloud. Even with those workloads in the cloud, endpoint still has to be protected, and then that also lends some tailwind to our information protection offerings, which clearly are very beneficial for customers that are doing workloads in the cloud.
John DiFucci - Jefferies LLC: Thanks, Mike. If I might follow up, it goes with that endpoint comment. It seems like in security anyway, from observation, it doesn't seem like anything really goes away, but we get more and more technologies. And Symantec has been a company for years now and not the only one that says listen, we have to help our customers to integrate this. And there's some talk out there of some companies trying to provide everything as a platform, and there's also talk that maybe that's not the best way to go, and so there's little bit of debate out there. But the real problem here is the customer needs something because it seems like it's getting  and when I talk to customers anyway, they just want someone to bring it all together for them, and it just seems like it's just too difficult to do. But you said something about the agentless ATP functionality that's going to work in concert with others' endpoint. I find that really interesting. Is there any work right now being done within Symantec that is still trying to pull everything together, whoever's products those are, whether those I guess peers and sometimes competitors are working with you or not necessarily working with you? Is this just a pipe dream, or is this something you think can still really happen?
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think it's a bit of a mixed bag, John. I think, thinking you're going to get everything all under one console is a bit of a pipe dream, and the reason is because the problem becomes ever more complex. The attack surface, when you consider mobile, cloud-based, IoT, any of the productivity enhancing trends in IT bring their own security issues along with it. So as the attack surface expands, it's difficult to think I'm going to consolidate everything under one pane of glass. However, one of the key thrusts behind our unified security strategy, and we talked about our platform approach, is to bring more of that visibility under a single pane of glass. I talked in my prepared remarks about how we're doing that with ATP. I think in the future, you could see our threat protection and information protection be brought together under one pane of glass, and that's much broader than anyone else in the industry, in our view, has the capability to do. So pipe dream to think it's all going to happen and it's going to happen near term, but we are clearly moving in that direction.
John DiFucci - Jefferies LLC: Great.
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Also our capability, Mike talked in his prepared remarks that we will provide APIs to put our ATP on top of other competitors' endpoints. I think that certainly a move from our perspective in this direction of having more visibility in one console and providing visibility to our customers, even if the traditional endpoint protection is not coming from us.
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Right, perfect example.
John DiFucci - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thanks, guys.
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thank you, John.
Operator: And we'll go next to Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. I'm wondering if you could help us understand on billings for next year. It seems like almost revenue is becoming difficult to use as a basis to see how you're performing in the business, in this year where you have the significant transition going on. Any guidance around billings or anything directional relative to what you're growing billings right now for next year?
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We talked about our implied billings performance in Q4. I think it's also fair to say that, if we follow the arguments and the trends and cycles we outlined over this fiscal year 2017, we expect to enter fiscal year 2018 with a deferred revenue balance that's going to be up year over year, reflecting the shift in a more ratable structure. So we expect our deferred revenue balance for ES to be up 3% to 5%. I think that gives you an indication of the direction which we are going. And we will, over the course of the Q1 and Q2, move ourselves in a position where we can report better and more detailed billings data moving forward.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got it. And then for  I'm not sure for which one of you, but on the ES business, could you talk about what percentage of that business you see as a growth business versus how much of that business is still a business where you'll have to work through headwinds in 2017 and possibly 2018 as parts of that may still decline?
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think we've talked historically about the fact that 60% of the portfolio is growing and about 40% is declining. We talked about the key areas. If we look over the year, certainly our SEP, Endpoint Security has been growing. We've seen DLP grow at some very fast rates. We saw that up double digit for the year, even though it was down for the quarter. We're going to expect to see obviously fast growth in these new offerings. We saw that with ATP. We've got a number of new cloud offerings coming. We've got the first analytics applications coming for unified security, so a number of key growth areas. What we've talked about declining is Endpoint Management. So that's about $100 million business now for us. It's been in decline for some time. One of the new offerings which we're calling the Unified Endpoint Management and Security is going to essentially replace, because it incorporates both Security Policy Management, as well as the traditional Endpoint Management or Configuration Management. So we expect that will, to a large degree, over the time that it's introduced in FY 2017, replace what we've had with traditional Endpoint Management, which is an on-prem product.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got it. Okay, thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Pat Walravens with JMP Group.
Pat D. Walravens - JMP Securities LLC: Oh, great. Thank you. Mike, let me first say that, I'm sorry to see you go.
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Pat D. Walravens - JMP Securities LLC: Look, that's just my personal view, but seems to me that there's been enough leadership change at this company already. That being said, and I realize this could change with the new CEO, but I would love to hear your thoughts as to whether it makes sense to split this business even further at this point to be even more focused, or if things are sort of good where they are.
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Pat, I think you already probably knew my answer to that before you asked the question. We took a long look at the configuration of the business back the summer two years ago, and decided that it made sense to be a security company. And that's when we made the decision about Veritas. I think all three of the businesses that  or all three of the product line areas we have today, so in Enterprise Security, our Website Security product line, plus the Enterprise Security business that we've been refocusing on, and then Consumer Security, are all contributing very significantly, both to the strategy, and we talked about that before we wouldn't have access to all that information about the threat landscape if you took away any one of those key product areas. And then, I think that helps us to bring more to what customers are looking for, so they can buy more from fewer vendors, back to the question we were talking about, I think it was with John a few minutes ago. Customers are looking to do more with fewer vendors rather than continue to proliferate this best of breed buy from 100 different vendors and integrate. So I think the breadth gives us a lot of advantage when we're working with customers.
Pat D. Walravens - JMP Securities LLC: Terrific. Thank you.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn things back to Jonathan Doros for any closing remarks.
Jonathan Doros - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you for joining us on the call, today. If you have any follow-up questions, please email Investor Relations. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-02-04 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jonathan Doros - IR Mike Brown - President & CEO Thomas Seifert - EVP, CFO
Analysts: Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Pat Walravens - JMP Securities Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Andrew Nowinski - Piper Jaffray Gray Powell - Wells Fargo Securities Philip Winslow - Credit Suisse
Operator: Welcome to Symantec's Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Jonathan Doros. Please go ahead, sir.
Jonathan Doros: Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you for joining our call to discuss third quarter 2016 earnings results. By now, you should have had the opportunity to review our earnings release and supplemental information. We have also posted a presentation and prepared remarks to our Investor Relations events web page. Speakers on today's call are Mike Brown, Symantec's President and CEO; and Thomas Siefert, Executive Vice President and CFO. This is a live call that will be available for replay via webcast on our website. I'd like to remind everyone that all references to financial metrics are non-GAAP unless otherwise stated. Implied billings refer to revenue plus a change in sequential deferred revenue. We provide constant currency growth rates in our prepared remarks, except for statements about net income and EPS. I would like to take this opportunity to highlight a few dates for you. Mike Brown will be presenting at the Morgan Stanley Technology Conference on February 29 and attending the JMP technology conference on March 1 in San Francisco. Thomas Siefert will be presenting at the Raymond James Institutional Investor Conference in Orlando on March 7. We intend to announce fourth quarter earnings on May 12 and will be hosting a financial Analyst Day on May 26 in New York City. Please note, non-GAAP financial measures referenced during this call are reconciled to their comparable GAAP financial measures in the press release and supplemental materials posted on our website. Today's call contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current date and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to cautionary statement in our press release for more information. You will also find a detailed discussion about our risk factors in our filings with the SEC and in particular, in our annual report on Form 10-K in the year ended April 3, 2015. In connection with the Veritas sale, we have provided seven quarters of recast GAAP and non-GAAP financial income statements, third quarter and prior year-end balance sheets and GAAP cash flow statements of the trailing three quarters and FY '15. All non-GAAP revenue and expenses exclude the impact of Veritas; however, the continuing operations deferred revenue on the balance sheet and the change in deferred revenue from the cash flow statement includes a portion of Veritas deferred revenue from Symantec and Veritas bundled contracts entered into prior to operational separation. The Veritas deferred revenue from those contracts will amortize into discontinued operations. As a result, implied billings growth calculated from change in deferred on the balance sheet or cash flow statement will not be representative of standalone Symantec's performance, as it will include an impact from Veritas. This quarter and going forward, we will disclose the amount of deferred revenue on the balance sheet that will represent standalone Symantec for calculating implied billings. And now, I would like to introduce our CEO, Mike Brown. Go ahead, Mike.
Mike Brown: Thanks, Jonathan and good afternoon. I am pleased first to announce that Silver Lake Partners has made a $500-million strategic investment which is a strong vote of confidence in both our transformation, as well as our future as a world leader in cybersecurity. Additionally, I'm excited to have Ken Hao, Silver Lake managing partner join our Board, given his deep expertise in technology and track record of creating value. As you know, we have been undergoing a three-year transformation which began in April 2014. At that time, we laid out five priorities that we had since successfully executed against. First, managing our businesses with a portfolio approach which included divesting Veritas and improving the profitability of our consumer business, while we invest for growth in enterprise security. Second, within enterprise security, we have been investing for growth by reallocating R&D spending to high-growth markets. Third, improving our cost structure where we have improved non-GAAP operating margins to 28% this quarter. Fourth, building a talented executive team, including new C-level leadership across most major functions. And fifth, returning significant cash to shareholders, with $2.1 billion in total share repurchases and dividends since April 2014. During this period, we also developed a well-articulated strategy for our security business which we call Unified Security. This strategy leverages our key competitive differentiator" the global scale and footprint of our large install base, where we can correlate threats that our products and services see with Symantec's global intelligence network, the 8 trillion objects we monitor globally and in real time. After completing the divestiture of Veritas we're a more focused Company as the world's leader in cybersecurity. The second half of our transformation plan began last October and is focused on four priorities. Number one, delivering upon a product road map that leverages our Unified Security strategy; number two, building our enterprise security pipeline and go-to market capabilities; number three, improving our cost structure further; and number four, continuing to efficiently allocate capital. I'll now cover each one of these priorities, starting with the first, delivering upon a product road map that leverages our Unified Security strategy. On a daily basis, chief information security officers and security operations analyst are overwhelmed by the vast number of security alerts that make it difficult to pinpoint advanced threats attacking their IT environment. Moreover, attacks are constantly evolving and leveraging a variety of techniques. This leaves traditional point solution vendors, that are only focused on a specific attack method, at a disadvantage. Protecting against these advanced attacks involves a unified approach to security to guard against multiple attack methods and an understanding of global threats in real time. This is Symantec's strategy which leverages our install base and competitive differentiation in using a big data approach to understand more about the threat landscape than any of our competitors. The first generation of product, leveraging our Unified Security strategy, our new solution in the areas of advanced threat protection, data loss prevention, cybersecurity services and applications that run on our Unified Security analytics platform. In total, we have launched 6 of the 12 new enterprise security products we outlined last year at our financial Analyst Day. We plan to release the remaining half within the next two quarters and have an additional set of new products in the pipeline for the second half of FY '17. The first three of these, our newly released advanced threat protection or ATP solutions, harness threat telemetry from the major control point of endpoint, email and network to not only detect, correlate and prioritize but also remediate threats. This solution does this all from one console without adding an additional endpoint agent. Key differentiators of Symantec's ATP approach are a cloud-based expandable sandboxing capability that works without expensive on-premise hardware, as well as the ability to correlate threats across the control point within an enterprise and against Symantec's global real-time intelligence network. In recent independent third-party testing from NearCom and Dennis Technology Labs, Symantec's ATP solutions received the highest scores across all test categories against vendors including FireEye, Cisco, Palo Alto Networks and Fortinet, meaning we stopped more attacks and blocked more threats with fewer false positives than any of our competitors. Our ATP solutions build upon a key core offering, Symantec's Endpoint Protection or SEP which is our largest product line within enterprise security and which is delivering next-generation endpoint protection today. Many competitors are delivering only a subset of endpoint protection techniques. As a result, customers would be required to install numerous agents on their endpoints to match the same level of protection that we deliver today with SEP. This slows performance at the endpoint and is cumbersome to manage. Symantec Endpoint Protection already combines multiple advanced protection engines across intrusion prevention, white-listing, behavior-based machine learning, signatureless detection of malware and suspicious activity, automation, application control, clustering and remediation, all deployed from a single agent. This layered approach which includes multiple protection engines, goes far beyond antivirus in delivering next-generation capability which is already being delivered to our more than 300,000 endpoint customers, protecting over 110 million endpoints and enterprises. This is the install base for which we're targeting our ATP solution. In our cybersecurity service offering, Symantec is also delivering Unified Security capabilities to customers through our Managed Security offering. This service monitors Symantec solutions, as well as third-party security products, to correlate threats against Symantec's global real-time intelligence network. In many cases, our Managed Security service operate side by side in existing customer SoC to act as complementary protection capability or later defense against attackers. As Symantec has been named a leader 12 times in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Managed Security services. Finally, we will also deliver Unified Security capability through new applications that will sit on top of our analytics platform and leverage the vast threat data we see globally and in real time. Risk Insight which benchmarks and enterprise security posture against peers, is the first in a series of applications we plan to build on top of this platform. The solution is currently running in beta at a large financial services company and will become generally available this quarter. We're excited about this wave of innovation at Symantec which is resulting in the most robust organically developed product cycle in our history. Now on to the second of our four priorities which is building enterprise security pipeline by improving our go-to-market capability. Building robust pipeline incorporates strong brand recognition, a robust channel program, lead generation and focus sales plays. To educate the channel on our next-generation security portfolio and product road map, we conducted partner conferences across our three major geographies at special training sessions which included meeting with over 1,000 partners. During the quarter, we saw early momentum from the global system integrators and now are focusing to further enable our VARs distributors service provider and cloud providers. Additionally, we have launched a set of focused field sales plays aimed at driving new product sales in our install base, as well as replacing competition. For example, our ATP cross-sell campaign has identified over 3,000 accounts that have an SEP installation which represent over tens of millions of control points. Within those accounts, we have identified a subset that our immediate candidates for our ATP solution over the next five quarters as they have an upcoming endpoint or email renewal. We're already seeing positive results, despite ATP only being generally available for just over 30 days. As of February 1, we had nearly 1,200 customers that have either attended an ATP webinar or engaged with a Symantec expert. Over 350 customers who were actively evaluating our ATP solution and dozens of initial wins. One of the most notable wins was with a U.S. food manufacturer and existing SEP and email customer who purchased our full ATP endpoint, email and gateway solution to monitor over 10,000 control points. This customer reviewed competitive offerings and selected Symantec, given our integrated suite, single console and no need to deploy a new endpoint agent. Another example of a new go-to-market offering is how we're helping customers securely transition to Office 365 by leveraging our recently launched bundle that includes DLP for cloud, user authentication and our dot cloud email solution. Our Office 365 solution provides customers a cloud-based solution that secures inbound and outbound data for customers as they transition those workloads and associated administration to the cloud. With cloud-based workloads, it's even more important to ensure an authorized user is accessing information, that it's encrypted traffic and that data that shouldn't leave a customer's environment doesn't leave. Symantec's bundle combines these security capabilities for our customers. We're currently in discussions with many existing and prospective customers who plan to migrate tens of thousands of users to Office 365. Some will be brand-new wins for us and others will be an upsell opportunity. Our third priority is continuing to improve our cost structure now that the divestiture of Veritas is complete. We're announcing today a target of $400 million in cost reduction to be achieved over the next two years. Specifically over the next 18 months, we plan to eliminate $130 million of TSAs and stranded costs resulting from the sale of Veritas, of which there are large opportunities in the areas of IT infrastructure and real estate. Beyond the impact of TSAs and stranded costs, we believe we can achieve further reductions across the Company. The majority of these incremental savings will benefit us in FY '18 and beyond. As a result, we expect to reach a 30% operating margin as we enter FY '18. Now our fourth priority, capital allocation. Our management team and Board believe proper capital allocation is key to maximizing long term shareholder value and we have demonstrated this with a consistent track record of returning capital through dividends and share buybacks. We continue that consistent track record with our announcement today that we will return $5 billion in additional capital to shareholders by the end of March 2017 through a special dividend and share repurchases, bringing our total capital return in connection with the Veritas transaction to $5.5 billion. Next I'd like to provide an overview of Q3 results. Enterprise security revenue increased 1% year over year, the third consecutive quarter of revenue growth driven by 15% growth from information protection. Specifically, DLP again grew double digits. We're witnessing a resurgence in DLP demand across industries beyond the traditional verticals of financial services and healthcare that we've sold into, as more organizations realize they need to secure their intellectual property. We're the best positioned Company to capitalize on this opportunity which is further demonstrated by our market share which is twice the size of the closest competition and our recognition as a leader in Gartner's January 2016 data-loss prevention Magic Quadrant. Moving to our consumer security business, revenues here declined 6% which was at the better end of our down 6% to 8% expectation and an improvement from Q2. During the quarter, we signed an agreement with a large Indian telco to provide paid mobile security services to their customers. This is significant, as monetizing the mobile opportunity is still in its infancy when compared with traditional form factor. We believe mobile security sold through partners will be one of the levers to return the consumer business to grow over the long term. As Thomas will describe in more detail, we're on track to convert our entire customer base to a subscription service and acquire more new customers directly online. Further, as we execute against our broader consumer product road map, we will expand the Norton offering to address broader personal privacy and home IoT security opportunities. In summary, I believe we're well-positioned for acceleration in FY '17. Our consumer business will see moderating declines, while remaining extremely profitable at greater than 50% operating margin. We expect our enterprise security business to continue to grow in FY '17 based on the strengthening product portfolio and building pipeline. Finally, we have a focused organization to execute against our priorities. Now I'll turn it over to Thomas to provide a review of our third quarter financial results and guidance for our fourth quarter. Thomas?
Thomas Seifert: Thank you, Mike and good afternoon. Third quarter total revenue was $909 million, a decline of 2% year over year, was above the mid-point of our guided range on a constant-currency led basis. In Q3, approximately 88% of revenue is recurring in nature, 5% is perpetual and 7% is from services. Over time, we expect recurring revenue to become a larger portion of overall revenue, as more products are sold as a subscription. Deferred revenue was $2.5 billion which includes $396 million deferred revenue from Veritas. Implied billings, excluding Veritas, were $865 million.  The U.S. dollar appreciated against most major currencies compared to the year-ago period which created a headwind of approximately $40 million to third quarter revenue on a year-over-year basis. Non-GAAP operating margin for the third quarter was 27.9% and exceeded our guided range. Excluding the impact from GSA cost, non-GAAP operating margin would have been approximately 30% which is in line with our margin target. Non-GAAP net income was $172 million. We saw that fully diluted earnings per share of $0.26, above the high end of our guidance. Let me now provide further detail on our revenue performance by product area. Enterprise security revenue was up 1% year over year. Enterprise security operating margins were 5%. To note, enterprise security carries a higher burden of stranded cost. Within enterprise security, threat protection was down 4% and within threat protection, endpoint protection grew in low single digits. Offsetting this growth was continued weakness in our endpoint management solution which will soon be refreshed with our new identified endpoint management platform available this quarter. Information protection revenue grew 15%, driven by both data loss prevention, DLP and user authentication were both up double digits year over year. During the quarter, we closed over two dozen new DLP deals greater than $300,000, including one of the largest healthcare systems in the nation, where we beat out the competition to replace the legacy installation with our market-leading DLP solution. Cybersecurity services, CSS, was flat year over year. During the quarter, we opened a Singapore SoC which would further accelerate our expansion internationally. We're seeing positive underlying trends in CSS from both a secular and an execution standpoint and expect the business to improve its revenue growth performance in FY '17. Website security grew 3%. We continued to be the de facto standard for enterprise-level customers to secure their websites which is a stable and profitable business. Beyond the enterprise, we see demand for encryption and authentication accelerating, as security and privacy imperatives and identify and applications like e-commerce grow among businesses of all sizes which we believe represents at least $40 million additional websites worldwide of opportunity for our solutions. Now on to the Norton consumer security segment. Third quarter consumer security revenue was down 6% and operating margins were 56%. However, we're seeing improvement in the underlying fundamentals of the customer business -- consumer business performance which gives us confidence that revenue performance will continue to improve. From a business modeling standpoint, we evaluate the consumer security business based on four primary factors, customer satisfaction, subscriber renewal rates, new subscriber growth and pricing. For competitive reasons, we do not quantify those metrics externally, but believe it would be helpful to directionally describe our performance. First, customer satisfaction. We track our progress through Net Promoter Score which is one of the highest in our industry and expect that metric to trend higher. Second, renewal rates. We have completed the transition to subscription globally. This quarter, we have reached the one-year anniversary of the [indiscernible] transition in the U.S. and will reach the one-year anniversary in Europe at the end FY '17 second quarter. Customers on subscription renew at a significantly higher rate than those not on subscription. We expect renewal rates to continue to improve over the medium term as we transition more customers to subscription and the acquisition makes continuous moving towards digital channels. Third, new customer acquisition. We're focusing on acquiring more customers online and through ISPs, as those channels have proven higher lifetime values. During the quarter, new subscriptions from online again grew 8% year over year. This represents approximately half of new acquisitions. Lastly, we expect pricing to remain healthy as we deliver increased value to our customers in the form of next-generation consumer endpoint protection. Given the steady improvement in both renewal rates and new customer additions, we believe we're exiting the trough of the consumer business declines. Turning to cash flow. Cash flow from continuing operations -- operating activities for the December quarter totaled $153 million and includes $56 million in outflows related to separation costs. Capital expenditures were $114 million in Q3. We expect capital expenditures for Q4 to be approximately $50 million to $60 million. Now turning to capital return. As we mentioned previously, we would update our capital return plan post the completion of the Veritas sale. We will now be returning $5.5 billion which include the $500 million ASR that we executed in Q3 and an additional capital return of $5 billion. The $5 billion will be executed through a $4 per-share special dividend which will amount to $2.7 billion and a $2.3 billion share repurchase program to be completed by March 2017. The record date for the special dividend payable to shareholders will be close of business on March 8, 2016 and the dividend will be payable on March 22nd. Once we complete the special dividend, we'll initiate our stock repurchase program. We expect to execute approximately $900 million of share repurchases within Q4. After the completion of the capital return, we will have returned more cash to shareholders than the net cash proceeds from the sale of Veritas. Lastly, we're adjusting our ongoing quarterly dividend to $0.075 a share, starting in the first quarter of FY '17.  This adjustment reflects our lower domestic free cash flow post Veritas sale, but still represents a significant payout ratio on domestically generated free cash flow. We're committed to increasing this dividend as free cash flow grows over time. Now turning to guidance. Our constant currency Q4 revenue guidance of down 4% to flat is slightly higher than our previous guidance. We now expect non-GAAP operating margin to be 26% to 28%, down slightly from our previous guidance due to a negative impact from currency. We expect non-GAAP EPS of $0.24 to $0.27, in line with our previous guidance, as a lower tax rate offsets the decrease in operating margin expectation. We will provide FY '17 guidance when we report our Q4 results in May. In conclusion, we're seeing the underlying fundamentals of the business improve and we're well-positioned to execute on the second half of our transformation. Now I will turn the call back over to Jon.
Jonathan Doros: Thank you, Thomas. Operator can you begin polling questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we will take our first question from Raimo Lenschow with Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow: First, can you talk -- I know you don't guide for 2017, but can you talk a little bit about how you think about it? You're coming out of a lot of disruption and that should be the first clean year. How do you think and how should we think about that?
Mike Brown: Well, Raimo, I think we can talk a little bit about how we see the guidance directionally and of course, we'll be providing complete guidance when we announce next quarter. So here's how we're thinking about it. From a revenue standpoint and thinking about the two segments on the consumer side, we expect consumer business to perform basically in line with the outlook that we've been providing, so moderating decline as we go forward. Our guidance is really is consistent with what we provided at Financial Analyst Day. Our consumer business very much on track. On the enterprise side, of course, it's more difficult to forecast and we're in a period now where we have so many new products, as I talked about in my remarks. And until we have some better visibility into the traction that we see converting that pipeline into revenue, we would rather be conservative with our thoughts about the enterprise side. But I think it's fair to say that we'll be looking at where we finished Q4 and we will expect that would be the starting point and we would expect to grow modestly from where we finished Q4 as we go throughout FY '17. On the margin side, we should keep in mind a few things. Number one, seasonality -- from a seasonal standpoint, margins are typically down for us from Q4 to Q1. And as we've also talked about, we have a significant amount of these stranded costs supporting Veritas and then the stranded costs obviously that we need to take out. That accounts for about 200 basis points of margin. If you add those 200 basis points to the margin we reported today, you'd see we were at -- which was 28%, you'd see we were at the 30% target. But as we go forward into FY '17, we're expecting that the reported, as reported non-GAAP margins, where we're not able to adjust for those stranded costs, will be about the 200 basis point lower than what we see in FY '16. So lower operating margins and then that's our task as we begin this effort to take out $400 million in costs over two years to ensure that those are eliminated. So that as we start the following fiscal year, FY '18, we will be able to start that back at our target of 30%. That gives you a little bit of the feel of how we're thinking about it.
Raimo Lenschow: Okay and then one follow-up question more on the business. If you think the endpoint is the one where you see a lot of extra competition coming in at the moment. You have a new product set there. How do you think about the trajectory for you to reverse the trend there?
Mike Brown: Did you say to reverse the trend?
Raimo Lenschow: Reverse the -- start to stem the decline and then bring that back into growth again?
Mike Brown: You mean on the enterprise side I think is what your--
Raimo Lenschow: The enterprise side, at the early endpoint yes. Sorry
Mike Brown: I think the first thing I'd want to say is enterprise endpoint has been growing for us all year long, so I think we can do better there. I think when we think about the capabilities that we're bringing, especially with ATP, we see that as a big opportunity. As many of you all on the call have commented, 2016 is likely to be the renaissance of the endpoint, now that we're through a major refresh of firewalls, next-generation firewalls, many CISOs are turning to the endpoint because that's where unencrypted data live and that's where they are looking to be more effective against attacks. When we think about the combination of capabilities that we're offering, we think it's unparalleled in the marketplace. Just a couple of examples, we believe we're the only player effectively providing advanced attack protection across all vectors, so that's what our ATP solution does. You're really able to stop attacks and correlate them that might have been aimed at the network or email or endpoint, we could correlate those. The second, as I talked about in my remarks, we're using multiple advanced techniques that go well beyond static signatures, things like behavior monitoring, machine learning, global intelligence, advanced analytics. So we've already got multiple protection engines that are incorporated in step. The third would be the ability to remediate attacks; that comes with our ATP solution, so it's not just about protection but what can I due to remediate a situation. And then one of the things that Symantec has a strength in relative to some startup competitors is obviously delivering endpoint protection at scale without performance drag, because we can provide all these capabilities with a single agent. So we think we're really in an unmatched position now and adding the ATP capability gives us even stronger leadership. So we're still, as you'd expect, very excited about the endpoint. We think the capabilities we're adding with the ATP solutions really make us the leader again, in terms of the technology to protect, as well as remediate attacks at the endpoint.
Operator: And we will go next to Michael Turits with Raymond James.
Unidentified Analyst: Jerry Benatar [ph] in for Michael. Just staying on enterprise endpoint, what do you see customers doing in terms of their existing antivirus? Are they supplementing it with next-gen endpoint or are you seeing some churn there maybe? Thanks
Mike Brown: Thank you for that question, because I think this is the source of a lot of confusion about what's happening in the endpoint. There's a feeling that Symantec, as being a legacy vendor, really providing an antivirus protection and that's all. What's true is we're providing antivirus, but when I talk about multiple protection engines, antivirus is just one of those. We often call that signature-based technology or protection, but here's where we're adding those multiple layers. So we've spent years developing, through our advanced research, these multiple techniques to protect you so that we can see what attacks are frankly coming in across the network. So frankly, the capability that stops more attacks than antivirus is something called intrusion prevention that's really scanning what is the traffic coming in over the network. That blocks more attacks than antivirus today. And we combine that with other techniques that we talked about, behavior, we use wisdom of crowds to understand what are the reputations that endpoint users might go out to access other files or URL addresses. And again, the vast telemetry the we collect keeps reputations on those 25 billion files, 30 billion URLs. So we will block the user from going to an infected site or opening an infected file before they do that. So it's again, these multiple protection engines and techniques that allow us to provide that best protection at the end point. A lot of competitors like to think we're just antivirus, but it's far from the truth.
Unidentified Analyst: And could you also walk us through -- thinking behind the decision to go with the higher special dividend and reduce the regular dividend? Thanks.
Thomas Seifert: Yes, I think the special dividend is a reflection of returning the proceeds we received from Veritas transaction in a very efficient and timely manner to our shareholders. And we found and the Board found that the combination of the special dividend, combined with a buyback program, is going to achieve that in a very efficient manner. The reduction on the dividend is more a reflection on the operations and the size of the operations moving forward and keeping the operational flexibility to take care of what is in front of us in terms of adjusting our cost infrastructure, investing in the business. And then we said we're going to increase the dividend if cash flow allows for that. But I think those are two separate topics. One is the capital return, a very efficient capital return of the Veritas proceeds and the other position is around how we adjust to the smaller footprint. But keep in mind, we're still -- even the reduced dividend is still the majority of our domestically generated cash flow moving forward.
Operator: And we will go next to Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss: One top-line question and then one more strategic question. On the top-line question, focusing on the consumer side of the equation, it sounds like starting to trend in the right direction. Can you talk to us about how you guys are thinking about distribution on a going-forward basis. You're seeing good traction with the electronic distribution. Is there a potential of extending that back out into maybe putting your toe in the water, getting back into some of the OEM relationships? How should we think about how you're going to get the net new subscribers from here on out, how you're going to turn that ship fully around and actually start to get growth in the consumer side of the equation? That's the revenue question. Then the strategic question is just given the big chunk of cash return that's coming from Veritas, how does this impact how you guys think about M&A and the potential for doing deals on a going-forward basis? Does this have to steer you toward smaller deals versus something larger, given that you are giving back so much of this in cash?
Mike Brown: Keith, thanks for the question on consumer business, because it gives us an opportunity to say our goal is to get the -- return the consumer business to grow. And we think that is achievable over the long-term, meaning, over the next several years. So while we're not forecasting that for next year, as we continue to work through the transitions that we've already begun in the consumer business, we clearly see that as an opportunity, meaning returning the business to top-line revenue growth over a longer time frame. And distribution is a key part of that. Most important for us was making sure that we built a stronger foundation for the business. That had to do with reducing the churn rate and of course, what we've done primarily there is moved to a subscription. And what we're seeing as we're now reaching the one-year anniversary of customers who started in a subscription is that the retention rate of those customers is significantly higher than what we had before with an auto renewal program where they needed to proactively sign up year after year. So staying in a subscription, of course, means that they continue to be protected and pay us year after year without an opt in. And the retention rates are significantly higher, we're already seeing that in the business. That's important because that gives us a stronger model from which to approach OEMs. So if we had lower retention rates, higher churn rates, an OEM customer doesn't make as much back. So now that we're fixing the foundation in the business, meaning improving the retention rate, now there's an opportunity to think about expanding distribution. So today, we're primarily acquiring new customers through online acquisition. And Thomas talked about the fact we're up 8% year over year in terms of our online acquisitions. So one part of our channel growing there. The second part that's growing, from a channel perspective, is the new customers we're acquiring through large partners. These tend to be cable or telco companies and I talked in my remarks about the fact that a new opportunity for us there is monetizing mobile customers. We're starting to do that really for the first time. Then as we look at retail and OEM, OEM has been in decline for us, but now with a stronger model, it will be time for us to think about OEMs again. And in fact, we're competing for a major OEM contract this year. So we'll have to wait and see how that plays out, but with the stronger model, we'll be in a great position to be competitive there and have that be profitable to business for Symantec which of course, as we've talked about was different with some of those OEM contracts before. They weren't profitable for us and our churn rate was such that we weren't able to generate the right lifetime customer value. Moving on to your second question about our balance sheet and strategic flexibility, we do not believe that the capital return program limits our strategic flexibility in the least. As you are aware, we'll have a very strong balance sheet going forward. We estimate we will have something in the neighborhood of $5 billion in cash, as we end up FY '17,with strong cash-flow generating capabilities. We do not feel it limits our strategic flexibility and we're going to continue to think about what are the right other capabilities that we'd like to add to Symantec that are tightly aligned with this Unified Security strategy.
Operator: And we will go next to John DiFucci with Jefferies.
Unidentified Analyst: This is [indiscernible] on for John. Thanks for taking my question. If we could talk a little bit more about the enterprise business. Margins in that segment contracted a bit this quarter. How do you think about the potential for margin expansion there and balancing investing to drive growth, but also get to your corporate margin targets?
Thomas Seifert: I think I said it in my part that their slight decrease in enterprise margin, in part is a reflection of the higher burden of stranded costs that business had to carry this quarter and also to be honest, in FY '17. I think the $400 million cost improvement that we announced is going to be largely reflected in improvement in the margins of the enterprise security business, because Norton is already performing at a very profitable level and we've done our homework there already. You would expect that the margin for a standalone software business in this space is getting double-digit and I think with the improvement plans that we have put in place today and talked about today, this enables that path. And we get -- will get more specific when we talk about FY '17 guidance and beyond on our next earnings call. But without doubt, we have work in front of us, but we're serious about getting that done.
Mike Brown: I would just like to add that the stranded costs we talked about which start with some large legacy IT infrastructure and real estate, the large proportion of those of course would get allocated to the enterprise business, as Thomas said, get reflected in those margins. So it doesn't mean that we will be investing less and making the enterprise business the growth business. But we'll have to attack those costs which are now burdening that segment P&L.
Unidentified Analyst: And maybe one quick high-level follow up. Now being a pure-play security vendor and also having the very large install base that you have, you have unprecedented insight into the macro demand environment for security products. Can you talk a little bit and you touched on it, but could you go a little bit more in depth on the demand environment that you're seeing in calendar 2016 for security overall?
Mike Brown: We've seen no slowdown in terms of the demand for security products and services. They both have tremendous market opportunity. I think we would all agree that the market opportunity is a significant multiple of what we're showing in growth rate. The market opportunity we feel is there. Customers who have engaged with our strategy, seen our new products, are very excited about what they see. So I think our challenge is really how do we participate in that market growth to a greater extent? Which means better execution on our part, getting out these new products, making sure we're building the pipeline and that will allow us to grow the enterprise business a bit faster so that we're achieving more closely the market growth rate. But given the number and severity of attacks that we see with the global intelligence network that we have, there's no slowdown in terms of the attackers or attacks and customers continue to reach out saying they need help with this problem.
Operator: And we will go next to Pat Walravens with JMP.
Pat Walravens: Mike, I was hoping you could talk just a little bit about M&A and how you're thinking about it. And in particular, what valuation guidelines you guys use as you evaluate opportunities? Because that's an area of concern I hear from investor sometimes, that you're going to spend all the money on something that's super expensive.
Mike Brown: We hear those same concerns. I hope today's announcement of a capital return program alleviates some of those concerns, as we've now returned all the proceeds or in process of returning all the proceeds of the Veritas transaction to shareholders, because I think that was a concern. As I said before, when Keith and I were talking though, we don't feel this limits our flexibility in terms of looking at potential acquisitions down the road. We have a very strong balance sheet and strong cash flow. But we will be very judicious as we think about this. If you look at our track record for the last 18 months or so, we've only done two small acquisitions. Those were very tightly aligned with the strategy that we've talked about, meaning they significantly add to the Unified Security. And in part, that was because we saw that the valuations were such that it was very difficult to make an acquisition, have the right level of returns for ourselves and our shareholders. We're going to continue to be very judicious as we think about what are the right assets that need to be tightly aligned with the strategy and they need to make financial sense over a similar timeframe, meaning a couple year time frame for us. It can't be something that's going to pay off 10 years from now. One of the additional capabilities we'll have now is Silver Lakes' extensive capability in assessing companies. They are interested in helping us with this issue as well, both from the standpoint of looking at the opportunities, but also in making sure that we understand the targets that we're looking at in depth.
Operator: And we will go next to Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter Pritchard: Quick question, one just on the capital return I just want to make sure I understand how you fund it, because I do understand you're returning all the dollar amount of the proceeds from Veritas but not all those are in the U.S.. Should we expect you to raise incremental debt or do you intend to repatriate some of the funds that coming in from the Veritas deal?
Thomas Seifert: A good question, Walter. When we talk about the special dividend that is going to be paid in March and also the first step in the buyback program that we announced, if you consider how much domestic cash we have after the Veritas proceeds, then add the money that we get from Silver Lake, we're in good shape to cover that first step. On top of that, there's operational cash flow and then there will be some additional debt involved during the full way, at least until we can bridge a more efficient way to repatriate capital. But I think this is something where we have not crossed all Ts and dotted all I's, that is work that is in process. But I think for the first step, the special dividend and the first step towards an efficient buyback in starting already in the fourth quarter. If you look at the domestic cash on hand, we're in good shape to do that.
Walter Pritchard: And then one other question for you, just on the billings, you gave the billings number ex-Veritas for the December period. Could you provide the comparable billings for the prior year or maybe just the growth rate or constant currency growth rate, something to help us put that in context?
Thomas Seifert: I understand that request. There is a lot of [indiscernible] to be done separating the Veritas numbers and the Symantec new numbers on a historical perspective. And as those numbers -- historical numbers become available, we'll be able to talk about it. Since we just closed the transaction the better part of a week ago, we're not there yet in terms of providing historical numbers.
Walter Pritchard: Just maybe at a higher level, your revenue was down about 2% on the security side. Is it safe to say that your -- whatever measure of what you're thinking that business is growing, is it in that range or did -- I don't necessarily need a billings number calculated exactly but is it something you can give us [indiscernible] what those business did?
Thomas Seifert: I think if you look at it from a bookings -- or from a billings perspective, we have outperformed revenue growth in the third quarter. Let's leave it there.
Operator: And we will go next to Andrew Nowinski with Piper Jaffray.
Andrew Nowinski: I just have a follow-up to the macro question prior. You constantly hear about how enterprises are losing the battle against hackers and as you said, there's no slowdown in breaches. However, are you guys seeing any shift in priorities within the broader spending environment?
Mike Brown: I would say that the shift that we're seeing is towards how can you integrate some of the capabilities as opposed to buying more and more point solutions. Many of our customers are saying, I'm overwhelmed with the number of point solutions that are out there, people coming to me saying they've got a clever new way to block this single exploit. Or what can we do that might help stop one type of attacks and they are looking for something that's a more integrated solution here. How do I get a view across my enterprise? How do I protect myself knowing that there are threats that might have occurred in another part of the world aimed at the same vertical that I am in? That's where I think our strategy is really resonating. So if you think about what we described with ATP, we're giving customers a view across their entire enterprise and then we're giving them access to the global threat intelligence that we have. We're finding that customers are looking for that ability to find a needle in the haystack. How do I see that attack? If I'm a bank that's occurred in an Australian bank today, because the attackers are trying to leverage their business model, but really they are just replicating whatever attacks that worked with another vertical, another part of the world. So that's where I think the Symantec intelligence network really pays off. And then for individual customers, not only that, but again, how do I get an integrated view versus I don't want to be the integrator of 50 different technologies. Those are some of the trends that we're seeing.
Andrew Nowinski: And then just a quick follow-up on the recent launch for your ATP products, I know you said it was only available for 30 days in the quarter. But does it have any revenue impact in the quarter?
Mike Brown: There was revenue impact, a small one. Obviously, we wouldn't call that material for the December quarter, but we're thinking that's going to be a 10 X improvement as we look into the March quarter. And the pipeline is building rapidly. Again, the reason for that is, number one, we're looking at the install base as the opportunity. And we have this idea, I talked about, of focused sales plays where we're out talking to those customers who are going to be renewing email or endpoint. And we've spent so much time with partners educating them about the solution. They're starting to be a multiplier effect, even though it's very early days.
Operator: And we will go next to Gray Powell with Wells Fargo.
Gray Powell: Obviously, there are a lot of one-time costs impacting free cash flow this year. How should we think about the normalized free cash flow margin in FY '16 for security? And then if operating margins improve over the next couple of years, what kind of flow-through should we expect at the free cash flow line? Thanks.
Thomas Seifert: I have waited for this question until we give guidance for FY '17. We had a lot of moving parts with the separation and the restructuring cost. Also CapEx impacted us on the separation side really, being able to separate that, especially the IT infrastructure. So a normalized operating cash flow number, globally is probably in the neighborhood of $700 million. And then we will have to look at FY '17, the gives and takes that are coming from putting a more efficient capital structure in place, that will have an impact and also how we approach the cost reduction of $400 million is going to have an impact on that number. So there will be a baseline and we'll have to make gives and takes on that number. And then as we generate and make progress on the $400 million cost reductions, that will be a significant tailwind moving forward. I think the run rate number I gave is a good run rate number. And then we'll be more precise at our next earnings call, because I think by then, we understand really what the gives and takes are going to be over the FY '17.
Mike Brown: Probably the tailwind, it'd fair to say, Thomas, will be really heavy at the end of the year. Certainly second two quarters; I wouldn't expect as many in the first quarter.
Operator: And we will take one last question from Philip Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Philip Winslow: Just wanted to focus in on the consumer commentary you gave there about getting back to growth. And obviously you outperformed your expectations this quarter. You talked about distribution, but what are the puts and takes that you see there longer term and getting that back to growth? And then also in what margin context do you think about that?
Mike Brown: If you think about the broader macro environment, the PC market we're all reading is declining. So what we view this in is that the install base is growing, but growing slowly at this point, so that's the broader context. Now an opportunity for us is to move beyond traditional PC form factor into mobile. We talked about that a bit today. We also talked about additional products that we can add the used Norton's capabilities. We talked about other capabilities like privacy in the home, like what we could do for IoT as we protect other devices in the home. I think there are other product opportunities that go beyond the traditional PC form factor, but the overwhelming proportion of our business today obviously is PC. And then as we look at the changes we've made in Norton which are primarily from a channel perspective, significant declines in OEM and retail as we focused on online acquisition and partners. Now that we have a stronger model, as we discussed earlier which means higher lifetime customer value that we achieved by moving people to subscription, we can look again at where does it make sense to grow in retail and OEM. In fact, retail for the regions outside of North America is already growing again. We don't have that growing in North America, but that's something that we have as a goal for this coming year. And then we talked about earlier in the call, given the strength of the model, we can also look at OEMs as well. So I'm quite optimistic that over the long term, there are enough opportunities for Norton to be able to grow. It's just going to take us a little while to realize those opportunities.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q2  (2015-11-05 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jonathan Doros - Vice President, Investor Relations Mike Brown - President and CEO Thomas Seifert - Executive Vice President and CFO
Analysts: Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Walter Pritchard - Citi Daniel Ives - FBR Brad Zelnick - Jefferies Michael Turits - Raymond James Matt Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Symantec's Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. And at this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Jonathan Doros. Please go ahead, sir.
Jonathan Doros: Thank you. Good morning. And thank you for joining our call to discuss second quarter 2016 earnings results. By now, you should have had the opportunity to review our earnings release and supplemental information. Weve posted our presentation and CFO commentary that complements our prepared remarks. If you have not reviewed these documents, they can be found on our Investor Relations Events page. A copy of todays prepared remarks will be available on the website after our call is completed. Speakers on todays call are Mike Brown, Symantecs President and CEO; and Thomas Seifert, Executive Vice President and CFO. This is a live call that will be available for replay via webcast on our website. I'd like to remind everyone that all references to financial metrics are non-GAAP, unless otherwise stated. Implied billings refer to revenue plus the change in sequential deferred revenue and we include a trended history of this metric in our supplemental information. Also, we provide year-over-year constant currency growth rates in our prepared remarks, except for statements about net income and EPS. I would like to take this opportunity to highlight a few dates for you. Thomas will be presenting at the Nasdaq Conference on December 2nd in London and the Barclays Technology Conference on December 9th in San Francisco. Mike will be presenting at the Credit Suisse Technology, Media and Telecom Conference in Scottsdale, Arizona on December 3rd. We intend to announce our third quarter earnings on February 4th. Please note, non-GAAP financial measures referenced during this call are reconciled to their comparable GAAP financial measure in the press release and supplemental materials posted on our website. Lastly, todays call contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current date and, as such, involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information. You will also find a detailed discussion about our risk factors in our filings with the SEC and in particular, in our annual report on Form 10-K and the year ended April 3, 2015. And now, I'd like to introduce our CEO, Mike Brown. Go ahead, Mike.
Mike Brown: Thank you, Jon, and good morning. 18 months ago, we embarked on a three-year transformation to refocus Symantecs product strategy, improve our cost structure, rebuild executive talent and deploy capital to maximize shareholder value. Over that period, we advanced our long-term strategy by separating Symantec into an Information Management provider, Veritas and a pure-play cybersecurity company focused on delivering upon our Unified Security strategy. We remain on track to close the Veritas transaction by January 1st. We have added new executive leadership across Symantec to complement an already talented employee base. During this transformation, we improved our cost structure, resulting in our non-GAAP operating margin increasing from 25% in the first quarter of fiscal 15 to 28% in the second quarter of fiscal 16. We also returned $1.4 billion of cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Now that we are entering the next stage of our transformation, we are focused on four priorities that include, realizing our Unified Security strategy, building our Enterprise Security pipeline and go-to-market capabilities, improving our cost structure, and efficiently allocating capital. Lets start with why our Unified Security strategy is the right approach for todays complex and evolving threat landscape. Cyber attacks are damaging the ability of enterprises across the world to conduct business efficiently. Todays leaders including CISOs, CEOs and governments are looking to Symantec to be their trusted cybersecurity partner. Symantecs current set of enterprise security solutions provide our more than 370,000 customers actionable visibility into the security control points across their on-premise data and in the cloud. In an environment where hacking has evolved into highly-funded cyber espionage, we must not only create better solutions, but we must think differently in order to stay ahead of zero day attacks. Our Unified Security strategy does just this by harnessing our vast telemetry, including that from our 175 million endpoints, to provide customers with insights on the next generations of threats and as a result, more secure outcomes. The first of our four priorities is centered on new product development and increased product integration. We are bringing to market applications which run on top of our analytics platform, a core tenet of our Unified Security strategy. As an example, one of these new offerings is our Risk Insight application, which is a risk assessment benchmarking offering that combines data across SEP and Norton, as well as other external data sources. The solution provides a real-time assessment to both internal and external risk using the latest techniques in machine learning and data analytics, and has been well-received by several large banks. We expect to release this application by the June quarter. Including Risk Insight, we have a pipeline of a dozen new Enterprise Security products set for release in the next three quarters across Threat Protection, Information Protection and Cybersecurity Services. The second of our four priorities is improving our Enterprise Security sales pipeline and go-to-market capabilities. Symantec has trusted brand recognition in cybersecurity, we have deep thought leadership in the worlds most influential security experts and we have a focused global enterprise sales force and channel partners to address this opportunity. Now we need to better leverage these competitive advantages and to do so we recently hired a new Chief Marketing Executive, Dan Rogers. A key part of improving this go-to-market strategy involves renewed focus on the channel. At our October partner event, the feedback was overwhelmingly positive as we laid out our strategy with the launch of Secure One, an enhanced channel partner program tailored specifically for security-focused channel partners. The new program consists of training, deal registration, technology support and incentives to drive the results for successful long-term relationships. Our third priority is optimizing our cost structure now that we are a pure-play cybersecurity company. We remain committed toward reaching our long-term operating margin target of 30%. However, after we separate Veritas, there will be a number of remaining costs related to corporate overhead expenses that wed previously shared with the Information Management segment. We are focused on right-sizing our cost structure to properly position the company for the next stage of our growth. Thomas will provide more detail in his prepared remarks. That brings me to our fourth priority, which is to continue to allocate capital to maximize shareholder value. As we previously stated, we remain committed to our aggressive share repurchase program. The Board of Directors has authorized us to pursue a $500 million Accelerated Share Repurchase to be executed as soon as possible. While returning capital to shareholders will be a core pillar of our capital allocation strategy, we also see opportunities to deploy capital toward acquisitions that we expect to result in an appropriate risk-adjusted return for shareholders. I am confident we have the appropriate strategy, product development team and distribution capability that can successfully acquire, integrate, and accelerate acquisitions. Next, Id like to provide an overview of Q2 results and outlook for the remainder of the year. Our Q2 topline performance improved from Q1, which is evident in the strong sequential improvement of our year-over-year implied billings in Q2. Enterprise security revenue grew year-over-year for the second consecutive quarter. Operating margin of 28% was at the high end of our guidance range as we remain disciplined with our investments across the business. While we are making progress in building our enterprise security sales pipeline for the second half of fiscal year 16, it is not at a rate to offset the shortfall we saw in Q1. As a result, we now expect full-year revenue to be at the low end of our previous guidance for Symantec security, which includes Enterprise Security and Consumer Security. Thomas will provide additional detail in his prepared remarks. Now let me now provide an update on each of our major product areas in Enterprise Security that includes threat protection, information protection, cybersecurity services, and website security, a more descriptive name for our Trust Services solutions. In Threat Protection, the endpoint and email control points continue to be ground zero for targeted attacks within the enterprise. Compared to competitive solutions, our SEP solution, Symantec Endpoint Protection offers the most complete and scalable set of technologies in a lightweight agent. For instance, our largest SEP deployment covers a footprint of approximately 600,000 endpoints, orders of magnitude larger than most if not all of our competitors. Endpoint protection grew again in the second quarter, driven by continued strength in our SEP offerings. Additive to this growth in fiscal year 17 will be our recently introduced advanced threat protection solution, which consists of three integrated modules: endpoint, email and network. In fact, our comprehensive ATP solution addresses the increased complexity of managing security as the only product in the market that uncovers, prioritizes and remediates advanced threats across multiple control points all from a single console with just a click and no new endpoint agents to deploy. Moving to Information Protection. With more data moving to the cloud and the sheer increase in mobile users, information protection that spans across cloud and mobile combined with behavioral analytics is a critical imperative for organizations. The strongest performing part of our portfolio today is information protection where revenue for our offerings grew 10% year-over-year in the second quarter, driven by robust customer traction for DLP 14. A number of our large DLP deals included new DLP 14 capabilities to secure information stored in the cloud for Box and Office 365. The combination of our DLP, encryption, and identity and access management assets puts us in a unique position to capture this expanding marketing opportunity. Moving onto Cybersecurity Services. Most companies around the world do not have the in-house security skills needed to address the changing threat landscape, especially once compromised. Our Monitored Security, Incident Response, Threat Intelligence, and Security Simulation services provide customers with a broad set of offerings to manage every phase of the attack lifecycle. During Q2, Cybersecurity Services revenue grew 3%, which is below what this business is capable of achieving. To accelerate our cybersecurity simulation service offerings, we recently acquired the company, Blackfin. Within 45 days of the acquisition, our team brought a new service called Phishing Simulation to market and announced its availability in October. Now onto Website Security. Website security is an essential component of Unified Security, and its not just about SSL certificates. Symantec takes a more holistic approach through offering complete website security and management tools in discovery and automation. Additionally, we offer the Norton shopping guarantee, which increases consumer confidence through our Symantec trusted endorsement. Shoppers know theyre dealing with a retailer they can trust, so theyre likely to become loyal buyers who purchase more and come back more often. Norton Shopping Guarantee has proven to deliver 7% higher conversion rates and 5% more repeat purchases for our retail customers. Website Security revenue grew 5% this quarter, an acceleration from 3% in Q1. Now onto the Consumer Security segment. There has been no letup in the threats that attack consumers. An increase in Crypto-ransomware and the continual discovery of new vulnerabilities in the commonly used operating systems reinforce the need for consumer security and data protection. The Norton Security subscription service supports Microsoft Windows, Apple OSX, iOS and Google Android enabling our customers to protect their devices from malware, phishing and scams as well as manage passwords, backup data and supervise childrens internet browsing. In converting customers to our subscription service, we are shifting away from unprofitable channels, focusing on reducing churn and acquiring customers directly online and through our growing list of service provider partners. Our Consumer Security segment performed in-line with expectations as we continue to convert all of our millions of customers to a cloud-based subscription service. We are about halfway through this conversion, which we expect to be complete in the summer of 2016. We are also seeing continued improvements in key levers of our Norton business such as online customer acquisition, our most profitable channel, which generated over 600,000 new units of our core Norton Security offering in Q2, up 8% year-over-year. More importantly, we believe the lifetime value for these customers is 30% higher with the subscription model. The anonymous telemetry gleaned from the large Norton customer base continues to provide Symantec with a unique perspective into global threat patterns. Last quarter, we saw several high profile attacks on a broader set of IoT devices such as cars, so we continue to believe Norton can play a bigger role in protecting our customers in the future. As the global leader in cybersecurity, we operate one of the worlds largest cyber intelligence networks, we see more threats, and protect more customers from the next generation of attacks. We help companies, governments and individuals secure their most important data wherever it lives. I couldnt be more excited about the opportunities ahead. Now, Ill turn it over to Thomas to provide a review of our second quarter financial results and guidance for our third and fourth fiscal quarters. Thomas?
Thomas Seifert: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Before I get start, let me point out that given that the Veritas transaction has increased the complexity of our results and guidance, we have included a CFO commentary document on our website this time which will provide additional detail to my prepared remarks. On October 3, we completed an important milestone with the operational separation of Veritas. This is a substantial accomplishment that would not have been possible without the hard work and commitment of our employees. We remain on track to close the Veritas transaction by the end of the fiscal third quarter. In conjunction with this separation, we have committed to returning significant cash to shareholders. We had previously announced our intention to return $2 billion to shareholders over 18 months after the closing of the Veritas transaction. I am pleased to announce that we are going to commence this $2 billion capital return ahead of the expected January close of the Veritas sale. The Board of Directors has authorized us to pursue a $500 million accelerated share repurchase to be executed as soon as possible. The expected $500 million ASR will be in addition to our normal repurchase activity of approximately $125 million of shares for the third fiscal quarter, of which about $105 million has been completed to-date. The ASR and our ongoing open market repurchases reflect the Board of Directors and Symantecs confidence in our ability to achieve significantly improved performance and create sustainable value for shareholders, while it allows us to retain flexibility as we finalize our capital allocation strategy in anticipation of the transactions closing. Now, let me turn to second quarter financial results. Total revenue declined 1% year-over-year to $1.5 billion and was in-line with our guided range. As expected, growth in Enterprise Security and Information Management substantially offset declines in Consumer Security. Deferred revenue was flat year-over-year at $3.3 billion, an improvement from a 1% decline in our June quarter. As a result, implied billings were flat, also an improvement from last quarter. The U.S. dollar strengthened against most major currencies compared to the year ago period, which created a headwind of $99 million to second quarter revenue and $144 million to deferred revenue on a year-over-year basis. Non-GAAP operating margin for the second quarter was 28.1%, an increase of 50 basis points year-over-year and at the high end of our guidance range, as we continue to seek out efficiency opportunities throughout the organization. I will provide more detail in regards to efficiency initiatives later in my remarks. Non-GAAP net income of $301 million resulted in fully diluted earnings per share of $0.44. Moving now to our business segments. Enterprise Security revenue grew 1% year-over-year to $485 million, the second consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth. We saw revenue outperformance from our DLP products, which grew 37% year-over-year. Endpoint security also had another solid quarter, increasing 2% year-over-year. This strength was offset by weakness in endpoint management, mail, and data center security. Non-GAAP operating margin for the Enterprise Security segment was 10%, which was in-line with our expectations. We continue to carefully manage our investment in the business, as we shift more resources to higher enterprise security growth opportunities. In the Consumer Security segment, revenue declined 8% as expected to $420 million. We delivered non-GAAP operating margin of 55%, up 357 basis points year-over-year. Our operating margin was higher primarily as a result of continuing operational improvements in areas such as tech support and lower OEM royalty payments. We continue to expect Norton revenue to decline in a range of 5% to 8% for fiscal year '16, and operating margin to return to our guided range of 52% to 54% as we invest in additional marketing initiatives to improve our growing online acquisition rate and our customer experience. Information Management revenue increased 2% to $593 million. Non-GAAP operating margin for the IM segment increased by 489 basis points year-over-year to 23%. Now, turning to cash flow and capital allocation. Cash flow from operating activities for the September quarter totaled $134 million. We made separation payments of $64 million and restructuring payments of $26 million during the September quarter. Capital expenditures were $71 million in Q2 and a total of $149 million in the first half of fiscal year '16. We returned $262 million to shareholders during the September quarter. $102 million was in the form of cash dividends and $160 million was used to repurchase 8 million shares at an average share price of $21.13. The expanded set of revenue and efficiency initiatives continues to improve our top-line and optimize our cost structure for fiscal year 16. Let me provide an update on three of these initiatives. First, our license compliance initiative, which we put in place to ensure customers are current on their subscription and maintenance agreements, is on track to deliver total revenue of $17 million for the security business in fiscal year 2016. Second, within the Symantec security business, we have implemented a plan of action to upgrade customers to the latest version of all our products. This allows us to shift support and development spending to higher growth initiatives, but even more importantly, it allows our customers to take advantage of the technology improvements in our latest releases. Finally, we are in the planning phase of leveraging and optimizing our existing data center cloud strategy to improve the overall cost of our IT infrastructure. Ill update you more on the progress of this initiative in the coming quarters. Now let me provide you with a high level overview of Symantec securitys standalone financial profile for fiscal year 2016. As a reminder, all growth rates are year-over-year and in constant currency. Our revenue, operating margin, and non-GAAP EPS guidance for the third and fourth quarters of fiscal year 2016 represent standalone Symantec security and do not include Veritas, formerly our Information Management segment. The impact from Veritas will be included in GAAP EPS as discontinued operations for the third quarter. We are lowering second half fiscal 16 revenue outlook. While our Enterprise Security sales pipeline is growing, it is not enough to compensate for Q1 shortfall. Similarly, we are adjusting our non-GAAP operating margin guidance. Selling the Veritas business will result in transaction service agreements, TSAs and stranded costs, which are overhead expenses once shared with Veritas. These expenses include IT-related infrastructure and services, real estate, litigation, and to a lesser extent headcount. On an annualized basis, we expect to have approximately $130 million in TSAs and stranded costs. Our TSA costs, which represent about a third of the total, will need to be in place over the next year as we support the Veritas businesss transition. While these TSAs are a headwind to our operating margin, Veritas will reimburse us for these costs in discontinued operations. Starting now and through fiscal year 2017, we expect to take aggressive action to right-size our cost structure by this amount. This will help us to move toward our 30% operating margin target. Moving onto our Q3 guidance for the standalone Symantec security company. Our December 2015 quarter guidance assumes an exchange rate of $1.13. We expect Symantec security revenue for our third fiscal quarter to be between $890 million and $920 million. For our Consumer Security segment, we expect our revenue to decline year-over-year in a range of between 6% and 8%. We expect revenue for our Enterprise Security segment to grow 0.5% year-over-year. We expect non-GAAP operating margin to be between 25.5% and 27.5%. Excluding the impact from stranded costs and TSAs, our operating margin guidance would have been 30% at the midpoint. We expect third fiscal quarter non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.22 to $0.25, which assumes a share count of 665 million. Without the Veritas sale, we estimate that the Information Management business would have contributed an additional $0.23 per share to non-GAAP EPS. Moving onto our Q4 guidance for the standalone Symantec security company. Our March 2016 quarter guidance assumes an exchange rate of $1.13. We expect fourth fiscal quarter Symantec security revenue to be between $885 million and $915 million. For our Consumer Security segment, we expect our revenue guidance to remain unchanged from a year-over-year decline in a range of between 5% and 8%. We expect revenue for our Enterprise Security segment to grow 1% year-over-year. We expect non-GAAP operating margin to be between 26.5% and 28.5%, resulting in an EPS in the range of $0.24 to $0.27. Excluding the impact from stranded costs and TSAs, our operating margin guidance would have been 30.3% at the midpoint. Our guidance assumes a share count of 653 million. In conclusion, our team has made a lot of progress in achieving operational separation and Im confident were on the right track in moving our business forward. As we enter the next stage of our transformation, we are well positioned to return Symantec to growth through both organic and inorganic opportunities. And with that, Ill turn it over to Jon to begin taking your questions.
Jonathan Doros: Thanks, Thomas. Operator, will you please begin polling for questions?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will go first to Raimo Lenschow with Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow: Hey. Thanks for taking my question. My first main question is like there are obviously lots of moving parts in FY16. Is there any change without giving guidance, obviously to talk maybe qualitatively about the FY 17 because that will be probably the first clean year after the split?
Mike Brown: Right. Absolutely, Raimo. So if you think about the two components of the business, Consumer Security and Enterprise Security, our expectations for FY 17 would be unchanged from what weve talked about at the Financial Analyst Day. And that was to refresh everybodys memory, the decline that we are seeing in Norton should moderate in FY 17 and the guidance we have for FY 17 is a decline of between 3% and 6% and improvement of the range of 5% to 8% that we are operating within this year. The Consumer Security remains unchanged. So the change from the revenue standpoint for FY 17 would really be around Enterprise Security. We are clearly pleased with the momentum that we are seeing in Enterprise Security, in particular the recovery from the core Q1 performance. So, we could see that in some of the numbers that we talked about. We are seeing particular strengths in a couple of product areas today, DOP endpoint, cyber security services. As I talked today in my prepared remarks, we have a host of new products, in fact a dozen new products in Enterprise Security. However, it will take time for customers to integrate those and for those to be contributing materially to our financial results. So the guidance we gave a year ago for FY 17 was that we would be in a range of 1% to 6% for revenue growth this year FY 16. And as you can see from the guidance that Thomas just provided, we will be at the very low end of that range closer to 1%. As we look forward to FY 17, it would not be conservative to think that will grow at the rate that we previously gave, which was 6% to 10%. So while its too early to give specific guidance on what we would see for Enterprise Security, we will do that as we get closer to the end of this fiscal year 16. I think we have to say that it's going to be somewhere in between where we gave for FY 17 from our ending rate this year and the rate that we gave at Financial Analyst Day. On the margin side, we have a lot of work to do, as Thomas mentioned to reduce our cost structure, taking account of the TSAs and stranded costs as a result of the Veritas sale. In fact if you take the guidance that Thomas gave and you add about three points which would account for these costs, you can see we are operating very close, if not at the guidance we gave at Financial Analyst Day, which was a range for the security business of 30% to 31% operating margin. So, we have a lot of confidence that we will be able to get back to the earning potential of business, which would be our target of 30% operating margin. But it will take us through FY 17, pick out those costs and have that show through.
Raimo Lenschow: And I have a question for Thomas. So, TSA cost, et cetera, they will all be done in 17, so its going to be a clean year on the cost side as well, or is there still some spillover?
Mike Brown: Its a whole set of TSA agreements. Its not just one. But the majority of those agreements are going to expire within the coming year -- within a year. Thats true.
Raimo Lenschow: And
Mike Brown: So we wont start FY -- just to be clear, we wont be starting FY17 with those gone. That's just a few months away. It will take us that fiscal year to be able to reduce those costs.
Raimo Lenschow: Yeah. Yeah. I know this what I meant.
Mike Brown: Yeah.
Raimo Lenschow: Like its the, Thomas said, it takes years, is it like the whole calendar year or is it fiscal year that you are talking about?
Mike Brown: For this year, yes, its pretty much a year to take out the stranded cost that we will take us until the end of the fiscal year.
Raimo Lenschow: Okay.
Mike Brown: TSAs four quarters pretty much from finishing the transaction, closing the transaction and then stranded cost really until the end of the fiscal year 17.
Raimo Lenschow: Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Mike Brown: Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter Pritchard: Hi. Just one question for Mike. Just on the new endpoint product, internet product now had a data early access. Could you give, help us understand, give us some feedback currently you're seeing in that product? So how broader you are seeing interest in your customer base? And you released pricing, I think, last week or the week before? Can you talk about how much you think you'll actually be able to realize incrementally in accounts. It seem like the pricing there was actually multiples of, you might be getting for AV and you should have see this add-ons may come at fraction of what the AV is not multiples?
Thomas Seifert: Sure, Walter. So we're very excited about the Advanced Threat Protection solutions. As you know its three modules. It is network, e-mail and endpoint. Network is available today, e-mail is also available but our endpoint to comes at the very end of the quarter. So we are in our controlled availability at this point and general availability comes at the end of the quarter. The real power of these three solutions come when you work with all three together, because the key differentiation here with Symantec Advanced Threat Protection is that we are able to operate across these street multiple control points and then prioritize for the stock analysts, what are the threats that they should be worried about was really improves the signal-to-noise ratio, you don't have to worry about threats that have been remediated by our endpoint as an example. And they were also allowing stock analyst to remediate either quarantine or eliminate threat with one click from a single console across those multiple control points. This is a huge productivity improvement for stock analysts. The other key benefits, obviously, are from a cost standpoint these capabilities available in a virtual appliance as oppose to a physical appliance that cost hundreds of thousands of dollars. And we are correlating that threat information you are seeing in your local environment across your enterprise with what were seeing globally. So you get advance notice of whatever is happening in your industry as an example from around the globe. So really key advantages and that's why the pricing is a multiple of what we're seeing today with our set products. The customer reaction has been enthusiastic as youd imagine given those productivity benefits that I talked about because one of the big expenses when security staffs are maintaining their environment or protecting their environment is of course the labor cost. Its not the cost of the technology that were providing. So if we can make those folks more productive, we save a whole lot of money. So the reaction that we've seen even from the control availability of the other modules that are available and what the beta has shown us from endpoint is this is going to be one of our most successful products. So already in use in beta at a number of customers that are global financial institutions, healthcare really across the board. So we're pretty enthused but it is early, obviously without having the product in general availability, itd be too soon to start predicting what did that mean financially for us. And as I mentioned when I talk about FY 17 guidance, its going to take -- you pick the number six and nine months for customers to really do their own testing integrate this and start buying in a sufficient quantity to affect the financials.
Walter Pritchard: And then just, like one of the product question, you mentioned in the script and I think its the first time weve heard you say that you were upgrading your customers of free to latest version on the enterprise side. Weve seen other companies do that. Microsoft doing it with Win 10, there will others doing subscription like offering so they are keeping customers on the current version. I guess, the question on your end would be, are you foregoing a material amount of revenue by doing that that upgrade for free and how did you think about that versus the benefits of lower support costs and having everybody consuming your latest and greatest?
Mike Brown: Walter, Im not sure that I did say that. We are enthused about customers moving to more current versions of the product. What we do offer for free is working with customers to make sure theyve turned on all the features of our products. For example, CEP today is in my view by far the best protection you can have on the endpoint. I think thats why we are the leader in the market. Its because we have so many protection engines in place beyond what you get from AV which I know a lot of folks in the market like to say thats the only engine that we have. There is five or six engines in our CEP product today, including things like file reputation, intrusion prevention, behavioral analysis to understand what files are really doing. So we want to make sure that our customers have all those engines turned on and when they do, were blocking more threats than anyone else. And we have proof of that in third-party testing. So again not sure what I said that made you think we were doing a wholesale upgrade of our enterprise customers, but we are trying to make sure that sub-customers as an example have turned all the features on of the product they bought.
Walter Pritchard: Okay. Thanks for the clarification.
Operator: We will go next to Daniel Ives with FBR.
Daniel Ives: Thanks. In terms of M&A, I mean how should we think about timing versus opportunity? I mean, is this just looking for the right situation, or do you feel like there's from a timing perspective more urgency to get a fuel in the tank in terms of the right acquisitions? That would be my first question.
Mike Brown: Okay. Well, I think as weve said, we believe the M&A is a key part of the strategy. But lets look back at what we've done so far this fiscal year and even go back to last year. Weve made two acquisitions, so were being highly selective in terms of looking at these targets. One was a Narus acquisition, which was getting a select group of data scientists, who can really help us accelerate unified security analytics platform that were building. As we talked about earlier in my prepared remarks, were getting the first application, something called risk insight that will be available basically in the second half of fiscal year '16. And then more recently Blackfin, which was complementary technology to add to cybersecurity services, specifically in the simulation services area. So we've already begun looking for what are the complementary targets out there. They need to be tightly aligned with the strategy. One of the things that I could be critical about our past is that perhaps we haven't gone after acquisitions that were tightly aligned with the articulated strategy. And then as weve also talked about in the past, where really were going to be able to bring value if we look for complementary technology where we can use our distribution capability to grow that dramatically, perhaps the most successful example of that was our DOP business, which today is a flagship in the industry in terms of its performance. So I would say we're not in a hurry, I cant remember the words we use, but we know were not in a hurry. There's a lot of opportunity out there, but we need to be very selective. It's not lost on us that most of these companies are trading at a multiple of revenue and obviously our multiple of revenue is quite low. So were going to be very selective about choosing the right target, but stick with the strategy that we can grow dramatically and then have the appropriate risk-adjusted return for shareholders.
Daniel Ives: And just a quick follow-up. Just given the head-scratcher last night from competitor, are you seeing less threats on the enterprise given improving U.S., China relations, just thought Id ask it?
Mike Brown: No, we are seeing the threat landscape continue to be quite scary, threats are clearly on the rise. And certainly, if you look at where most of the threats are coming from, its criminal activity with the greed motivation. So Im not sure if your questions really around state sponsored activity, but that is a very small fraction of the total threat landscape.
Daniel Ives: Great. Thanks.
Operator: And well go next to Brad Zelnick with Jefferies.
Brad Zelnick: Great. Thanks so much. My first question for Thomas is on billings, which were actually stronger than wed modeled and seasonally better than you typically see in Q2. But as we look forward ex-Veritas, can you help us with what to expect in terms of the seasonality and what the business looks like without Veritas baked in? And are you going to provide a pro forma balance sheet for us so we can model this out?
Thomas Seifert: Yes. To the last question. As we talked about, actually well adjust and clean up our historical numbers, so those numbers will be available to and after the transaction closes. And we do not expect our billings behavior from a seasonality perspective to materially change at the separation.
Brad Zelnick: Thanks for clarifying. And just following up on Walters question, I think Thomas, it was actually in your prepared remarks where you say that the company's implemented a plan of action to upgrade customers to the latest version of all of our products, hoping you can tell us a little bit more about what that means? But if it's any different than what Mike had already said, but is there a risk that gives customers a reason to may be go to market and reconsider competitors if theres some type of forced upgrade?
Thomas Seifert: Its not a forced upgrade, but its really convincing customers that there is a benefit moving to our latest version. And in my remarks it was less from a -- do we do this for free, we dont. But if we have from an R&D and technical support cost structure as we have less versions to support, this of course frees up resources that you can redeploy towards high growth opportunities in the Enterprise Security segment. And that is the primary motivation behind driving this initiative on our side. So theres a customer benefit and from us -- for us the benefit is really that we can get cleaner is our setup and continue to optimize our investment opportunities as we have done over the last 12 months.
Brad Zelnick: And then maybe just -- maybe
Mike Brown: Just a couple more points on that. I think I did mention in my remarks that we have 370,000 enterprise customers. So you can imagine with the breadth of the product line and how many enterprise customers, how many different versions that were supporting. And of course, what we found as we look across that customer basis is that because it sometimes cumbersome to upgrade to new versions, companies can be reluctant to do that. And what we all know is the threat landscape as I mentioned a minute ago is evermore complex. And we need to have customers migrating to more recent versions and making sure all the features are turned on of the products where they really are not protected in a way the products are intended. So as I like to say it, you locked the front door, but you left the windows open. So its an conscious effort on our part to make sure that customers are protected. Now that benefits them, but from a business model standpoint, as Thomas referred too, that also gives us some more efficient business model.
Brad Zelnick: Thanks, Mike. And thanks, Thomas.
Mike Brown: You bet.
Operator: Well go next to Michael Turits with Raymond James.
Michael Turits: Hey, guys. Just a clarification on the longer-term margin outlook. So should I understand that fiscal '17, lets call it pro forma ex-TSA and stranded cost will be 30% and then how are you feeling about it for fiscal 18?
Mike Brown: Well, well provide update on 18 as we get closer.
Michael Turits: Give me fiscal 20, while you actually
Mike Brown: We -- I think we find the right balance in terms of trade-off getting the business to grow and delivering the profitability that we need. We think that 30% is the right target on compensated for stranded cost and TSA in fiscal 17. And we excited about the momentum we see on the topline from a business momentum perspective that allows us to grow moving forward of cost that this will have scaling impacts and benefits, but its too early to call that in a specific number.
Michael Turits: Okay. Thanks. And then, Mike, just a continuation of the question regarding industry in general, you said, youre not seeing reduction in the tax. I assume that's both commercial and state-sponsored? And what about the question that was on last nights call from a competitor regarding with what they thought was a slowing in spending from elevated rates to something less elevated? Are you seeing that slowing in spending in the industry?
Mike Brown: Were not. Now at -- we have a much broader product line than I think the competitor you might be referring to. So and were just entering. If you think about -- if your question really is related to FireEyes comments, theyre clearly focused on Advanced Threat Protection. Thats the market we dont even have exposure to yet in any material way. And of course, the other area of competitive overlap for us is services with Mandiant, which is so successful in the service arena. Our Incident Response business is newer than theirs. We are at capacity. Were trying to grow that as fast as we can, but obviously, they have a much larger position in Incident Response than we do.
Michael Turits: Yeah. So just
Mike Brown: We dont overlap as much -- we dont overlap as much. So my comments really are related to our business, and obviously, I dont see what they think.
Michael Turits: Yeah. I just was wondering if, anything is possible to make this observations from kind of general tone of the industry whether or not you thought that that there was some kind of change in the nature spending from a level of urgency to something less?
Mike Brown: Were not seeing at Symantec. We analyze 10 trillion security incidents a year. So the scale of what were seeing only continues to increase.
Michael Turits: Thanks Mike, Thanks, Thomas.
Operator: Well next to Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets.
Matt Hedberg: Yeah. Thanks guys for taking my questions. I wanted to circle back on the consumer business, in your prepared remarks I know you guys mentioned the migration to cloud-based subscription sounds like it should be done by next summer? And given the context of Norton falling, I think, you said between 5% and 8% this fiscal year? Once this migration is completed, is that really would gives you the confidence that this business can re-accelerated and once it does, maybe remind as about what the margin structure that business looks like?
Mike Brown: Sure. Well, I think, theres a number of factors play here. So one is, of course, the move to a subscription model, the other is our primary means of acquiring customers, which shifted from OEM and retail to online. So we talked about that being up 8% year-over-year. We added 600,000 new customers for Norton this past quarter. So about half of our business now is online customers and those tend to be the stickiest because they have made the positive decision to go with the best. I think we have been awarded the PC Editors Choice Award 37 times at this point. So they're making a positive choice to go with the premium offering for security. And we find that those customers have a larger lifetime value, 30% more relative to in fact a customer that comes in through OEM or retail. So thats what were excited about in terms of driving some improved numbers for this business and getting back to a topline, its flat if not growing. The market for paid consumer security growing at low single digits, the no reason why this business wanted transform all subscription, primarily acquisition of online customers can't get to that level. And as I mentioned previously, were looking at ways to leverage the Norton brand to get into some new areas. Ive talked about Internet of Things as an example. More and more consumer devices in the home exposed to security threats. So we're looking at some ways to drive the business to grow faster that will be separate from kind of the offerings that are available today. So it is that combination of things that gives us confidence that this business should continue to improve not just next year but in the foreseeable future. Then the margin structure, we said that our margin target is 52% to 54%. We've been a little bit better than that. Recently 57% in the first quarter, this quarter 55%. We do expect to operate in that more normalized range and part of the reason were saying that is because we are making some investments in the business, improving the customer experience, investing in that acquisition channel, getting customer, more customers online. And then obviously some investment going to what can we do in new areas to leverage the Norton brand as I mentioned. So that will drive the margin a little bit lower than what we've seen in the last two quarters as we look further out.
Matt Hedberg: Thats great. And then maybe, Thomas, looks like the Americas, I believe was maybe your lower growing yield this region. I think EMEA was a little closer to flat. Can you give us a sense, from a geographic perspective how we should think about performance in the second half of the fiscal year?
Thomas Seifert: Yeah. So, when you talk of the Americas, it is a mixture of regions. I think its fair to say that our U.S. based business did well. Our federal business within that region did very well and EMEA met our expectations. We think moving forward there in the second half that that Europe could pick up a little bit in terms of overall contribution to our results and APJ is probably going to stay where it is. And we are just looking at the pipeline and how the momentum develops to see that the domestic business is continuing with the strengths weve seen in the second quarter.
Mike Brown: In fact, I'll add to that. In the Americans in particular, for Enterprise Security new business activity, we saw the strongest year-over-year growth in the last 10 quarters. So, we wish we saw that consistently across the globe but Americas particularly strong.
Matt Hedberg: Very helpful. Thanks Mike.
Operator: We'll go next to Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss: Thanks for taking the question guys. I wanted to follow-up. There is many several opportunites drill down a little bit more into that consumer side of the equation. And this is -- I guess, this is much of a clarification than anything. So, when you talk about the 600,000 new subscribers to Norton, is that only on the online side of the business? And can you give us a sense of sort of whats the growth rate in the overall base and help us, how to understand the equation between sort of overall units versus ASPs, what's causing the declines in that business today? And how that like, which side of the equation is likely to recover and get you back to flat growth on a go-forward basis.
Mike Brown: Sure, Keith. So, we are going to transition and because the business is ratable, we are talking about customers rolling off, a download model into a subscription model. Thats why we are taking so long for this transition. Thats compounded by the change in how we are acquiring customers, moving from primarily OEM and retail into primarily online. So thats the dynamically that you are looking at. The 600,000 customers that we added were exclusively online acquisitions. So, obviously thats being offset by continued declines in retail and OEM. But of course, as we start to get the millions of customers, as we talked about before, we protect 65 million consumer endpoints out there. So, as we begin to reach the second half year of that migration to the subscription service, the numbers begin to look better. And what we are really excited about is when we get through that complete transition, which we talked about summer of 2016. It would be very interesting to see obviously, what the year-over-year comparisons look like then. But we have to wait a while to get to that point but that point of business should be primarily customers that we required online.
Keith Weiss: Got it.
Mike Brown: And maybe obvious to everyone is the fact that why do we feel that way. Its because retail customers tend to be shopping for the lowest price. They are doing that comparison and OEM customers dont necessarily renew it all. So you pay those fees up front a year later that customer may not renew with you at all. You paid that placement fee, you get no value for that, thats why we are so excited about this transition.
Keith Weiss: Got it. And then one element of the consumer business that you guys havent talked about is the mobile side of the equation. Are you also seeing traction with sort of taking people using that mobile side of equation and is that helping ASPS to certain extent?
Mike Brown: Not helping ASP because we are providing that for free today. I wish we had a way to monetize that, but today were providing mobile protection either for iOS or Android for free. You can download that Norton mobile at those apps stores. There may be a way in the future to monetize that. We don't have an idea for that today. There have been 10s of millions of downloads of Norton mobile. So that -- obviously it helps us with brand recognition of the top quality, consumer protection that we get benefit because we're incorporating that threat telemetry of what those mobile endpoints are seeing in our massive data base our intelligence network. But monetization is something that we'll have to wait for later day there.
Keith Weiss: Got it. And if I could sneak one last one in, on the channel program. You guys talked about the new channel program, you put into place. Weve heard excitement from your channel partners about this new program and maybe sort of refreshed emphasis on the channel. We also recently lost your head of distribution, who people looked at as a real sort of channel champion. And there was some -- in the trader, I had some concern that that might upset momentum in the rollout of this channel program. How do we garner confidence that you guys are going to be able to sort of sustain the momentum, sustain the focus of your channel partners through this leadership transition on distribution?
Mike Brown: So I think you are referring to our head of worldwide sales. He didn't leave -- he was terminated for cause. Now, the good news is, we have a pretty deep bench of folks with experience with the channel. Symantec always have been a channel company. Weve been a channel company for 30 years. So I think those partners who work with us for a long time know that our commitment is unwavering there. And its great that we've now introduced Secure One, our new channel program, which now for the first time can be focused on security partners. I mean to be honest, our channel was the previously more geared towards our Veritas business, some of the larger deals that were stores deals versus security, that give us chance to work with those partners who are focused on security. And now we've got incentives in place a little bit as they get really trained on our products so were certified. There is better economics or incentives for them. So, I think weve got the right focus on getting those folks who specialized in security. And the right incentive so they can make more money by investing with us overtime.
Operator: And ladies gentlemen, that does conclude the Q&A session of today's call. I'd like to turn it back over to our speakers for any comments and closing remarks.
Mike Brown: Thank you for being with us.
Operator: And this does conclude today's conference. Everyone we thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2015-08-11 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Sean Hazlett - Senior Manager, Investor Relations Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Brad Zelnick - Jefferies LLC Philip A. Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) James Wesman - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. James E. Fish - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC Patrick D. Walravens - JMP Securities LLC Jason Velkavrh - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Daniel H. Ives - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Robert Breza - Wunderlich Securities, Inc. Michael Cikos - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Fatima Aslam Boolani - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Please stand by, we're about to begin. Good day and welcome to Symantec's First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Sean Hazlett.
Sean Hazlett - Senior Manager, Investor Relations: Thank you, operator. Good morning and thank you for joining our call to discuss first quarter 2016 earnings results. By now, you should have had the opportunity to review our earnings release and supplemental information. We've also posted a presentation that complements our prepared remarks. If you have not reviewed these documents, they can be found on the Investor Relations' Events webpage. A copy of today's prepared remarks will be available on the website after our call is completed. Speakers on today's call are Mike Brown, Symantec's President and CEO; and Thomas Seifert, Executive Vice President and CFO. This is a live call that will be available for replay via webcast on our website. I'd like to remind everyone that all references to financial metrics are non-GAAP unless otherwise stated. Implied billings refer to revenue plus the change in sequential deferred revenue, and we include a trended history of this metric in our supplemental information. Also, we provide year-over-year constant currency growth rates adjusted for the 14th week of the June 2014 quarter in our prepared remarks, except for statements about net income and EPS. For our fiscal year 2016 guidance, year-over-year growth rates exclude the impact of the extra week in the year ago June 2014 quarter and adjust for foreign currency. I would like to take this opportunity to highlight a few dates for you. Thomas will be presenting at the Citi Conference on September 9. We intend to announce our second quarter earnings on November 5. Please note, non-GAAP financial measures referenced during this call are reconciled to their comparable GAAP financial measures in the press release and supplemental materials posted on our website. Lastly, today's call contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current date, and, as such, involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information. You will also find a detailed discussion about our risk factors in our filings with the SEC and, in particular, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 3, 2015. And now, I'd like to introduce our CEO, Mr. Mike Brown. Go ahead, Mike.
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Sean, and good morning. Today, I'm pleased to announce that Symantec has entered into a definitive agreement to sell the Veritas business to Carlyle for $8 billion in cash. The transaction is expected to close by the end of our third quarter of fiscal 2016. For Symantec, the proceeds of this all-cash transaction will further strengthen our financial foundation, allowing us to return significant cash to shareholders and enhance our portfolio of solutions as the world's largest cyber security company. As you know in October 2014, we announced our decision to separate Symantec into two independent companies by spinning off our Veritas business. Consistent with its fiduciary duties, our board considered other options for our Veritas business and ultimately determined that a sale of Veritas to Carlyle is in the best interest of Symantec's shareholders because it delivers both an attractive and certain value. Given the large cash proceeds that we will receive at closing, we are committed to a disciplined capital allocation strategy, one that is balanced and appropriately aligned with the size and structure of our go-forward business and allows Symantec to both invest in the business and return capital to shareholders. Accordingly, our board of directors authorized both increasing the stock buyback program by an additional $1.5 billion, so that we now have the authorization to buy up to $2.6 billion and maintain our $0.15 quarterly dividend, substantially increasing our dividend payout ratio. In addition, our increased financial flexibility will allow Symantec to pursue organic and inorganic opportunities to accelerate our unified security strategy, which consists of three elements. First, a unified security analytics platform that leverages big data analytics of our vast telemetry to enhance visibility of real-time global threats and power to analytics application; second, using this analytics platform to provide best-in-class consumer and enterprise security software; and third, cybersecurity services that provide a full suite of services from monitoring to incident response to threat intelligence supported by over 500 cyber security experts and nine global security response centers. This strategy is resonating well with our customers. The sale of Veritas marks a significant inflection point for Symantec. Upon closing of the transaction, Symantec will be focused as the world's largest cyber security company in a rapidly growing market. We will have substantial financial flexibility to accelerate our unified security strategy and capitalize on growth opportunities. Our ambition is to reshape the industry by harnessing our unique assets and unrivaled telemetry to lead in security analytics. Now I would like to comment on Q1 results. As a focused cyber security business, we expect to build on our momentum from fiscal year 2015. However, Q1 was disappointing as our revenue was flat in a quarter with significant complexity. First, we managed a major sales force transition, establishing dedicated and separate Veritas and Symantec sales and marketing organizations. With this transition, we formed a new management structure that affected the majority of our sales territories and sales people. Second, we continued our ongoing separation activities, namely separating our IT infrastructure, including testing a new ERP system for Veritas, assigned dedicated personnel within HR, legal, finance and IT to support Veritas, and allocating our real estate worldwide to support two standalone companies. Third, and what we didn't anticipate, was managing a Veritas sale process that involved extensive due diligence with multiple parties. The complexity of managing these three efforts simultaneously resulted in disappointing execution for both Symantec and Veritas, from which we expect to recover in Q2 as our sales force transition and the due diligence associated with the Veritas sale are now behind us. Moving on to Enterprise Security. Our Enterprise Security segment includes our threat protection products, information protection products, trust services and cyber security services. In total, this segment grew 1% in Q1, its first quarter of growth in two years, and we are building stronger momentum with a robust pipeline of new solutions in fiscal 2016. We expect to strongly benefit from this product pipeline in the second half of fiscal 2016 and through improved sales force execution as our global installed base of customers adopts these new solutions. As a result, we continue to see a path to sustained growth in the second half of fiscal 2016 for our Enterprise Security business. Threat protection, which includes our endpoint security, Endpoint Management, mail, web and Data Center Security offerings, declined 1% in Q1. Excluding our Endpoint Management product line which declined this quarter, our threat protection offerings grew 2%, in particular our flagship endpoint security product line continued to show strong momentum, with 6% growth for the second consecutive quarter. In Q1, we released our ATP: Network and ATP: Email modules in limited availability to about two dozen customers in the financial services, telecom, consumer products and healthcare industries. We are working with these customers to ensure our solutions are delivering the highest value. To date, about half of these customers have already moved into production, and we also released a beta version of our ATP: Endpoint module. With these introductions, we have entered the multi-billion dollar advanced threat protection market growing at 40% per year. All three Symantec ATP modules will be available in the second half of fiscal year 2016. They will be highly differentiated from competitive products, because they can detect, correlate and prioritize incidents across the endpoint, email and network threat vectors and leverage the combined intelligence of our unified security platform. In fact, in recent third-party efficacy testing, our ATP solutions outperformed competitive offerings from FireEye and Cisco. Information protection, which includes our DLP, encryption and identity and access management offerings, grew 3% year-over-year in Q1. We launched DLP 14 in late Q1, which extends our on-premise DLP capabilities to cloud applications, such as Box and Office 365. In Q1, cyber security services revenue grew between 2% and 3% as we continued to expand our offerings to meet growing customer needs to manage every phase of the attack lifecycle. During the quarter, we introduced our CyberOne offering and signed our first multi-million dollar deal for the offering. CyberOne combines our intelligence, monitoring and incident response services into a single comprehensive offering. We also won several incident response deals across healthcare, oil and gas, telecommunications, government, media and technology. In particular, 40% of our new customers came from healthcare in the wake of recent breaches in that sector. Additionally in Q1, our cyber security services team also released our ATP Monitoring Service, where our cyber security services organization combines our ATP technology and our Managed Services offering to monitor threats remotely, all powered by our global SOCs. Trust services, which includes our SSL and PKI solutions, is the world's largest SSL certificate authentication provider with greater than 40% market share, protecting the world's e-commerce. Trust services had another solid quarter with 3% growth. In this quarter, trust services added further enhancements to SSL Assistant Plus, cutting the time it takes to secure websites down to minutes for small retailers. Now on to the Consumer Security segment. As the number of devices in the home continues to grow and hackers become increasingly sophisticated, we believe Norton is more relevant than ever for our customers and for Symantec. In just the last few weeks, we've seen new vulnerabilities that expose Mac and Android devices to attack. Norton's core security service offering includes protection for mobile and Mac devices as well as Windows, providing not only device protection, but also capabilities to detect phishing and scams. In addition, our services for managing customer passwords, backing up data and supervising children's activities online continues to be important for our customers. And, of course, the aggregated telemetry from our global footprint of Norton users powers our unified security analytics. In the future, we know that IoT connected devices will also be vulnerable to attack, and we believe Norton can play a greater role in protecting all the devices in the homes of our customers. Our Consumer Security segment performed better than expected in Q1 as we continued to migrate our customers to a cloud-based subscription service. Revenue declined 6% versus a 7% decline in Q4 and operating margin expanded to a record 57% due to continued operational improvements. We're also seeing improvements in key levers of our Norton business, such as online customer acquisition. Direct web acquisition of customers generated over 0.5 million new units of our core Norton Security offering in Q1. More importantly, we believe the lifetime value of each of these customers is 25% higher with the subscription model. Moving to our Information Management segment; we expanded operating margin to 23% from 14% in the prior year and revenue grew by over 3% driven by continued strength in NetBackup and appliances. Veritas continues to drive the transition to integrated backup appliances. According to IDC, Veritas claimed the number one share of the open systems integrated backup appliance submarket for the first time at 47% share in the March 2015 quarter. We are releasing several products this summer which we believe will underpin additional growth for Veritas. First, NetBackup 7.7 provides enhanced data center integration across industry platforms with significantly faster cloud performance than our previous release. Second, InfoScale provides availability and software-defined storage to address enterprise business continuity needs. Third, the Veritas Resiliency Platform ensures critical data remain accessible across complex multi-vendor physical and virtual environments. And fourth, Information Map is the first cloud application built on our Information Fabric Technology to enable customers to gain better visibility into their unstructured data. With its strong and broad product portfolio, Veritas is well-positioned to compete in a growing market. Now, I'll turn it over to Thomas to provide a review of our first quarter financial results and guidance for our second fiscal quarter. Thomas?
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. The $8 billion sale price for Veritas delivers a certain and attractive valuation to Symantec, simplifies the separation process and provides financial flexibility to invest in our future. This is an all-cash transaction which we expect to close by the end of the third quarter of this fiscal year. After certain closing adjustments and the payment of taxes at the rate of approximately 20%, we expect to receive net cash proceeds of $6.3 billion, of which 35% will reside in the U.S. To demonstrate our commitment now and in the future to returning capital to shareholders, our board of directors immediately authorized an increase of the stock buyback program to $2.6 billion. This new authorization enables us to retain flexibility as we finalize our capital allocation strategy in anticipation of the transaction's closing by the end of our third fiscal quarter. We intend to repurchase the first $2 billion over the next 18 months. The board also decided to maintain our $0.15 quarterly dividend, thereby substantially increasing our dividend payout ratio post separation. Together, between dividends and buybacks, we expect to return about 120% of our after-tax domestic cash proceeds from the sale to our shareholders over the next 18 months. Now, let me turn to first quarter financial results. Implied billings declined 7% year-over-year and revenue was flat at $1.5 billion. As Mike noted earlier, the complexity of managing our sales force transition and our ongoing separation effort in parallel with the extensive due diligence process associated with the Veritas sale resulted in disappointing top line execution during the quarter. We continue to expect our Enterprise Security business to grow in the second half of fiscal 2016. The U.S. dollar strengthened against major currencies compared to the year ago period, which created a headwind of $115 million to first quarter revenue and $266 million to deferred revenue on a year-over-year basis; however, currency effects had a $2 billion positive impact on revenue as compared to the guidance we provided on May 14. In addition to foreign currency effects, we estimated the June 2014 period at approximately $113 million of additional revenue from an extra 14th week of activity versus 13 weeks in June 2015 period. Moving now to our business segments; Information Management revenue increased 3% to $587 million. NetBackup software and appliances grew 10% and 19%, respectively. This strength was offset by weakness in our Backup Exec and Information Availability offerings. Non-GAAP operating margin for the IM segment increased by 11.4 percentage points year-over-year to 23%, driven by cost reductions and an increase in revenue. In the Consumer Security segment, revenue declined 6% to $430 million. We delivered non-GAAP operating margin of 57%, up 8.2 percentage points year-over-year and 2 percentage points sequentially. Our operating margin was higher than we anticipated, primarily as a result of continued operational improvements. We continue to expect Norton revenue to decline 5% to 8% for fiscal 2016 and operating margin to return to our guided range of 52% to 54% as we invest in additional marketing initiatives to improve our customer experience and our growing online acquisition rate. Enterprise Security revenue grew 1% year-over-year to $482 million. Endpoint Security posted another solid quarter, growing 6% year-over-year. Continued weakness in our Endpoint Management offering was a significant headwind for the segment. Non-GAAP operating margin for Enterprise Security was 6% as we invested in R&D despite lower than expected revenue. Moving down to the income statement, non-GAAP operating margin for the first quarter was 27.4%, an increase of 480 basis points year-over-year, driven by lower spend as we aligned costs with lower revenue. We will continue to make operational improvements to our business to expand our operating margin as we approach our long-term target of 30%. Non-GAAP net income of $275 million resulted in fully diluted earnings per share of $0.40. Now turning to cash flow and capital allocation; cash flow from operating activities for the June quarter totaled $300 million. We incurred restructuring costs of $22 million and separation costs of $63 million during the June quarter. The costs were higher than expected as we accelerated our separation activities to prepare for our sale of the Veritas business. However, we do not expect total separation costs to increase compared to our prior estimate. Capital expenditure were $78 million. We expect second quarter CapEx to be higher as we work to complete the Veritas separation. During the quarter, we instituted a blackout period associated with the sale of Veritas, which limited us from repurchasing company shares. As a result, we returned $193 million to shareholders during the June quarter via share repurchases and dividends. $103 million was in the form of cash dividends and $90 million was used to repurchase 4 million shares at an average share price of $24.39. The eight revenue and efficiency initiatives we undertook in fiscal year 2015 continue to provide incremental benefits and operating profit in fiscal year 2016. Given the complexity of the first quarter, we are expanding our set of revenue and efficiency initiatives to help improve our top line and better optimize our cost base. Some of these initiatives will include accelerating our license compliance program and optimizing our end-of-life approach to better align with industry standards. Combined with our original fiscal 2015 initiative, we believe this expanded set will drive margin expansion and improve top line performance as they accelerate through the year. Now moving on to guidance; for the September 2015 quarter, we are providing guidance for a combined Symantec that includes Veritas. We expect to move the Information Management business results and balance sheet to discontinued operations, starting in the December quarter and we will adjust our full year guidance during our November earnings call to reflect this change. Our September 2015 quarter guidance assumes an exchange rate of $1.11. We expect revenue to be between $1.485 billion to $1.525 billion, up slightly quarter-over-quarter at the midpoint. We expect operating margin to be between 26% to 28%, resulting in EPS in the range $0.40 to $0.43. In conclusion, I am pleased with all the progress the team has made in making the sale of Veritas business happen and I'm excited about our organic and inorganic growth opportunities as the world's largest cyber security company. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Mike for some final comments.
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Thomas. The sale of Veritas delivers an attractive and certain value for shareholders. Importantly, it also helps us simplify the separation process. This transaction is a major milestone for the company and we couldn't have achieved this without the incredible effort and dedication of our employees, who have been working diligently to ensure a successful separation for a year now. Going forward, our balanced capital return policy will also drive long-term value for our shareholders. As a focused cyber security company, we are poised to extend our lead in the security industry. Our robust product pipeline, new product adoption by our global installed base and improving sales force execution make us confident that we'll grow our Enterprise Security business in the second half of fiscal 2016. I couldn't be more excited about our future. And with that, I'll turn it over to Sean to begin taking your questions.
Sean Hazlett - Senior Manager, Investor Relations: Thanks, Mike. Operator, will you please begin polling for questions?
Operator: Thank you. We'll go first to Brad Zelnick at Jefferies.
Brad Zelnick - Jefferies LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on getting this deal done.
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Brad Zelnick - Jefferies LLC: My first question, Mike, now that we've reached this point, how do you feel about the opportunities to separate the Consumer business from the Enterprise Security business? And I also have a follow-up for Thomas.
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Well, I think as we've talked about before, we see the consumer business as an integral part of what we're building as the world's largest security company. A lot of threats for consumers, I talked about some of them a few minutes ago. What we feel the Norton product is the premium product in the marketplace, and we see opportunity going forward not only to expand what we're doing for consumers from the standpoint of Internet of Things, but also to use that threat telemetry that we gain, we get threat telemetry from some 65 million consumers to help us with what's happening on the enterprise as well. So the basic endpoint technology that we use is shared across consumer and enterprise, and the threat telemetry is also very important. One of the things that we're seeing in today's environment is that many of our Enterprise customers are interested in Norton capabilities to help protect the folks, their customers, who come to their websites and access corporate data. So we think going forward there's probably a lot more opportunity for the Norton business and the Enterprise Security business to be working together.
Brad Zelnick - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. And, Thomas, it seems the year is off to a slower start than at least you'd expected when you last gave us guidance. You, in your prepared remarks, said that you still expect Consumer to be down 5% to down 8% on an adjusted basis. Wondering if the prior guidance for Enterprise Security for the full year to be between 1% and 6% growth still holds. And it sounds like you feel that you can make up for this with increased investments in compliance and some of the approaches that you're taking to end-of-lifeing products. Can you maybe just talk a little bit about how you see Enterprise Security for the year, and some more detail on those two initiatives?
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes. That's a good question. So our Q2 guidance first of all takes into account a lot of puts and takes as part of the separation process. And we are seeing the coming of the completion of this process. We have the due diligence behind us and the separation of the sales force has also happened. We already have visibility that linearity for the second quarter is a lot better than what we saw in Q1. And given the strong product pipeline, we believe that we have good momentum going into the back half of the year. And we are expecting that the Enterprise Security business will continue and will grow in the second half of 2016, getting us to the guidance that we put out. Maybe for the full year, slightly lower than the midpoint, but we fully expect the momentum on the Enterprise Security side to take us to growth in the second half.
Brad Zelnick - Jefferies LLC: Thanks very much.
Operator: We'll move next to Philip Winslow at Credit Suisse.
Philip A. Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. A question to both Thomas and Mike. When the original plan for the tax-free spin was announced, you said that you decided to go down this path because of the tax consequences associated with the sale. When the initial sort of plan was announced today, what changed to make you think that sort of paying that 20% tax bill made sense? Was it something about your core business? Was it the value that you thought you'd receive? Exactly what changed?
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. Let's both tackle this. I think, Phil, primarily it's a value equation. We think this is a great deal for the shareholders. Getting the $8 billion price was a critical factor obviously in the decision to sell versus spin. Other things that this does, as I'm sure you're aware of, is this provides certainty for shareholders as to the value rather than the ongoing execution and market risk associated with a public offering that would be later in time. And from the standpoint of separation, it really simplifies the separation process and de-risks that. There are some synergies, or dis-synergies, I should say, that we avoid by not having to stand up Veritas as a public company. So I think when you put that entire equation together, we feel very good about what this does for shareholders, especially combined with our return of capital to shareholders as we described through maintaining the dividends and the increased authorization that we have to buy up to $2.6 billion worth of stock.
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I can only underline what Mike said. I think that delivers, that transaction delivers excellent value to the shareholders. And it gives certainty on the valuation. And from the separation perspective, it simplifies things and it's less complex. And this means that both businesses can move on following their dedicated strategies.
Philip A. Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great. And then just one follow-up. One of the things you mentioned in the press release was potential use for inorganic growth. What is just your M&A outlook here? And was there anything within this thought process behind the sale versus spin related to the ability to acquire?
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. I would say that our posture towards M&A really remains unchanged, and nothing changes especially as a result of the sale itself. So, as we've talked about before, and covered I think in depth at Financial Analyst Day, there are tremendous opportunities in the security space today. It continues to be fragmented. We feel like we've got a great strategy to pursue, the unified security strategy. I talked about the elements in today's call. So, we're continuing to look at opportunities that tightly align with that strategy. So, we're pretty focused as it relates to potential M&A, as opposed to looking at everything that's happening in security. So, we're looking for opportunities that would accelerate that strategy. So this, obviously this transaction gives us a lot of financial flexibility, but the key for us is making sure that what we do not only is tightly aligned with a strategy, but also make sense financially in terms of providing a return over a reasonable timeframe.
Philip A. Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it. And then just last question. Did I hear correctly the 35% of the cash would be onshore?
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, of the proceeds. Yes.
Philip A. Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Of the proceeds, yes. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And we'll go next to Michael Turits at Raymond James.
James Wesman - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning. It's James Wesman sitting in for Michael. Thomas, can you talk to us a little bit of what the Symantec balance sheet will look like post split. I mean what will the debt profile look like, and do you think you guys would pay down some of the debt post the Veritas sale?
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes. So, you have to understand, we just signed the transaction and as part of our next earnings call, we are going to give guidance on how the balance sheet is going to look like post separation. The historicals are going to change. The balance sheet of the Veritas business is going to move into discontinued operations. And most of the debt is going to remain on the Symantec side. But the details will be forthcoming on our next call.
James Wesman - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Walter Pritchard at Citi.
James E. Fish - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Morning, guys. It's actually Jim on for Walter here. Have you guys considered spinning off some of the other underlying security assets, as well, in order to get the growth profiles that you're looking at?
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well Jim, we've been clearly focused on this transaction, so that's occupied all of our capacity as it would relate to thinking about investing in other businesses. I think as we look across the Enterprise Security portfolio, as I mentioned, we're pretty excited about the fact that we grew that business on a constant currency basis for the first time in two years. So, even though we have some businesses that are not growing within that portfolio and some not growing as fast as the total, we feel like there's an opportunity with the combined strength of the portfolio to continue to get that moving. And as you know, our guidance for the year is revenue growth of 1% to 6%, and we've already hit the low end of that range in the first quarter. And with the very strong product pipeline that we've got in the second half, we feel very comfortable with that guidance for Enterprise Security.
James E. Fish - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, great. And then a little bit growing off of Phil's earlier question; should we expect any M&A opportunities into the network space, and how would that affect any partnerships you have? And actually one last one would be what's the U.S. cash now?
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Well, I'll start with the Network Security and then we'll fill you in on U.S. cash; Thomas will. So as we've talked about before, there are quite a few players that are pretty entrenched in Network Security, and we don't believe that the right move for us next is to offer a product there to compete head-on with the Palo Alto Networks or Cisco. In fact, we very much appreciate the partnerships that we have there that we've talked about that really add to what we are offering with our ATP modules. So it's not an area that we're looking at, that's certainly not tightly aligned with the strategy that we've outlined. And I'd say further, we are seeing a lessening of the importance of the perimeter, which also affects our thinking on Network Security. And what I mean by that is more and more workloads are moving into the cloud, that's the basis for our Information Protection strategy, DLP, Encryption, Identity and Access Management. So we're seeing as more workloads move to the cloud, that doesn't mean there aren't going to be a lot of next-generation firewalls sold, but architectures are changing and we want our strategy to adapt to that.
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Coming back to the cash, so today about 40% of our cash is domestic, $1.6 billion and $2.3 billion are residing outside of the U.S.
James E. Fish - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: We'll go next to Matt Hedberg at RBC Capital Markets.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks for taking my questions, guys, and congrats on the sale here.
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Matt.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC: I'm curious if you can talk about the geographic performance in the quarter, and in particular I think there's been some high level talks about the EU and potentially implementing some sort of baseline breach notifications. I guess what are your thoughts there? Could that be a driver for EMEA growth?
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I think in terms of geographical performance, the disappointment that we saw in terms of top line execution pretty much affected all segments of our business; that's new business, renewals and across the geographies. So that was an indication to us that this really is a short-term execution issue as opposed to something that is going to be problematic in one particular part of the business. As it relates to our geographic performance, I think that we had, frankly, a relatively stronger performance in the APJ region and to a lesser extent, Europe. So we feel like those businesses were performing fine for us. We just need to execute better in Q2 and we believe we will. As it relates to regulatory changes that might occur, yes, those can potentially be a stimulus for the business. But in general we do not favor regulatory changes that create mandatory responses. What's going on in the threat environment is so complex it's pretty difficult to prescribe something that works in every situation. So we would prefer that there'd be flexibility in terms of the regulatory environment so that we can adapt to threats more rapidly and create the right response for customers depending on the situation.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's great, Mike. And then maybe to dovetail that on the U.S. side, I'm curious about the federal vertical there. Speaking of regulatory environment I know there's been a, I think, what's called a 30-day sprint to better cyber security. Sort of what's your comments on increased regulation as a backdrop, I'm curious about the federal vertical and if that could be a catalyst as well?
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I think it could. So separate from regulation, clearly there's a need for the federal government to improve its security posture. And of course the breach we saw with Office of Personnel Management is a perfect example of that. So that's a very important vertical for us. We have quite a few dedicated folks not only working on federal opportunities but also security for state and local governments as well. So, very important vertical. That's been a real highlight for us in FY 2015 and we expect that to be part of the growth that we're seeing in Enterprise Security in the second half.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: We'll move next to Pat Walravens at JMP Group.
Patrick D. Walravens - JMP Securities LLC: Oh, great and congratulations to you guys on the sale. Hey, Mike, can you give us some more details about the early feedback that you're getting on the ATP products?
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure, happy to. Yes, we decided that what made sense for us in terms of launching ATP and as you know Network and Email are out today with our Endpoint product really in beta but coming in the September quarter. We decided what made sense is that kind of a controlled availability that would allow us to work very closely with some key customers upfront and make sure they were getting the value from the product. And that's been a very successful strategy for us. Not only have our customers seen that we have a higher efficacy rate relative to what they have with ATP solutions in place today, meaning we're finding more things than some of the ATP solutions that have been in the market. But a good portion of those customers have now moved from that controlled availability into production. So we expect that when we get the full power of the solution, which will include the Endpoint module, we'll really be capturing a lot more of the threats and helping customers to prioritize those relative to what they have with the technology that they have today. So I think the key advantages, as we've talked about, Pat, are the ability to prioritize incidents rather than just flood security up with lots of alerts, the fact that we're doing a lot of our detection from the cloud. Our payload detonation is cloud-based, and therefore, we do not need to sell customers an expensive appliance for them to have Advanced Threat Protection capability. And then most importantly, the ability to correlate what they're seeing in their own environment with the unified security analytics platform, which gives access to all of that threat telemetry that we see at Symantec. So we think those three advantages are absolutely critical and really resonating with customers.
Patrick D. Walravens - JMP Securities LLC: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: We'll go next to Steve Ashley at Robert W. Baird.
Jason Velkavrh - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hi. This is Jason Velkavrh on for Steve. Thank you for taking my questions. The first question is you mentioned the sales split has been complete. I'm just wondering, qualitatively, what proportion of accounts might have been transitioned to new reps? Or just more generally, is there a ramping period till those, or after the split, till reps reach full productivity and kind of how long that period might take?
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. Well, I think we've clearly experienced that in this first quarter. And as we talked about, it was more disruptive than we probably had predicted. We believe that that really is behind us at this point. So you can imagine the process as someone gets a new territory or slightly new territory. There's new accounts, there's new pipeline for them to manage, and, of course, it's a new management chain for them to get comfortable with as well. It did affect a majority of the sales territories, which is why the disruption was extensive, and you see that in our top line performance. We do not believe Q1 is indicative of what we can do as a company in terms of our top line performance. But that transition is now behind us. It began really beginning of April, April 1. So as folks move into their second quarter, we believe that is behind us. And folks now are managing their own pipeline, the management structure and territories, quotas, all in place now for the second quarter.
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And I think it's important to reiterate that it wasn't really one individual thing that caused the disappointment on the execution side. It was the combination and complexity coming off the three things that we tried to juggle in parallel.
Jason Velkavrh - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks. And then I have one...
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: The separation...
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The separation, the sales force transition and the due diligence process for the sale of Veritas which Thomas was referring to.
Jason Velkavrh - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Perfect. That made sense, excellent. And just one follow-up; on the Consumer Norton business, I was wondering if you can comment on success you've had converting that installed base to subscription, and is there any incremental attrition associated with that transition as you go through that with your customers?
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, the conversion rate is pretty high to subscription, so we're finding that that's around 90%. So obviously there's some fallout, but we're very pleased with the conversion to subscription, and we think that as people move to a subscription, obviously their lifetime value as a customer increases. We're probably about halfway through that transition worldwide. That transition began for us in December of last year for our North American customers. So, obviously we lap that as we get to this December quarter, and that started for our international customers in the last quarter. So we have some ways to go to get everyone on a subscription basis, but you can see that will be coming within the next 12 months.
Jason Velkavrh - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks, guys.
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: We'll move next to Daniel Ives at FBR.
Daniel H. Ives - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Yes, thanks. Could you talk maybe in this next chapter what do you think is the biggest challenge going forward as you really focus more on security in terms of M&A? And then maybe you could also talk about the opportunity here as we look out the next six months to nine months.
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. We're very excited, Daniel, about what we see. Obviously, being a focused security company now, it's really about how do we continue to make progress on the consumer business. We've seen that a lot of the fundamentals are improving. Now having actually gone through the transition of shedding the unprofitable revenue, we're focused now from a consumer standpoint on online acquisition. And also the relationships we have with major telcos. So as we've talked about before, there's an opportunity to partner with major telcos and cable companies. So Comcast, Deutsche Telekom, SoftBank; we talked about, Amrica Mvil in Latin America. So the partnering we're doing there plus what we're changing in terms of the way we're attracting consumers gives us not only a more profitable business going forward, but one that in the future as we expand to Internet of Things and other opportunities there, gives us an opportunity to get that business back to flat if not growing again. And then we combine that with the enterprise space which is already growing as we talked about that business on a constant currency basis growing for the first time in two years, I think speaks to the strength of the products that we have in the portfolio as well as the customer base. So as we look out for the rest of this year, we're very excited about our ATP offerings. We just talked about that with Pat, the fact that we believe we're going to have perhaps the most competitive differentiated ATP offering that puts Symantec into a multi-billion market growing at 40% per year that we've not participated in before and we feel like we've got a great product there. For information protection, our DLP offerings, we're going to continue to make DLP available to protect cloud-based workloads, and our DLP 14 offering really extends DLP capability for cloud workloads. Box, Office 365 we talked about, and we've got plans to expand that further. In addition, a product area that's been weaker for us, endpoint management, is one where we're putting some increased focus as we're going to have a new cloud-based endpoint management product coming later this year, and then unified security analytics platform that underpins this strategy. We're making great progress on that, and some of the applications for that analytics platform are going to be available by the end of the year, which has received tremendous reception from financial services firms. So I'm pretty excited about the portfolio, the progress we're making on the consumer side and the customer reception to the new offerings. So that's what gives us confidence that the second half of fiscal 2016 is going to be some new territory for us as we begin growing this business again.
Daniel H. Ives - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: And just as a follow-up, because I got to ask as I've been asked by a lot of investors. Just given the last decade with Veritas  and look, I speak to lots, it would be nice not to see that word again  how do we have confidence, or investors have confidence that in terms of M&A, that now you guys make the right deals, the right spaces, just given the history as we've seen over the last decade? I mean just maybe you could speak for that in terms of a new mindset and methodology in terms of looking at the right M&A. Thanks.
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. Well I think we would also acknowledge that our history has been a bit mixed, but we've had some great acquisitions as well. I'd just point to our Vontu acquisition that brought us DLP that we've created into a flagship product line for Symantec, being a prime example. I'd say the key difference is we started with a strategy here, so the unified security strategy which we've laid out in some detail gives us a very clear roadmap as to where acquisitions can fit in. So while security is such a broad fragmented space, we are not looking at the entire space. We got a question earlier in the call today about network security as an example, so it's not about what do we do to bolt on things in security, it's about how do we accelerate this unified security strategy that we've talked about. That really gives us a great deal of focus in terms of what we're looking for, and it's very important that as we look at potential acquisitions, we see the opportunity to accelerate that company's progress as part of our strategy and that it makes financial sense. Assets in this space are quite expensive, so we need to be very careful and make sure that whatever we look at can really deliver return for shareholders.
Daniel H. Ives - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: That's a great answer, and thanks.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Robert Breza at Wunderlich Securities.
Robert Breza - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Just quickly, Thomas, as you look out for the next few quarters here before the official separation, obviously there's added costs. You talked about added CapEx that you're having to use for separations. Is there a way to quantify or think as we move more into the next fiscal year as two independent companies, what those added costs are that should, I would assume, go away?
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, for next fiscal year meaning fiscal year 2017, we don't expect any additional costs. If I look at what remains to be done for this fiscal year, we said we are going to expect to stay within the cost guidance we gave on the separation side. We're going to have slightly higher CapEx in the second quarter because we now have certainty on what and how we have to separate the two companies in preparation for executing the sale now. I'm confident now with having visibility that for the remainder of the year, we're going to stay slightly below the guidance we previously gave on the CapEx side, so we are not getting to the $400 million we indicated. And beyond that, the separation is going to be completed by the time we end our next fiscal year, so I don't expect any or a lot of trading costs coming from that, to be honest. And as part of us setting guidance for the remainder of the year, we'll make sure that both cash flow guidance as well as CapEx guidance is going to reflect the new structure that Symantec security is going to have moving forward.
Robert Breza - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Should we expect cost savings though as we move into the following year, following after the separation? Or do you think the costs will probably be pretty much as is after the separation?
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, we always look at opportunities how we can accelerate and improve our margin profile, and that is not going to stop just past the separation. But I think it's also important to realize that moving forward on the Enterprise Security side, we want to grow this business. This is where the primary focus is going to be. We said that on our Analyst Day that second half in 2016 and 2017 will be growth focused, especially for the Enterprise Security business. On the Norton side, we are proud of the Norton team performance and how they have been executing so far already in terms of getting this business and the highly attractive profile from an operating margin perspective.
Robert Breza - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll move next to Mike Cikos at Macquarie.
Michael Cikos - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi, guys. Just regarding the three factors you pointed to for the disappointing revenue this quarter, you had the sales force transition, the separation and then this accelerated due diligence process for Veritas. With respect to the sales force transition, I was hoping you guys could walk us through some of the changes that were made and how the structure of the new sales organization has changed from what it previously was? And then for the separation, can you guys comment on what your end customers, if they've changed at all their buying behavior or spending patterns based on this move that you guys have made?
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Well, Mike, on the sales force transition, it's very complex from a standpoint of the number of territories that were changed, but it's pretty straightforward from the standpoint of what actually happened. So you can imagine a sales force that is, globally, covering both the Veritas business as well as Symantec Security now having to be completely separated into dedicated capability on sales and marketing, so that on April 1 folks are either working on the Veritas side, on that set of products, or on the Symantec Security side. So you can imagine the number of territories that changed and of course the management structure that was involved there. Quotas that needed to be set, pipeline that needed to be transferred, so a lot of transition activity there in this first quarter. Now as we've talked about before, that is behind us now, so we're not making any changes. People now have some experience with their pipeline, their product lines that they need to be covering. We did pretty extensive training with our sales force to make sure that they could run what we call key sales plays in their areas. So if you're on the Symantec Security side you know that you need to be able to sell DLP for cloud-based applications, the ATP modules and so forth. So we think over a longer period of time we're going to have a more productive, focused sales force; but obviously we didn't see the benefits of that in the first quarter. So I think this is a one-time transition. I think the performance that we saw which reflected some weakness across product lines that had been doing very well, geographies that had been doing well, is further indication that it's a short-term bump in the road for us. So as we look to Q2, we believe we'll recover and get back to our plan. And then as we talked about, there's a great opportunity to be able to see much better performance as we combine the  experienced sales force in their new configuration combined with the new offerings that are coming.
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And the deal pipelines for both businesses look strong. So from  you asked for a comment on buying pattern behavior from our customers, we don't see any changes at all, and our customers are more excited working with the two separated entities moving forward.
Michael Cikos - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: And I guess the deal pipeline is what gives you guys confidence in the better linearity you've seen so far in 2Q?
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, and our outlook for the second half.
Michael Cikos - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Fatima Boolani at UBS.
Fatima Aslam Boolani - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. I'm curious if you can comment on your approach to channel partners in your indirect distribution side of the house as a result of the security portfolio increasingly shifting to a more subscription-oriented sale.
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. As we talked about before, we introduced a new channel program last year, and the key elements of that channel program were to focus on those partners who were able to create high value versus high volume. What we mean by that is those who were actually investing in Symantec or Veritas, they were required to get certified in certain product lines so that we had a channel sales force that was focused on what are the key benefits that we're bringing into the marketplace versus just focused on volume and price. And I think that's something that has resonated with the channel partners that we want to continue with going forward. We have gone through a transition now where those partners are getting aligned across the two different businesses, Symantec and Veritas. And I'd say that we have some additional work to do, especially on the security side. If I had to look at the channel programs that we've had, I think they favor the higher value transactions that tended to come with our Veritas portfolio. So we have a little more work to do on the Symantec side in terms of recruiting some additional partners. And in fact, we're intending to fast track about 150 additional partners for the Symantec channel as we continue through the rest of this year. So we're keeping the features of what we did with the new channel program we introduced last year, this focus on high value, the certifications, working with partners who really want to focus on our product line. But as we go forward, there's going to be some change in the configuration of partners on the Symantec Security side to be able to allow us to have the right coverage worldwide with the channel program.
Fatima Aslam Boolani - UBS Securities LLC: And a question for Thomas if I could; Thomas, with respect to the IT in-sourcing project that was underway as of last year, I'm wondering where that process is? If that's entirely moved onshore, if you will, and if there's any color commentary you can provide there?
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: IT in-sourcing, I understood you correctly, right?
Fatima Aslam Boolani - UBS Securities LLC: Yes, that's correct.
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes. So we're still making good progress working along the milestones we have outlined. We are not completely done yet. We'll get this done in conjunction with moving what we call into operational separation of the two businesses beginning of October.
Fatima Aslam Boolani - UBS Securities LLC: And a last one for me, if I may, we've seen a lot of consolidation in the Cloud Access Security Broker market and that's certainly an area that you have products on the roadmap, and I'm wondering if you can comment on some of the trends you're seeing in fees and how customers are perceiving the combination of DLP and CASB offerings? Thank you.
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. Your point to what we see as a bright opportunity for us, because there's no question as more workloads move into the cloud, we need to make sure that that data is protected and we know who's accessing that information. So the combination of what we offer with Identity and Access Management, DLP, Encryption and an area that we've also identified, User Behavioral Analytics, really starts to put a full picture together in terms of whose accessing that information, what are they accessing and why are they accessing that. So this space is one that we believe we have the right assets to compete in, and it's an area that we will continue to invest in for the future. We see this as an emerging area that customers are getting increasingly interested in, and it's because of what we've talked about already, the fact that more and more workloads are moving to the cloud, people are accessing that work from outside a corporate perimeter and using mobile devices to get there. So we believe Symantec has some strong assets to play there.
Operator: And that does conclude today's Q&A session. At this time I'd like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you very much for joining us.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Again, thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-05-14 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Helyn Corcos - Vice President-Investor Relations Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Brad Zelnick - Jefferies LLC Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Keith E. Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Philip A. Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Fatima Aslam Boolani - UBS Securities LLC Pat D. Walravens - JMP Securities LLC Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Aaron Schwartz - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Symantec's Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Helyn Corcos, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Helyn Corcos - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our call to discuss fourth quarter and fiscal year 2015 earnings results. By now you should have had the opportunity to review our earnings release and supplemental information. We've also posted a presentation that complements our prepared remarks. If you have not reviewed these documents, you can find them on the Investor Relations Events page. A copy of today's prepared remarks will be available on the website after our call is completed. Speakers on today's call are Mike Brown, Symantec's President and CEO; and Thomas Seifert, Executive Vice President and CFO. This is a live call that will be available for a replay via webcast on our website. I'd like to remind everyone that all references to financial metrics are non-GAAP, unless otherwise stated. Implied billings refer to revenue plus change in sequential deferred revenue and we include a trended history of this metric in our supplemental information. Also, we provide year-over-year constant currency growth rates in our prepared remarks, except for statements about net income and EPS. For fiscal year 2016, year-over-year growth rates exclude the impact of the extra week in the year-ago June 2014 quarter and adjust for foreign currency. I would like to take this opportunity to highlight a few dates for you. Thomas will be presenting at the JPMorgan Conference on May 19 and Mike will be presenting at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch Conference on June 3. We intend to announce our first quarter earnings on August 6. Please note non-GAAP financial measures referenced during this call are reconciled to their comparable GAAP financial measure in the press release and supplemental materials posted on our website. Lastly, today's call contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions, and expectations, speaks only as of the current date and, as such, involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information. You'll also find a detailed discussion of our risk factors in our filings with the SEC and, in particular, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 28, 2014. And now, I'd like to introduce our CEO, Mr. Mike Brown. Go ahead Mike.
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Helyn, and good afternoon. Fiscal 2015 was a transformative year for Symantec as we improved our profitability and laid the foundation for future growth. We focused on returning to growth and right-sizing our cost structure, achieved our profitability targets, and returned significant cash to shareholders while preparing for the separation. We increased our R&D spending and shifted R&D dollars to focus on growth areas, delivering 41 Enterprise Security products and 17 Veritas products in fiscal 2015. In the March quarter, Symantec achieved revenue growth for the first time in three quarters. Our confidence that this momentum will continue is underscored by leading indicators such as implied billings and deferred revenue. For the full year, implied billings increased 4% and grew in every quarter. In addition, deferred revenue grew 1% for the year and posted two consecutive quarters of growth. Now, let's review some key highlights for each segment starting with Information Management. Exponential data growth continues due to the increased use of mobile, virtualization, and hybrid cloud technology. These trends are creating opportunity for Veritas. At Veritas, we continue to make progress on our plan to accelerate growth and expand operating margin. Veritas returned to growth in fiscal 2015 with revenue up 4% year-over-year and expanding operating margin from Q1 to Q4. We continue to build momentum in this business with four consecutive quarters of accelerating year-over-year revenue growth to 6% in the fourth quarter, up from 5% in the third quarter. Enterprise backup continues to be the largest growth driver for Veritas. NetBackup Appliance grew 46% in fiscal 2015, accelerating to 88% in the fourth quarter. This success was driven by the recent launch of our NetBackup 5330 appliance, which more than doubled the capacity of the prior model, giving us the ability to expand into larger enterprise environments. As an example, in the March quarter, we signed a $6 million appliances deal with a major telco provider based on our backup appliances' ease of use and lower total cost of ownership. While our appliance is the fastest growing in the market, we've only penetrated 10% of our installed base. Our NetBackup software also grew above market, achieving growth of 11% in fiscal 2015. Additionally, we saw strength in our Archiving and eDiscovery products with Enterprise Vault growing 5% and eDiscovery accelerating its growth to 11% in the fourth quarter. We expect our momentum to continue in fiscal 2016, driven by increased R&D investment which is leading to new releases in every one of our foundational enterprise products as well as next-generation solutions, which expand our addressable market and provide new capabilities such as information orchestration, IT resiliency, and information map. Moving to our Consumer Security segment. During fiscal 2015, we expanded our Consumer Security operating margin to 53% by streamlining our operations through business simplification and cost reduction. In fiscal 2016, we expect to maintain our Norton operating margin between 52% and 54%. The Norton organization is also focused on key initiatives to mitigate revenue declines while maintaining our current profitability, which include increasing customer acquisition by refining our marketing messaging and optimizing our pricing for our premium service offering; migrating existing consumers from an annual renewal to our subscription offering; boosting retention by improving the user experience throughout the customer lifecycle, including informing customers where Norton has blocked high profile threats; and lastly, expanding distribution channels through telcos and other service providers. Moving to our Enterprise Security segment. The increasing complexity of threats, the scarcity of cyber security talent, and the need for actionable intelligent security solutions are driving opportunities in our Enterprise Security business. During fiscal 2015, we've returned Endpoint Protection to market growth, continued to take share in Data Loss Prevention, established a strong presence in Incident Response Services, and reallocated investments to growth areas such as Threat Protection, Information Protection, and Cyber Security Services. And to better protect Symantec customers, we operate the largest civilian cyber intelligence threat network in the world, updated at a rate of 200,000 threats per second. This is the foundation for Symantec's Unified Security analytics platform. In fiscal 2015, we experienced a strong resurgence in Endpoint Security, which grew 5% during the full year and accelerated to 6% growth in the fourth quarter, driven by increasing awareness of attacks on the endpoint where most unencrypted data resides. Our Data Loss Prevention, or DLP offering, also experienced above-market growth of 14% in fiscal 2015 and is the undisputed leader in the market with double the share of the next largest competitor. DLP growth accelerated to 33% in the fourth quarter as we expanded DLP into cloud deployments, such as Office 365. Another important part of our Enterprise Security business is Trust Services. We were the world's largest SSL certificate authentication provider with 44% market share. Trust Services had a record year, reporting the highest revenue in its history, growing 4% in fiscal 2015 and driven primarily by our enterprise offering that solves for a comprehensive set of website security challenges. Our Cyber Security Services also showed strong momentum in fiscal 2015. We now have one of the broadest service offerings in the industry, covering the full attack lifecycle from before, during, and after a breach. Our Incident Response Service has engaged over 120 customers since its launch just a year ago. We expanded both the breadth and depth of our services by launching new Incident Response Retainer and Simulation services. The Retainer service, which launched in mid-February, is already off to a strong start, signing up major global brands and government clients in multiple regions in the first few weeks of availability. In the area of Advanced Threat Protection, we have now entered the ATP market, which is growing at 40% per year. Earlier this month, we shipped the first two of our Advanced Threat Protection solutions, the ATP: Network appliance and ATP: Email. By early fall, we will deliver our ATP: Endpoint offering. Our key ATP solution has two key differentiators: one, integration of the Endpoint, Email, and Network control points and our ability to gather, correlate, and analyze data across all three; and two, it leverages the combined intelligence of our Unified Security analytics platform. In conclusion, we're confident that the momentum we've established in fiscal 2015 sets a strong foundation for future growth and improving profitability in fiscal 2016. As we outlined at Financial Analyst Day, we expect Veritas to grow 4% to 7% in fiscal 2016 and significantly expand operating margin to between 27% and 29% by growing our core portfolio and offering differentiated next-generation information availability and insight solutions that address an expanded market opportunity. In Consumer Security, we expect to maintain operating margins of 52% to 54% while executing on our initiatives to mitigate Norton's revenue decline to down 5% to 8% in fiscal 2016. In Enterprise Security, we will leverage our global scale and unique assets to drive differentiated offerings in Threat Protection, Information Protection, Cyber Security Services and Unified Security analytics to accelerate revenue growth to between 1% and 6% in fiscal 2016. Now, I'll turn it over to Thomas to provide a review of our fourth quarter financial results and guidance for our fiscal first quarter. Thomas?
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Mike, and good afternoon. Through increased focus, we are returning to growth, right-sizing the cost structure, and improving our profitability. We also returned more than $900 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. All of this was accomplished in the midst of executing the Veritas separation. Implied billings grew 4% in fiscal year 2015 compared to the 8% decline in fiscal year 2014. Deferred revenue grew 1% to $3.7 billion compared to the 6% decline in fiscal year 2014, giving us confidence in our growth trajectory. We reported non-GAAP operating margin of 27.3% for the year. We are pleased with this progress and the momentum as we enter fiscal year 2016. Now let me provide some details on the fourth quarter financial results. We delivered non-GAAP revenue of $1.55 billion, within our guided range. The U.S. dollar continued to appreciate significantly against major currencies, which created a headwind of $111 million to our fourth quarter revenue and $292 million to deferred revenue on a year-over-year basis. Our implied billings were up 2% year-over-year, now the fourth consecutive quarter of growth, and deferred revenue grew for the second consecutive quarter. License revenue continued its positive trend from last quarter, growing 10% year-over-year driven by appliances and DLP. The number of larger deals greater than $300,000 and larger than $1 million increased 35% and 82%, respectively. We saw particular strength in banking, government, and telecom. Moving now to our business segments, Information Management revenue increased 6% to $619 million. NetBackup Appliances and software generated an impressive double-digit year-over-year growth. Strength in enterprise backup was offset by continued weakness in Backup Exec and Storage Management. Non-GAAP operating margin for the IM segment increased by 120 basis points year-over-year. We drove non-GAAP operating margin for the Consumer Security segment to 55%, up 610 basis points year-over-year and 285 basis points sequentially. We accomplished this through continuing to reduce complexity in the business, streamlining product offerings, and optimizing marketing spend. As expected, non-GAAP revenue declined 7% to $438 million due to the exit of OEM and retail channel arrangements. Enterprise Security revenue was flat year-over-year at $491 million driven by double-digit growth in DLP and growth of 67% in Endpoint Protection. This growth was offset by weakness in Endpoint Management. Non-GAAP operating margin for the Enterprise Security segment was 10% compared to 15% in the year-ago period, driven by the stronger U.S. dollar and increased R&D investments. Non-GAAP gross margin decreased 100 basis points to 82.7%, primarily due to substantial growth in our appliance business. Non-GAAP operating margin for the fourth quarter was 25.6%, negatively affected by a true-up of $11 million to defined benefit plans primarily in our EMEA region and an $8 million impact due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar compared to our guided rate. Excluding these items, operating margin for the quarter would have been within the guided range. We incurred restructuring costs of $61 million and separation costs of $43 million during the March quarter. In fiscal year 2016, we expect to incur restructuring costs between $56 million to $86 million and separation costs between $89 million to $109 million. Non-GAAP net income of $299 million resulted in fully diluted earnings per share of $0.43, down 10% year-over-year. The true-up of the defined benefit plan reduced EPS by roughly a $0.01 per share. Now turning to cash flow and capital allocation. Cash flow from operating activities for the March quarter totaled $488 million, bringing cash flow for the year to $1.3 billion, up 2% from fiscal 2014, driven primarily by the increase in deferred revenue. Capital expenditures were $81 million, up 5% year-over-year as we continue to build out our IT infrastructure. We returned $227 million to shareholders during the March quarter via share repurchases and dividends, $102 million was in the form of cash dividends and $125 million was used to repurchase 4.9 million shares at an average share price of $25.55. We have $1.2 billion remaining under the current stock repurchase authorization as of April 3, 2015. Now I'd like to briefly review our revenue and efficiency initiatives. Overall, these initiatives exceeded fiscal 2015 targets, delivering over $150 million in incremental operational profit. Let me highlight several significant achievements. The renewal team exceeded its targets and improved renewal rates. The license compliance team accelerated its audit activity and beat its full year targets. Our pricing optimization efforts resulted in a significant improvement in price realization and optimizing the Norton business and streamlining product support delivered cost savings and operating margin improvements. These initiatives continue to realize incremental benefits throughout the business and we are now tracking at a run rate of roughly $250 million in incremental operating profit into fiscal 2016. Before I review our guidance, I'd like to briefly discuss the separation of the Veritas and the Security businesses. In April, we completed an important milestone with the separation of the two sales forces. We are on track to separate Veritas as a standalone company on January 2, 2016. Operationally, we'll be two separate companies on October 3, 2015. We expect to file the Form 10 in August, which will provide you with more details on the business and Veritas carve-out financials. Now I would like to reiterate guidance for fiscal 2016, which we previously provided at our Financial Analyst Day. For fiscal 2016, revenue is expected to be between $6.21 billion to $6.35 billion, representing year-over-year growth of 0% to 2% after adjusting for the extra week and foreign currency. Operating margin is expected to be between 29% and 30%, resulting in EPS in the range of $1.80 to $1.90. Our guidance for the year assumes an exchange rate of $1.13. We expect cash flow from operations to grow 12% in fiscal 2016. For the June 2015 quarter, our guidance assumes an exchange rate of $1.10. It's important to note that the year-ago June 2014 quarter included an extra week and the revenue for that extra week was $113 million, which we are excluding from our year-over-year calculations of growth rates. We expect revenue to be between $1.5 billion to $1.54 billion, representing growth of 1% year-over-year at the midpoint. We expect operating margin to be between 27% and 28%, representing expansion of 685 basis points year-over-year at the midpoint and resulting in an EPS in the range of $0.41 to $0.44. Typically, our June revenue is down sequentially 1% to 2% on an as-supported basis. Our June 2015 revenue our guidance reflects normal seasonality. In conclusion, I'm pleased with all the progress the team has made in fiscal 2015 and I'm excited about our growth prospects. And with that, I'll turn it over to Helyn to begin taking your questions.
Helyn Corcos - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you. Operator, will you please begin polling for questions.
Operator: Thank you.
Helyn Corcos - Vice President-Investor Relations: We're ready for our first question, Gwen.
Operator: And we'll take our first question from Brad Zelnick with Jefferies.
Brad Zelnick - Jefferies LLC: Thank you very much. My first question for Thomas, and I've got a follow up as well. Thomas, it actually goes back to the full-year guidance that you reiterated today and you initially give us last month. For operating cash flow, you've guided cash flow to grow 12% year-on-year. But if I look at that relative to your non-GAAP EPS guidance  you've actually guided non-GAAP EPS down a couple of percent. And I think it would even be a bit worse than that if we added the restructuring in which is excluded from your non-GAAP guidance. Can you bridge for us the delta between those two? Thanks.
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, that's a good question. So, cash flow a year-ago was $1.3 billion if you add the 12% that we guide; on top of that, you end up with about $1.5 billion. There are three moving parts you have to keep in mind, of course restructuring costs. But that is actually a benefit for fiscal year 2016. Our restructuring costs in fiscal year 2015 were about $206 million and we forecast the restructuring and separation costs at the midpoint of $150 million, so it's about $50 million to $60 million lighter. We expect on top of that continued operational improvements and an increase in deferred revenue. And that would deliver the delta and explains the $200 million improvement year-over-year.
Brad Zelnick - Jefferies LLC: That's actually very helpful. And my follow up also on the full-year guidance. You've maintained the full year, that hasn't changed since that, but it seems Q1 is a bit below consensus estimates at least, and I think you touched on this in your prepared remarks. But can you just help us to appreciate the factors unique to Q1 this year and how they impact seasonality?
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes. Good question. So, on the revenue side, there are a couple of moving parts. We try to be transparent at Analyst Day on how those come together. But the comparison revenue for the first quarter a year ago is about $1.735 billion. There's an extra week included in that number of about $113 million and that revenue was delivered at an exchange rate of $1.37 so that is another $117 million impact that you would have to correct for. And that would make the comparable revenue number about $1.505 billion. So we guided revenue for this quarter, for the  in the range of $1.5 to billion $1.54 billion. So, at the midpoint of $1.52 billion, that would be a year-over-year growth of 1%. So the math is a little bit tricky, but I think it shows that the momentum that we have been talking about is continuing. Unfortunately, there's some headwinds in difficult compares, but the trajectory is in the right direction.
Brad Zelnick - Jefferies LLC: Very helpful. Thanks again.
Operator: And we'll go next to Michael Turits with Raymond James.
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, guys. A fundamental question  thanks for all that clarity on both cash flow and FX, really helpful. The increase  the acceleration in endpoint, can you drill down a little bit on where that's come from? I mean, generally we again obviously think of this as a mature market. What's taking place there that's accelerating? And are you not seeing any of the former headwinds moves to three types of enterprise offerings?
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'm not sure about the last part of your question. I mean nothing moves to...
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Three types of enterprise offerings. In other words, I mean specifically...
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Oh.
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: (24:58) embedded.
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, I guess we're not seeing impact there. I would say that  and there's been some things that have been written about, there's a resurgence of interest in the endpoint because, of course, that's where a lot of attacks get through; that's where a lot of the unencrypted data is, for example. So I think we're seeing increased awareness that that's a very important part of the whole Enterprise Security infrastructure that needs to be protected. But I would also say that we're significantly seeing increase in the DLP business because more and more workloads are moving to the cloud. So I think both of those trends are key for us: increased interest in the endpoint, which is allowing us to accelerate the growth of our SEP product as we talked about, that accelerated its growth in Q4 up to 6% year-over-year; and then DLP which through the growth of workloads in the cloud is actually accelerated 33% year-over-year in the quarter.
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then just for Thomas. On that first quarter, the currency impact, just as we back into it, it looks particularly strong relative to the decline in the euro that you're using in your international exposure. It looks like a stronger impact on a relative basis than what we saw this quarter. Is there anything in terms of the mix that would cause that?
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No, except how the product mix and the regional mix is working out. At this point, there are no special or extraordinary influences on how the numbers came together.
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: We'll go next to Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Thanks. Thomas, I'm wondering if you could talk about  you mentioned the $250 million of incremental operating margin that sort of the run  sounded like that was a run rate that you'll realize in 2016. I'm wondering if you could just help us understand how much of that is a delta versus what you realized in 2015? Just clarify that comment, just trying to figure out what to do with that number.
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, so if you look at the margin for the whole year, we accelerate from 27.3% in fiscal year 2015 to a range of 29% to 30%. So if you look at the percentage increase is, I would say about half of that improvement really in margin structure is  actually it's a little bit more than half of it is driven by cost structure improvement and the efficiency momentum that we take with us.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. And in that  and that is  the $250 million is that piece?
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then just a product question, I guess kind of a revenue product question. It sounds like backup, archiving, backup appliances all doing very well. Those are the  I guess as we see in your business, those are the biggest parts of the Veritas business. Can you talk about where you're still seeing a drag in that business? And have any of those drags become more significant to offset some of that accelerated momentum in the backup and archiving area?
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, Walter, I think Backup Exec is the drag on the business at this point. And as we've talked about  now, I should add, we introduced a new version of Backup Exec, Backup Exec 15. So we expect that will help moderate those declines. But overall, we expect more of our resources, or more of our resources have already been deployed to enterprise backup, because we feel that's where our real strength is. So I think the Backup Exec 15 will help us there in that market. But again, our focus is going to continue to be on the enterprise for Veritas.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): And that 11% growth is NetBackup? Not total backup?
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's correct.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I would just  I would also take a minute to add as we talked about, we are seeing strength in areas outside backup, too. So Enterprise Vault, our Archiving product, eDiscovery are also up pretty significantly. So we're seeing through some improvement in our sales execution and renewal rates. We're seeing the strength be broader than just backup.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith E. Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks a lot. Thank you for taking my questions, guys. Maybe to start with a follow-on to what Walter was asking. It seems like in the Enterprise Security business, you guys  there's some definitely key areas of strength, the endpoint business, which I believe is probably the largest part of the business is seeing growth, DLP's seeing strong growth. And we're hearing about some of the  seeing sort of drags on growth that we've heard for a while with Endpoint Management. It seemed like a similar dynamic going on in Information Management, where NetBackup's been doing well for a while, Backup Exec appears to be a drag. Are we starting to get to a point with either of those where it's just  just from a mix shift, just the base of those drags are getting smaller than the Endpoint Management business is getting to a point where it's small enough that it's just not going to exert as much of a negative influence on the overall segment on a go-forward basis?
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, Keith, I think that's true. And we expect to see growth from more of our product line, a broader set of product families going forward. So as it relates to Endpoint Management, we're envisioning some capabilities as we continue to think about how do we refresh that product line. Endpoint Management will be able to provide mobile capability going forward. We're going be delivering that capability from the cloud. So we're not just leaving Endpoint Management to decline. We're going be investing in that area because we see some opportunity. To your question, we see not only strength in endpoint and DLP going forward but also ATP, our Advanced Threat Protection. Of course, we just introduced the first two parts of that three-pronged solution in this quarter, in the current quarter that we're in. And in fact, it was early May. But now we're going to add the third in the first half, which is endpoint that we think that's going to give us the strongest capability for Advanced Threat Protection that exists in the marketplace. I can be happy to talk about why we feel that way. Our Trust Services business now is bigger and continues to grow. And our Cyber Security Services, we're seeing business activity there that is quite strong that we feel confident will lead to revenue growth in FY 2016. So not only will the loss from Endpoint Management be smaller, as you point out, but strength from a broader cross-section of products FY 2016. One of the things we're enthused about too, if I can just add, Keith, is, of course, the dedicated sales focus. So this will be the first time  it just started this quarter where you've got dedicated sales forces, one for Security, one for Veritas. And on the Security side, we have 40% more quota-carrying reps in our sales force for Security. So I think that's going to help us frankly on both Veritas and Symantec sides.
Keith E. Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And a follow up on that point. In terms of the APT solution, and I know it's pretty new to the market, but can you help us get a sense of what type of uplift you could see from the customer as they move from just what has been your traditional endpoint solution to start to adopt these endpoint technologies on top of that?
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: While, we think it could be pretty significant, what we don't know is how quickly we can realize that. Obviously, our installed base is key there. As you know, we have an installed base of over 100 million enterprise endpoints. So the combination of the Network, Email, and Endpoint product and the ability to look across those control points to prioritize the incidents which is the number one complaint we hear from security operations professionals is you're overwhelming us with alerts, we need some clarity about what is the most important things to focus on. So our solution is really going to give those professionals that capability. In addition, of course, we're going to be able to correlate what are we seeing with the threat intelligence base that Symantec has access to, that's clearly a strength where we will outshine the competitors. And added to that, we don't require you to install an expensive appliance, which, as you know, can be up to $0.5 million per appliance. So we're delivering the solution with virtual appliances from the cloud. So very cost effective. We believe the efficacy rate of what we're going be able to block is more significant and the productivity for the security analysts who are watching this information is going to be much higher.
Keith E. Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. If I can maybe sneak in one last one for Thomas perhaps. It looks like  I think it was another 670 heads (33:55) this quarter. Where are we in terms of sort of getting to a baseline? Are there more cuts to come on a going-forward basis or is this the majority of the reductions that we should be expecting and from here it's going to be more sort of this is the baseline Symantec, Veritas, and we'll be growing from here?
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Very fair question. We're not completely done yet. There will be some more work that needs to follow as part of the separation and setting up the right structures. So we will see some continued work in that direction. We also have been rather clear that that something that happens outside especially of the product group. So, on the R&D side, it's rather the opposite phenomenon, especially on the security side we're going to increase spend for development.
Keith E. Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Excellent. Very helpful, guys. Thank you.
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You could say that we're probably halfway to two-thirds through what we announced as a roughly 10% cut back in November.
Keith E. Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Excellent.
Operator: We'll go next to Philip Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Philip A. Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi, guys. Thanks guys for taking my question. Just wanted to double-click on the go-to-market here. Thomas and Mike, you both talked about improvements that you've seen on the renewals team and then the auditing side and also the split of the two sales forces. Just wondering if you could give us sort of an update on sort of  from your opinion, sort of where we stand of the go-to-market strategy, sort of the stability in it, any more changes coming in this fiscal year or is sort of everybody in that lane know what they do and what do you think that means to productivity?
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, so I feel like we pretty much have made the changes that we need to make there. We were very clear to apply the learnings from several years ago. A good example of that is there was no fifth quarter to drain the pipeline that happened before we made that dramatic change in sales force, September 2013 if I remember the date right. So that was not the way we approached that this time. And, of course, you could argue that was a much more disruptive change in general because you're splitting new versus renewal so the skill set you could say that was required and whether we got that right could be questioned. So not that type of change. Some of the focus by business line had partially begun especially in the more mature markets, but now that's completed. We began the planning for this about six months ago. We named the sales leadership at the top level right around September, even though we were not able to publicly announce the separation at that time. We knew that announcement would be coming. And now we've had worldwide sales conferences for both Veritas and Symantec, which I think were very successful, where we not only got those folks together, everybody knows which lane they're playing in to use your language and what their quota is and territory, et cetera, their management, but also we're trained for very focused sales plays. If you look at the evolution of the product line from two years ago to today, it's much more streamlined in terms of where our focus is by product area, and we want to make sure that our sales force is capable of running the sales plays in these focused areas. And then the point that we just made a minute ago, we've increased the quota-carrying reps 20% on the Veritas side, 40% on the Symantec side. So many more quota-carrying reps, while we've actually reduced the overall sales head count. So we have a much more focused sales force not only in terms of product line but folks with a quota that they need to meet. I think we have made the key changes that we need to make. What we'll need to do from here is more of a fine-tuning nature.
Philip A. Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: We'll go next to Brent Thill with UBS.
Fatima Aslam Boolani - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. This is Fatima Boolani on behalf of Brent. I was just wondering if you could spend a little bit of time talking about the 800 point delta sequential decline in Information Management segments. I know you touched on kind of the appliance shipment volumes being very strong but I'm just trying to better reconcile that.
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, so you mean the margin development for Veritas. I think we have been trying to be clear on this topic. It was driven, of course, by currency headwinds to a certain extent but also by the huge growth we have seen in the appliance segment. Mike talked about the year-over-year compare. So this has diluted the margins to a certain extent. And if we look now forward, we are quite confident that we can recover that for a variety of reasons. First of all, we will see margin improvement on the Veritas side just based on the higher revenue. We also see that the cost and deficiency momentum that Veritas is carrying is going to deliver significant improvement year-over-year. And the margin dilution effect of the appliances is becoming smaller with the shipment of the new products addressing a higher end market. And having, to be very honest, by itself significantly higher margin compared to the current version of appliances that we ship.
Fatima Aslam Boolani - UBS Securities LLC: And then maybe just along those lines we take a step back and take a look at the short- to medium-term gross margin profile. So as you expect a higher end SKUs to add to the mix but considering the focus and reinvestment on the cyber security and incident response side, I'm wondering if you can comment on what the gross margin trajectory would look like for the short- and medium-term.
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, I mean, just to remind, we finished the year with an operating margin of around 19% on the Veritas side, 53% for the Consumer business, and around 14% for Enterprise Security. Was your question about operating margin or gross margin?
Fatima Aslam Boolani - UBS Securities LLC: On gross margins.
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, let me comment on the operating margin first and then go back. So if you look at the Veritas business, that is going to expand, that is where we see a lot of improvement in fiscal year 2016. We're going to get that into a range of 27% to 29%. The Consumer business is going to stabilize around that number. And we rather outspoken that the margin for the ES business is going to come down slightly because of a higher R&D expenditure. So if you would translate that, especially on the Veritas side, into gross margin, we think the gross margin is going to improve with hopefully easier currency compares and a less dilutive effect of the new appliance margin, appliance product shipping into a larger market and a higher price market segment.
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So the 5330, which we just began shipping, in fact, this most recent quarter we reported, it really reflects only about one month of shipment of the new 5330. So that has a higher margin, gross margin, than the appliances we had shipped previously. And as we look through the year, we will have another doubling of that capacity for the 5330 coming later in the year. So there's a lot of opportunity to improve the margins in our appliances business with the greater shift in mix to the 5330 and moving up to the higher capacity later this year.
Fatima Aslam Boolani - UBS Securities LLC: And the last one from me, if I could. The content subscription line declined much less, and it's sort of turning the corner, it seems like, at a minus 1% year-on-year on a constant currency basis. I'm wondering if there was any particular areas within the three buckets, so content, subscription, maintenance that were particularly helpful there, and sort of when we can kind of start seeing growth in that revenue line? And that's it for me. Thank you.
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I would say nothing particular other than a general strength and improvement in our renewals activity and in our renewals business.
Operator: We'll go next to Pat Walravens with JMP Securities.
Pat D. Walravens - JMP Securities LLC: Great. Thank you. I was hoping we could drill down a little bit more on some of the changes that you plan for Consumer Security? I heard you mention optimizing pricing, and I thought I heard about the new distribution channels. So would love some details there.
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Pat, we really couldn't hear the question. Would you mind repeating it? You're cutting in and out.
Pat D. Walravens - JMP Securities LLC: Could you explain in more detail some of the changes you plan for Consumer Security around optimizing prices and new distribution channels?
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Oh, sure. Okay, great. Yeah, so one of the things that we're doing as we've streamlined the product line to one single subscription offering is now thinking about some merchandising or different segmentation of that. So it's still the same basic product, which means we get a lot of cost efficiency there, but having a premium capability allows us to offer more for the customers who want more. So the premium offering has MSRP of $89.99. That allows you to protect up to 10 devices, includes parental controls and online backup. So that's a lot more capability than what you get with the basic Norton Security. All of the offerings will have the same level of enterprise-grade security provided to the consumer. So that's what we're doing on the premium offering. In addition to that, obviously we're focused on the Norton business and improving our online customer acquisition. So there's a lot of A/B testing going on there, looking at keywords and other things to make sure that we're making the most of acquiring online customers. We talked about the migration to the subscription service. That's something that started in the  in North America with the December quarter. We just announced the subscription and started launching that basically in the month of September. So that just started. So everyone in North America will be on a subscription service as we lap that by four quarters. We're just now launching that internationally. So that's happening now in the April to June period internationally and, of course, that will take us another year to get everyone on a subscription service internationally. In addition, the distribution partnerships, we have partnerships today with Comcast, Deutsche Telekom, and SoftBank in Japan, so covering some of the major regions. We're looking at whether we can expand distribution through additional partnerships. And, in fact, one that we just added is a company, Amrica Mvil, one of the largest carriers in Latin America. They have several hundred million customers in Latin America, which we would have not been able to access before through a partnership like this. So we're pretty excited about what these partnerships can bring to the Norton business going forward. So a lot's happening in Norton besides just the focus on margin.
Pat D. Walravens - JMP Securities LLC: Yeah, great. Thank you. That's very helpful.
Operator: We'll go next to Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Terrific. I was going to ask about your channel program, and maybe we could just get an update on how things are going there and registration activity and just an update?
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I'd say that's really following the progress of the separation. So the channel  we found very few channel partners that really were crossing both Enterprise Security as well as our Veritas business. So the focus that we've achieved there, I think, has gotten a number of partners excited. Many of them attended our sales conferences that we just had. We just saw some interesting data from the channel saying Symantec continues to be the most recognized brand in terms of protecting customers for cyber threats, which we saw was an interesting bit of data. It gives us encouragement that, as we go forward, the channel still a very important part of our business and still very much believing that Symantec is the best supplier for them. As we talked about in previous calls, we have a new channel program, which is very much in place giving the channel better economics for getting certified in key product lines. So as that has occurred, their opportunity to get better economics from us as they focus on our products and learn more about them works both ways. We expect that to be able to help us build our volume as well as provide better economics for them as they get certified. So I'd say, overall, we feel very good about where our channel program is and the enthusiasm we're seeing from the channel.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. That's it for me. Thanks.
Helyn Corcos - Vice President-Investor Relations: So, operator, we're ready for our last question.
Operator: We'll take our last question from Aaron Schwartz with Macquarie.
Aaron Schwartz - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for squeezing me in. A question on the large transaction; you saw very good growth there. And if we just try to look at the constant currency revenue growth within Enterprise, it seemed that there was an offset on  from between the two. I don't know if you can provide any color on just the billings in your Enterprise business maybe to better reconcile what's going on with the large deal flow.
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, so, of course, we have a couple of moving parts. I think the momentum we saw on larger and big deals is just a recognition of what is happening in the market space from a threat perspective. It was very targeted around the verticals that you would think are under attack, financial sectors, the government, and healthcare. And it was compensated in part by product mix effect from businesses that we have covered  or Mike has covered previously and that tracked a bit on the overall Enterprise Security business momentum.
Aaron Schwartz - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Is there any way, I don't know if you can, but  because it seems like from the growth in the large deals, we would have expected maybe stronger billings on just the Enterprise business, excluding the Consumer. I don't know if you can quantify where the Enterprise billings were versus the overall 2% billings growth or not, just to try to better understand those moving pieces?
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I don't really want to get into commenting on billings on a segment level at this point in time. We had a lot of moving parts. I think that is fair to say. And as I said before, the momentum we saw on the large deals was compensated by other product mix movements.
Aaron Schwartz - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay.
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: But I think you could say that some of the big deal momentum we saw was also driven by our appliances business. So I'd say without providing the detail by segment that Thomas talked about you'd see the momentum both  across the Enterprise business, so both Veritas and Symantec.
Aaron Schwartz - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay, fair enough. And a quick second, if I could. Thomas, on the Enterprise Security subscription services that you announced there's been a number of new launches here. Are those billed monthly or annually? Or how should we think about those coming out of the balance sheet? Thank you.
Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Very good question. Most of them are billed annually.
Aaron Schwartz - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay, terrific. Thank you very much.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Michael A. Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you very much for joining us this afternoon.
Operator: Thanks, everyone. That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-02-05 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Helyn Corcos - Vice President of Investors Relations Michael A. Brown - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital, Research Division Brad Alan Zelnick - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Matthew Niknam - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Nikolay Beliov - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Patrick D. Walravens - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Aaron Schwartz - Macquarie Research Matthew Swanson - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Symantec's Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Helyn Corcos, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Helyn Corcos: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our call to discuss third quarter 2015 earnings results. By now, you should have had the opportunity to review our earnings release and supplemental information. We've also posted a presentation that complements our prepared remarks. If you have not reviewed these documents, they can be found on the Investor Relations homepage. A copy of today's prepared remarks will be available on the website after our call is completed. Participants on today's call are Mike Brown, Symantec's President and CEO; and Thomas Seifert, Executive Vice President and CFO. This is a live call and will be available for replay via webcast on our website. I'd like to remind everyone that we provide year-over-year constant currency growth rates in our prepared remarks except for statements about net income and EPS. All references to financial metrics are non-GAAP unless otherwise stated. Also, implied billings refer to revenue plus the change in sequential deferred revenue, and we've provided a trended history of this metric in our supplemental information in both as-reported and at constant currency rates. I'd like to take this opportunity to highlight a few dates for you. Mike will be presenting at the Goldman Sachs Technology Conference on February 11, and we will be holding our Financial Analyst Day in New York on April 17. We intend to announce our fourth quarter earnings on May 14. Please note non-GAAP financial measures referenced during the call are reconciled to their comparable GAAP financial measure in the press release and supplemental materials posted on our website. Today's call contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current date, and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information. You will also find a detailed discussion about our risk factors in our filings with the SEC and in particular in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 28, 2014. And now I'd like to introduce our CEO, Mr. Mike Brown. Go ahead, Mike.
Michael A. Brown: Thank you, Helyn. Separating our security and Information Management businesses has already began to improve both our strategic focus and operational discipline. Our employees, partners and customers are energized about our future and our momentum is accelerating. We continue to execute on our 5 key priorities, especially in managing our businesses as a portfolio, which resulted in operating margin and EPS that exceeded guidance this quarter; achieving our operating margin target of 30%; implied billings growth of 3% year-over-year on a constant currency basis, marking our third consecutive quarter of implied billings growth; and year-over-year deferred revenue growth for the first time in 6 quarters. Now I'd like to discuss the progress we've made in more detail in each of our 3 segments, starting with our Veritas business. Revenue growth in our Information Management segment accelerated to 5% year-over-year from 3% in the September quarter, driven by double-digit revenue growth in NetBackup software, NetBackup Appliances and Enterprise Vault.cloud. Last week, we unveiled the new name of our standalone information management company, Veritas Technologies Corporation. Veritas remains a powerful brand that still has tremendous equity with our customers, partners and employees. The need for Information Management solutions continues to accelerate with growth in unstructured data projected to increase at 42% per year. This trend is underpinning the growth we are seeing in this business. We continue to outpace the market, with 15% year-over-year revenue growth in NetBackup software. Our NetBackup Appliances grew 22% year-over-year, driven by the October launch of our NetBackup 5330 appliance, which delivers twice the performance and capacity of prior models, making the management of information even simpler and less expensive. Similarly, in archiving, we had key releases that enabled our customers to access their archived content anywhere, including on mobile devices and to archive nearly any type of content. We are gaining share in all of these markets. Veritas will continue to aggressively enhance its industry-leading backup and recovery, storage management, clustering, disaster recovery, archiving and eDiscovery core solutions with releases planned across all key products over the upcoming year. Those solutions will also create a foundation for new information availability and insight technologies that would help customers unlock the value of their data to help drive business productivity and profitability. By extending current product capabilities, leveraging IP and developing differentiated architectures, Veritas will bring next-generation solutions to market designed for the hybrid cloud throughout the upcoming year. Two examples of these solutions include the Information Map and the IT Resiliency Platform [ph] . First, the Information Map is a cloud-based service that provides a global view of all the information across an organization in a simple and rapidly deployed solution. The Information Map is the first application that will leverage our information fabric technology and the catalog from NetBackup, the most commonly installed backup platform in the world. Second, the IT Resiliency Platform [ph], due out this summer is a new business continuity software solution providing one-click application recovery automation for complex enterprise hybrid clouds. Late last year, we announced the joint partnership to also deliver this capability as the complete service offering with HP services and the HP Helion OpenStack cloud platform. Both form factors reduce business risk and expense by bringing simplicity to complex enterprise operations. We shared our security strategy when we announced the separation of our businesses on October 9. The 3 pillars of our unified security strategy are first, provide a unified security global analytics platform that leverages the intelligence of our enterprise and consumer offerings, augmented by third-party data, to provide secure outcomes to customers better than anyone else. Second, simplify our Enterprise Security Product portfolio by delivering newly developed integrated advanced threat protection and information protection. We've already simplified our Norton offerings to a single product. And third, grow our cyber-security service capabilities. We continue to make progress in realizing our strategy, particularly in leveraging our telemetry to deliver better threat protection for customers. Now let me discuss some of the progress we've made in our Consumer and Enterprise Security segments. As the largest provider of security for consumers, we continue to protect customers against increasingly sophisticated threats. As an example, we recently uncovered a 0 day vulnerability which affects several versions of Adobe Flash Player. Consumers with the latest Norton Security updates were protected against this threat. Our previous efforts to simplify our Norton product portfolio and exit unprofitable OEM products resulted in 1,055 basis points of year-over-year operating margin expansion. As we noted in our last earnings call, more transparency in automatic renewals in Norton, along with our decision to exit certain unprofitable OEM and retail channel arrangements, results in negative year-over-year revenue comparisons in the Norton business over the next several quarters. Norton revenue was down 7% year-over-year to $461 million. However, the net impact of eliminating unprofitable revenue and lower operating expenses more than offset lower revenue, resulting in 15% year-over-year growth in operating income. We believe we can mitigate the revenue declines in Norton by improving online customer acquisitions, enhancing the customer experience, transitioning Norton customers to a subscription service and by providing a virus-removal guarantee to customers who opt in to auto renewal. Since Norton revenue is ratable, we expect the next 4 quarters of year-over-year declines to be at the magnitude we are seeing today. However, the rate of decline should start to moderate as revenue compares ease after that. Throughout this period, we expect to maintain operating margins above 50%. Moving to our Enterprise Security segment. Today, most advanced threats exploit endpoints to steal financial data and intellectual property. With our market-leading position at the enterprise endpoint, we are well positioned to help customers counter these trends. Symantec Endpoint Protection or SEP's revenue growth of 5% year-over-year underscores our continued leadership in endpoint security, the largest segment of the security market. In a moment, I will discuss how we will further extend our endpoint leadership through our upcoming advanced threat protection offerings. Unified Security is our name for Symantec's strategy to collect massive amounts of security-relevant telemetry from the global footprint of our products, researchers and third parties in our Global Intelligence Network. To accelerate our efforts in harnessing this telemetry and building the next-generation analytics platform, we've hired 65 engineers and data scientists from Narus, a Boeing subsidiary recognized as a leader in cybersecurity, Big Data analytics as well as acquire certain technology rights. Symantec will leverage Narus's talent and expertise in data science, Big Data analytics and machine learning to deliver on our Unified Security strategy. Coupled with our efforts to enhance our analytics capability, we have organically developed a highly innovative Advanced Threat Protection, or ATP solution, which consists of 3 modules. These modules cover the critical control points of network, email and endpoint. Our ATP network solution can scan or block malicious traffic using all of Symantec's industry-leading technologies and our new Cynic virtual execution sandbox capabilities. ATP network will correlate suspicious traffic with endpoint and email activity monitored by other Symantec products. With this product we will provide a differentiated capability in prioritizing incidents for security professionals to help them cope with the increasing number of false positives that occur with competitors' products. For example, when malware is detected on the network, a security professional will be able to see that SEP or Email Security.cloud has successfully blocked it, eliminating the need for further remediation. ATP Network will ship in the June quarter. ATP Email extends our Email Security.cloud offering by providing additional visibility into targeted attacks delivered via email, a common attack vector for advance threats. ATP Email will also ship in June quarter. ATP Endpoint will collect endpoint activity data from our SEP agents and apply machine learning algorithms for detection and prioritization of suspicious files and behaviors. ATP Endpoint compares customer-specific data with our Insight reputation global data and can submit files to Cynic to reduce false-positive and increase the confidence of detection. The security professional can then direct SEP to blacklist and eradicate these threats. ATP Endpoint will ship in the September quarter. Importantly, ATP Endpoint is not a SEP replacement but a complementary add-on product that makes customers' investment in over 100 million Symantec endpoints more valuable. With these ATP products, Symantec will be well positioned to address not only better protection but also detection and response. Customers will be able to purchase any of our 3 ATP components together or may leverage investments they've already made in third-party's network solutions by purchasing any of our ATP offerings separately. Now I'd like to touch on our information protection product family, where we're bringing 2 new cloud solutions to market. A comprehensive security solution not only keeps threats out of an organization, but it also keeps critical proprietary information in. Symantec's information protection products, including our flagship DLP offering, are the industry leaders with nearly twice the market share of our closest competitor. Our information protection solution will enhance advanced persistent threat detection intelligence by providing additional telemetry regarding location, access and movement of confidential information. This telemetry can then be profiled and correlated with our other products to better detect advanced threat activity. For example, in the case of a large network breach, since DLP knows which user machines actually store the most confidential information, security professionals can start at the source of greatest risk. We are well positioned to leverage our DLP market leadership to protect enterprise data stored in the cloud and on mobile devices. In the December quarter, we launched 2 new DLP cloud solutions: DLP for cloud email for Microsoft Office 365 Exchange and DLP for Amazon Web Services. Finally, I'd like to discuss our cybersecurity services which address a $10 billion market opportunity by 2018, growing at a 30% compound annual growth rate. We are the only company in the world with the breadth of cybersecurity services that includes our market-leading security monitoring services, incident response services, managed adversary threat intelligence services and security simulation services. In the December quarter, we launched our managed adversary and threat intelligence annual subscription service, which provides clients with advanced warning and intelligence on key threat actors and their emerging tactics, techniques and procedures. This quarter we are launching the cybersecurity simulation service, and we have already secured a large European government as a customer. This week, we launched our Incident Response retainer service in North America and the U.K. This service allows customers to take a more proactive approach by identifying gaps in their existing incident response programs and deploying defense capabilities in advance of a security incident to reduce the time to identification and eradication of the threat. As the world's largest security company monitoring 4.3 trillion global threats in real time, with more than 500 full time researchers, we continue to uncover new threats every day. We were the first to publish on Regin, identifying the advanced spying tool that displays a degree of technical competence rarely seen, exhibiting traits reminiscent of other sophisticated malware families like Stuxnet. We will continue to move quickly in making the changes required to ensure Symantec has a more successful future, and in doing so, we will stay focused on executing to deliver for customers, employees and shareholders. We look forward to outlining our business model targets for Veritas, Consumer Security and Enterprise security in more detail at our Financial Analyst Day on April 17. Now I'll turn it over to Thomas to provide a review of our financial results and guidance.
Thomas J. Seifert: Thank you, Mike, and good afternoon. Both Symantec's operating margin and earnings per share exceeded guidance which drove operating margin above our 30% target. And at guided rates, we delivered revenue within our guidance range. The U.S. dollar continued to appreciate significantly against major currencies during the December quarter, creating a headwind of $60 million to our revenue and $183 million to deferred revenue on a year-over-year basis. Our implied billings were up 3% year-over-year, marking our third consecutive quarter of growth. The number of large deals greater than $300,000 grew 21%, with strength in financial services, insurance and information technology. On a constant currency basis, deferred revenue grew 1% to $3.5 billion. License revenue continued its improving trend from last quarter, growing 20% year-over-year and 35% on a sequential basis. Strength in license revenue was driven by enterprise backup and appliances. Enterprise subscriptions increased 3% year-over-year, accounting for 15% of total revenue. Moving now to our business segments, in Consumer Security, we continue to drive operating margin higher, increasing 10.6 percentage points year-over-year to 53%. As Mike discussed, we exited certain unprofitable OEM and retail channel arrangements as well as provided greater transparency on automatic renewals, which are adversely affecting revenue and billings in Norton over the next several quarters. Revenue in the period was down 7% year-over-year to $461 million. Enterprise Security revenue was flat year-over-year at $509 million. Our Endpoint Protection and DLP products grew 5% and 2%, respectively. This was offset by weakness in Endpoint Management and Mail and Web Security. GAAP operating margin declined to 17% compared to 20% in the year-ago period, driven by higher support spend. Information Management revenue increased 5% year-over-year to $668 million. NetBackup Appliances and software generated strong year-over-year growth of 22% and 15%, respectively. Strength in NetBackup was offset by weakness in Backup Exec. GAAP operating margin improved sequentially to 25% compared to 20% last quarter but was down versus 27% in the year-ago period due to higher commissions. Gross margin decreased 30 basis points year-over-year to 84.1%, driven by growth in our lower margin appliance business. We achieved an operating margin of 30.4%, 140 basis points expansion year-over-year, through a combination of pricing optimization and improved renewals processes which drove enhanced top line performance, coupled with profit improvement programs such as optimizing the Norton business. We incurred restructuring costs of $39 million and separation costs of $29 million during the December quarter. As we noted last quarter, we are reducing our workforce and taking steps to improve our cost structure as we prepare for the separation. We expect the remainder of these charges to occur in the March and June quarters. Net income of $367 million resulted in fully diluted earnings per share of $0.53, up 2% year-over-year. Now turning to cash flow and share purchases. Cash flow from operating activities totaled $358 million, up 9% year-over-year, driven by the ongoing reductions in our cost structure. Sequentially, cash flow from operations was up 107% from $173 million. Capital expenditures were $101 million as we continue to build our IT and cloud infrastructure. We returned $229 million to shareholders during the December quarter via share repurchases and dividends. $104 million was in the form of cash dividends and $125 million was used to repurchase 4.9 million shares at an average share price of $25.63. We have $283 million remaining under the current stock repurchase authorization. We remain confident in the strength of our cash flow generation and continue to be committed to returning value to our shareholders. With this goal in mind, our Board of Directors has approved a new $1 billion share repurchase program. Now I'd like to briefly discuss some of our revenue and cost initiatives. We reached our fiscal year target for our renewals initiatives with a greater focus on value selling and process improvement. In license compliance, we've ramped the team to conduct more than 3x the number of audits here to date than we completed in fiscal year '14. In the fourth quarter, we expect to conduct more than 10x the number of fiscal year '14 audits. With our cost saving initiatives, for the second consecutive quarter, we've realized the benefits of optimizing the Norton segment. We're focusing our global footprint reduction efforts to optimize our labs, data centers and location for 2 standalone companies. Before I review our guidance, I'd like to discuss the progress we are making to complete the separation of the Veritas and security businesses by calendar year end. We've finalized the planning phase of the separation and are advancing to the execution phase, and our separation activities remain on track. Let me review some of the important milestones that we have achieved. First, we've chosen Veritas Technologies Corporation as the name for the Information Management company and plan to relaunch the Veritas brand in a phased approach over the coming months. Second, we've named key leaders as well as sales and product personnel for both businesses. The Veritas and Symantec sales organization will be operating independently as the new fiscal year begins. Third, in the area of consumer and partner contracts, we've made significant progress in allocating products and services between Veritas and Symantec. Fourth, we have begun building an ERP solution for Veritas and are well underway towards separating IT infrastructure. And fifth, we've finalized key real estate decisions and made substantial progress in creating the appropriate legal entities and corporate infrastructure to separate the companies. And consequently, we're on track to make Veritas operational as a standalone company in October. Over the coming month, we'll complete carved-out financial statements and prepare the Form 10 to be filed with the SEC by August. At our financial analyst event, we will provide more detailed information, including financial targets for each business. Now turning to guidance. At the beginning of the fiscal year, we set our guidance at an exchange rate of $1.38. At that rate, we expect to achieve revenue growth year-over-year as reported and exceed our original fiscal year '15 guidance on all metrics. We are now providing fiscal year 2015 guidance at the weighted average exchange rate of $1.28. Using the exchange rate, we expect fiscal year '15 revenue to be between $6.515 billion and $6.575 billion, operating margin between 27.5% and 27.7% and EPS between $1.87 and $1.90. With the continuing strengthening of the dollar against other major currencies, we're expecting an FX headwind of approximately 5.5 percentage points to our year-over-year revenue growth in the March quarter. At an exchange rate of $1.16, we expect March quarter revenue between $1.525 billion to $1.585 billion, with operating margin between 26.5% to 27.5% resulting in EPS of $0.42 to $0.45. The company's operating margin will be lower in the March quarter compared to December quarter due to typical seasonality and the FX impact. In conclusion, I am pleased with the progress the team has made in better aligning our cost structure and setting the path to growth. I look forward to sharing more details on our progress at Financial Analyst Day. And with this, I'll turn it over to Helyn to begin taking your questions.
Helyn Corcos: Thank you, Thomas. Operator, will you please begin polling for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just on the security side, I'm wondering, it feels like your endpoint business is performing well. The last time we had an update on that business, it was a big part of that security business. Can you talk about what the outlook looks like for -- you highlighted Endpoint Management, Mail and Web as drags on that business. Is there anything on your road map that you think will help to mitigate some of the declines you're seeing and can help the SEP business, which I think is the lion's share of that business, the growth there shine through?
Michael A. Brown: Walter, so we are continuing to improve our SEP or endpoint product, which, you're right, is the flagship of our security -- Enterprise Security portfolio. So with continued releases, we would expect to keep up with some of the trends we need to, to better protect attacks. And then I think significantly, as you referred to, the ATP series is a set of modules that are really complementary products. So ATP endpoint obviously will be a complementary product that will better protect the endpoint, but it also drives strength from the modules that we'll be selling with that. And so ATP network, for example, will be attacking a completely new market for us to better protect incoming attacks that occur over network traffic. So we're excited about the continued growth we're seeing in the endpoint product. We're going to continue to enhance that product, but the ATP solution is something that will be additive to our revenue in the Enterprise Security portfolio.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. And then Thomas, for you, on the buyback the $1 billion, I might have missed this because I was hopping around on calls. But $1 billion that you announced, you're pretty much continued the $125 million per quarter on the buyback. Should we think about that $1 billion, is it all impacting the run rate at which you buy back stock?
Thomas J. Seifert: Not at this point. We were down to, I think, slightly above $280 million remaining in the previous authorization. That is the run rate we had that you correctly mentioned. That was not enough of a buffer. And we were rather public that we are going to continue the capital distribution policy that we have in place to date at least until the separation takes place. So this new authorization is really enabling to continue with what we have in place. And at this point in time, not a contemplation to increase the run rate.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Raimo Lenschow with Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital, Research Division: A question for Thomas. Thomas, if you look at the improvement in margins so far, they are very impressive and you've kind of keep working on inefficiencies. And how do we have to think as we go through the year in terms of pre-and post the separation? Are there things that you can do after the separation that is kind of not possible today? Or are you kind of driving this towards optimum level and then as we have to separate the company, we just kind to have to live with the revenue growth then?
Thomas J. Seifert: A very good question. Of course, we think, and I think we said that before, that the momentum that is building through the initiatives and driving the organization to better focus on efficiencies, that momentum will carry into the new fiscal year and we will carry that momentum also in both entities after the split. Of course, the rate of improvement is going to slow down a bit. It's going to plateau. And we were also public saying that some of these savings we are going to reinvest, especially in the security side, on the Symantec side, we're going to reinvest some of the efficiency gains into innovation and R&D spend. So you could expect improvement beyond separation, but probably at a slower pace.
Operator: We'll go next to Brad Zelnick with Jefferies.
Brad Alan Zelnick - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I wanted to focus on the consumer business. Even with consumer revenues down 11%, you were able to maintain 43% operating margin, 10 points better than the prior year which is again very impressive and similar to last quarter. But last quarter, 7 of those 10 points came from a year-on-year improvement to the OEM fees that were not paid as they were in the prior year. And I'm assuming that, that's similar in this quarter. But what I'm trying to understand is for every dollar you save in OEM fees in the period you forgo multiple quarters of revenue for the unit that you didn't acquire. So what I guess I'm trying to ask is, how sustainable should we think about the margin improvement being?
Michael A. Brown: Brad, I think about it as being very sustainable. I mean, one of the things that you point out about the OEM placement fees is they should help pay for an ongoing stream, or you can think of it as annuity. But what you find when you look at the actual results from placing with OEMs is first of all, you're not assured that for the business they do that's not direct, for example, what they sell through retail, you can be replaced even before the consumer sees your product. And we were finding that with large retailers that many of them exert their own power to put whatever consumer protection product they would like on there depending on how they're paid. And then those in turn end up being a lower rate of renewals. So the business is driven off how well you can improve renewal rates. So rather than rely on this chain of very uncertain transaction, us, the OEM, the OEM to the retailer, the retailer to the consumer, we're choosing to focus on improving the online acquisitions, going direct to the consumer, improving the customer experience and then improving the renewal rate. That's one of the reasons why we simplified the product line and have gone to subscription service. Now it will take us a number of quarters to be able to convert most of our Norton consumers to a subscription service. But when we do that, we believe we'll have very sustainable business and really get away from the headwind we're facing right now that relates to auto renewal policy changes.
Brad Alan Zelnick - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I appreciate that color, Michael. And just as we think about the shift to more of a subscription service on that journey, can consumer be down double digits at constant currency? I think it was down 7 this quarter. But when we put our models together, what does that trajectory look like? And again, I appreciate the backdrop. That operating income for that segment is up 15% for this quarter, which is extremely impressive and you've done a great job managing the segment.
Michael A. Brown: Yes, as we said, we expect for the next several quarters to have rates of decline that are equivalent to this magnitude, and then we would expect the compares to ease or improve so that, that trend becomes moderated. And obviously, we keep you updated as we go through that.
Operator: We'll go next to Philip Winslow with Crdit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: My question actually, I want to focus on license growth. I mean, I was looking back at my model, I think it's been over a decade since we've had 2 quarters of constant currency license growth north of 20%. And so, I guess my question is I know we have sort of an easy comp here these last couple of quarters, but you also made so many changes in the past 18 to 24 months on just the go-to-market strategy. How do you feel that those are paying off? And how do you kind of expect kind of license to the trend moving forward?
Michael A. Brown: Well, Thomas probably will have a comment on this in a minute. But before he comments, I would just say that the license growth we're seeing is driven by some particular products, as we mentioned. So if you look at the strength that's being driven by our Enterprise NetBackup business and our Appliance business, we're both growing share in that business right now. And we're focusing more of our resources in the backup business towards the Enterprise. So, for example, on the Appliance business, we just introduced the 5330 at the end of last quarter. It doubled the capacity and performance of a previous model that was in the market. So we're really addressing a whole new market segment there. And we would expect that we'll be able to continue not only to expand that globally because it was introduced first in North America with that product, but also we'll continue to make improvements in capacity and performance. So we feel like that trend has some staying power.
Thomas J. Seifert: Not much to add from my sight. I think we see the benefits of the go-to-market changes that have been initiated. Unfortunately, some of the progress is camouflaged or headwinded by currency topics for the time being. But the soundness [ph] of the transformation attacking some of the root causes of the underperformance in the past seem to be rather effective. And that's why we are quite content for the profits we have achieved so far.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just on the network side, you guys have typically shied away with the Boeing acquisition that was at least chattered as having network monitoring capabilities. You just mentioned now you're entering ATP with network. Is this a new strategy that Symantec is no longer going to shy away from the network and you're going to make a much stronger proactive push this way going forward?
Michael A. Brown: Brent, I wouldn't view it as a new strategy. It's really just reflecting the fact that network traffic is an important area to understand when you're trying to analyze a threat. So if you recall, when we, several quarters ago, introduced our first ATP offering, which was managed security service ATP, it also took advantage of a partnership that we have with 3 of the next-generation firewall providers: so Cisco, Sourcefire, Palo Alto networks and Check Point. So it's not an indication that we're going into network. Don't expect us to be delivering a next-generation firewall product. But we are recognizing that adding that telemetry to what we already do in terms of understanding from the other control points like mail, email, like web, like endpoint, is an important element in understanding the whole. So we'll continue to partner there. And if we can provide a product like we're doing with ATP network that complements an investment of firewall, you could expect something like that from us.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just really quickly, Michael, you mentioned north of a 50% operating margin you can maintain in the consumer business. I guess, it just blends into the next generation of endpoints you're seeing this new breed of solutions entering the market from a lot of competitors. And when you think about, clearly, there's been some inefficiencies in that business that you're addressing which is great to see. But the question I get a lot from investors is, are you putting enough in the innovation pipeline to get out with something here? So the question is just, can you continue to maintain that type of margin while blocking these next-generation vendors coming in with a new series of endpoints?
Michael A. Brown: One of the things that is often missed is that there's tremendous leverage between the Consumer business and the Enterprise business at the endpoint. So all of the innovations that we talk about for Enterprise endpoints are also in our Consumer product. And in fact, as consumers subscribe, they're getting more of a real time improvement in product capability. So in addition to the real time signature updates which people were getting before with products, now you actually can get improvements in the functionality rather than waiting for a renewal cycle and downloading the next version. So we're keeping consumers every bit as protected with advanced features, use of high capability analytical engines that we have and sourcing that vast telemetry that we like to talk about, that 4.3 trillion objects in real time that we're monitoring globally. So consumers are benefiting from that just as our Enterprise customers are.
Operator: And we'll go next to Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just wanted to dig into the concept of the consumer subscription a little bit just to get a better understanding of what we're talking about here. I've always thought about the Norton business as at least a recurring revenue stream if not a subscription. What exactly do you mean by sort of a consumer subscription now? And is it a price increase that's going to help sort of the monetization there?
Michael A. Brown: Well, I think of it in 2 ways. So one is that we are able to keep customers protected and avoid this question of an annual renewal cycle. So this is something where we made changes to the business recently, somewhat in response to changes in consumer protection in EMEA but was rolled out worldwide. And if you think about it, every time you present the customer with a renewal opportunity, they have to make a choice, there's an opportunity for leakage in the business. If someone is a subscriber, then they maintain their subscription until they opt out. So that's what we mean by going to a subscription basis. This is the second way to think about it. A customer benefits here because we're not waiting for a renewal and a download. So that means that rather than a 1-year cycle that at the end of that period and then I download a new version, we can provide more continuous updates to the customer in terms of functionality of the capability delivered from the cloud. So it's just a more modern way of protecting consumers. They get better protection, and we think there will be a better business model that results for Norton and Symantec.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. So if you call it subscription then, you kind of -- it gets around the idea of not having to do an auto renewal anymore because a subscription could be open-ended.
Michael A. Brown: Right. That's right.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And then when we think about Symantec Endpoint Protection and some of the new functionalities coming out on ATP, you said it's going to be a separate product. Do you think -- I mean, do you foresee doing any bundling? Because I mean, we've seen a lot of new functionality come out of the endpoint and it tends to get bundled into an endpoint security suite over time. What's your confidence that this is going to be sort of an independent, sort of separate product that you'll be able to get some pricing power from versus something that over time is just going to get bundled into what is the endpoint agent?
Michael A. Brown: Well, if I think about one way your question could be going, it's kind of how inconvenient is this for customers. And actually it's designed with customer convenience in mind because it takes a large enterprise something on the order of 2 years to implement a new endpoint protection. And that's because it needs to be qualified and tested. You not only have to replace perhaps an endpoint product with a new endpoint, but also the endpoint manager needs to be replaced at the server level. So rather than ask our customers to go through some kind of a 2-year upgrade cycle, they're able to add this complementary product of ATP endpoint and get this advanced capability while leaving their current investment in SEP leveraged. So I think that -- and of course, that will be at a different price point because this will be a separate capability that we'll be offering from what people have traditionally bought with endpoints. As it relates to future packages down the road, it would be too early to say. We'll have to see what customer feedback we get as we launch this initial ATP solution with the 3 modules. We'll certainly be looking for their feedback on what's the best way to buy security in addition to continuing to offer services for those customers that don't want to go through that process of trying to integrate products themselves, we view expanded services as another growth opportunity.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Matt Niknam from Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Niknam - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to dig into some of the momentum that you referenced that you started as you begun separating the 2 businesses. How do you ensure this momentum continues in the face of some of the ongoing headcount reductions in the business?
Michael A. Brown: Well, the momentum is really driven by what we're seeing -- let's start with the Veritas business -- as the opportunities that we're focused on. And so we feel like we're focused on some of the higher growth opportunities where we have real advantage. So we've talked often about NetBackup as being the premier backup product for enterprises, and we're gaining share in that right now. We're investing in improving NetBackup with more frequent releases. We would expect that to be able to continue to drive strength. Same with the Appliances which, of course, has been one of our fastest-growing businesses and we're clearly gaining share, now the #2 in that market. So I think the headcount reduction is separate. They were looking for some efficiencies and we're being smart about where we would take that headcount reduction. That doesn't get in the way of providing better products for customers, R&D or the selling motion, where we have productive territories. So I really see them as 2 different activities that we're looking very carefully at the connection between where can we get continued growth but still drive efficiencies and not slow down our progress.
Thomas J. Seifert: Yes. I think it's important that we especially protect the momentum in 2 areas: on the innovation front and on the go-to-market side. On the innovation side, we hardly touched our overall R&D spend. We're putting a lot of focus into productivity measures, getting faster doing HR [ph] deployment and more efficient development processes, but we are hardly touching R&D from an overall spend perspective in order to protect the innovation momentum. On the go-to-market side, we've accelerated the separation. I've been talking about getting operational separation for the 2 entities by October. We plan to enter the new fiscal year starting April. However, with 2 separate sales organization so the sales leadership has been dedicated. The coverage models have been defined. Sales compensation and quotas have been rolled out so we can make sure that we are not impacting that momentum during the year but are in the right starting positions with the first day of the new fiscal year.
Michael A. Brown: Thomas brings up a good point on the go-to-market motion. So we, in fact, have increased the number of quota-carrying salespeople while bringing total sales headcount down. Leadership for each of these 2 sales forces has already been meeting to start planning FY '16 in Q1. So it's certainly our intent to have as smooth a transition as possible to the beginning of next fiscal year when we'll have those sales forces completely dedicated.
Operator: And we'll go next to Nikolay Beliov with Bank of America.
Nikolay Beliov - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I have a question around Enterprise subscriptions. According to my calculation, it's a $1 billion business, which is very sizable compared to the standalone software, the service players and growing 3%. With customers consuming technology more the software, the service, can you remind us what pieces are in this bucket and maybe how this business can accelerate with the growth levers here?
Michael A. Brown: So, Nikolai, you're really asking what parts of our product line in Enterprise Security are cloud subscription?
Nikolay Beliov - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I'm talking about Enterprise subscriptions.
Michael A. Brown: Yes, so I think that's about 15% or so of our total Enterprise Security business and -- Helyn's reminding me, total revenue of Symantec, is that what you -- so thanks for the correction. And it's really the email protection. Email.cloud would be the largest product line there, largest offering.
Nikolay Beliov - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And then, I also had a question on enterprise maintenance, with license recovering nicely in the last couple of quarters. Are we at the point where enterprise maintenance has turned the curve and has actually turned positive growth rate?
Thomas J. Seifert: I think that would be a fair description from a momentum perspective. This is one of the areas where we think we are -- we've hit the turning point.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Pat Walravens with JMP Group.
Patrick D. Walravens - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: I'm wondering if you could walk us through the decision process for keeping the Veritas name. Was that a difficult decision?
Michael A. Brown: Sure, Pat. We sat back and looked at what is the brand equity for Veritas because that was an obvious choice to make. So we undertook some research there with customers and partners, probably no surprise to you and many of the folks who follow us, we kept the Veritas name in some of the product lines that we've had. In particular, the Storage Foundation, Cluster Server products, still very much identified with Veritas. And then we also took a look at other names that we could use. Of course, that would have cost us a lot more to be able to invest in launching another name and quickly concluded that it made sense both from the tremendous positive brand equity there was in the Veritas name, with customers, partners, employees, certainly. And that made it a very simple choice relevant to the additional costs that we would have incurred by trying to launch a new name in the marketplace.
Operator: And then we'll go next to Michael Turits with Raymond James.
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Two questions, one product. Just on the new ATP network or sandbox product, what's the architecture of that product? Broadly, in other words, is it appliance? Is it software? Is it as a cloud component? Anything you could describe would be very helpful.
Michael A. Brown: Interesting enough, Michael, it's all 3 of those. So it will be an appliance. Of course, it's software loaded on that appliance. And it uses a cloud. So just in a nutshell, some of the key capabilities of that product. We will be able to, through the software, prioritize the incidents we see from the traffic that we're analyzing. That's key from a productivity standpoint, because one of the things that we've talked about before is the complex problem that security operations professionals have and they've got to look through a tremendous number of alerts and identify quickly what are false positives here and what's already been remediated. So the ATP network product, particularly in combination with our ATP endpoint product, you're going to be able to see if something you're observing is a potential attack. It's already been remediated on the endpoint. So tremendous benefit by looking at these capabilities together and then the ability to prioritize these incidents is a tremendous productivity improvement. Delivered from the cloud will be something we call Cynic that I referenced in my earlier remarks. So this is the virtual execution engine, the sandbox capability. And we believe this will be certainly best-in-class because we are now able to prevent attacks from what we're calling malware-aware threats. So the threats, or the malware has become more sophisticated in evolving to know if it's in a sandbox. We've got a way around that to force it to expose itself so that we can detonate that. And then of course, also delivered from the cloud is the correlation with that telemetry data that we have. So we'll be able to -- that's a capability we call Synapse so we'll be able to see what are you seeing on the network and how does that correlate with our 4.3 million threats that we are monitoring. So on appliance, obviously using software and definitely utilizing cloud capability.
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: But the virtual execution engine or sandbox was in the cloud?
Michael A. Brown: That's right.
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And then I just had a question for Thomas. Anything that you can do to help us out on the direction for cash flow this year? You did $1.3 billion in cash off of ops from last year. I think we have been expecting that the cash impact from restructuring to be about $100 million this year. So it makes sense to think of it as kind of $100 million down from last year.
Thomas J. Seifert: Yes, unfortunately, yes. So I think I said this on the last call. We understand this year is a bit messy and we'll think for the Analyst Day whether we finally get to a point where we provide cash flow guidance on a quarterly basis. But we will have more impacts than just separation and restructuring impacts. We also said that in order to move our business model, we have to see some increased INT as infrastructure spend to consolidate sites, to consolidate data centers. And then we have some onetimes, especially this quarter, on the cash flow side, not so much from the separation but with respect to tax payments. So we ended this quarter at $358 million. For the fourth quarter, we will be up probably 20% including all the separation and restructuring charges.
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Up 20% sequentially or year-over-year in the fourth quarter?
Thomas J. Seifert: Sequentially.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Aaron Schwartz with Macquarie.
Aaron Schwartz - Macquarie Research: Just had one question on the Enterprise Security business. That business on a constant currency basis was flat on an easier comp arguably in a pretty strong spending environment. Can you either walk through or is there something that you're seeing in bookings that's a little different than what you called out on the revenue? Or does that business just have a couple products that are going to be naturally a drag here in the near term and you're really dependent on some of these newer, more innovative products to come out to see some sustainable growth there?
Michael A. Brown: Aaron, I think both of what you said are true. We have some products that are not growing that we called out here. But we're seeing in terms of the business activity, significant improvements that lead us to believe that in FY '16, our next fiscal year, we'll definitely see growth from the Enterprise Security segment. And in particular, we're excited about the ATP products because those are additional revenue coming from new products that provide complementary capabilities. Our DLP business continues to grow. We're twice as big as the next competitor there. We've seen that grow in the last couple of quarters and we continue to add some new capabilities to make sure that we have the best DLP capability out there. We talked in my earlier remarks about 2 new cloud offerings that we're having there, or are going to be introducing this quarter, I should say. So I am confident we're going to see some growth from enterprise security in FY '16.
Operator: And we'll go next to Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets.
Matthew Swanson - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: This is actually Matt Swanson on for Matt. There seems to be a debate kind of among IT buyers about the advantages between point solutions and a congruent full suite. And as you guys are working here to kind of grow the product portfolio, how is that helping when you're having these customer conversations compared to smaller vendors in areas like email and APT and backup, for instance?
Michael A. Brown: Well, I think there's kind of 2 concepts that you're talking about. One is the advantage of suites and the other is size of vendor. So I'll just talk about size of vendor first. I think it's a tremendous advantage to be able to supply customers, not only with a range of products but also the support that's required and the benefit of a historical ongoing relationship. So I think as it relates to size of vendor, if we can provide something that is competitive in the marketplace I think we have an advantage versus the many small companies, startups out there, even though they've got something that could be interesting. It's very complex to be integrating all of these point solutions. So I'd say that if there's something that truly offers incredible advantage, the largest enterprise customers are going to be willing to take a look at that. But even they have to be selective and it takes up a lot of their resources to be able to understand all these products and integrate them. So we should have an advantage at Symantec given our size and scale. One of the things that we're banking on, as you can tell from our strategy, is taking advantage of all that threat telemetry. So it's not just the technology capability but what do we see out there in terms of the threats and how can we make our customers smarter. We've already got some interesting proof points of customers being able to see more about what's going on and protect themselves better by taking advantage of that vast threat telemetry that we offer. That's why we think the ATP solutions are going to be so powerful in the marketplace.
Helyn Corcos: Operator, I see we are at the top of the hour, so that would be our last question.
Operator: Thank you. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Brown for any closing remarks.
Michael A. Brown: Thank you very much for joining us today, and we look forward to seeing you at our Financial Analyst Day in New York on April 17.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q2  (2014-11-05 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Helyn Corcos - Vice President of Investors Relations Michael A. Brown - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital, Research Division Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Fatima Aslam Boolani - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Matthew Niknam - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Nikolay Beliov - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Symantec's Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Helyn Corcos, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Helyn Corcos: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our call to discuss second quarter 2015 earnings results. By now, you should have had the opportunity to review a copy of our earnings release and supplemental information. We've also posted a presentation that complements our prepared remarks. If you have not reviewed these documents, they can be found on the Investor Relations homepage. A copy of today's prepared remarks will be available on the website after our call is completed. Participants on today's call are: Mike Brown, Symantec's President and CEO; and Thomas Seifert, Executive Vice President and CFO. This is a live call and will be available for replay via webcast on our website. I'd like to remind everyone that we provide year-over-year constant currency growth rates in our prepared remarks except for statements about net income and EPS. All references to financial metrics are non-GAAP unless otherwise stated. Also, implied billings refer to revenue plus the change in sequential deferred revenue, and we've provided a trended history of this metric in our supplemental information on as-reported rates. I would like to take this opportunity to highlight a few dates for you. Thomas will be presenting at the UBS Technology Conference on November 19 in San Francisco and at the NASDAQ conference on December 3 in London. And we intend to announce our third quarter earnings on February 5. Please note non-GAAP financial measures referenced during this call are reconciled to their comparable GAAP financial measure in the press release and supplemental materials posted on our website. Today's call contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current date and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our cautionary statement and our press release for more information. You will also find a detailed discussion about our risk factors in our filings with the SEC and, in particular, in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 28, 2014. And now I'd like to introduce our CEO, Mr. Mike Brown. Go ahead, Mike.
Michael A. Brown: Thanks, Helyn. We're pleased with the progress we're making with our priorities to improve growth and operating margin and with the momentum that is building in our businesses. We had a solid quarter, with both operating margin and EPS exceeding guidance and with revenue coming in line with our expectations. We drove 150 basis points of operating margin expansion by driving toward an improved long-term cost structure for the company. Additionally, implied billings grew 12% year-over-year on a constant currency basis but was down 1% due to the depreciation of the euro. We're seeing more large deals with the number of $1 million deals up 56% year-over-year. Both our federal and renewals teams delivered another impressive quarterly performance. In October, we announced 6 new or upgraded offerings. Some of these include: our NetBackup 5330 appliance, which delivers twice the performance capacity of previous models; enhanced Symantec Endpoint Protection, which improves our ability to stop targeted attacks and advanced persistent threats; and augmented eDiscovery, which significantly accelerates how fast customers can search and identify relevant information in a litigation process. Our margin expansion and billings momentum give us confidence we'll achieve our fiscal year guidance at our original guided exchange rate. In October, we announced our intention to separate Symantec into 2 publicly traded companies. A separation will allow each company to focus on its unique growth opportunities, reduce operational complexity and enhance strategic flexibility. We're pleased with the positive reaction we've received from our customers, partners and employees. I attended our North America Partner Engage Conference the week after our announcement, and the partners I spoke with there were enthusiastic about the increased focus the separation brings, as most of these partners primarily sell security products or information management products. Our large customers have also been very supportive of the separation as they most often work with us on buying security and information management products in different buying cycles rather than simultaneously. And our employees are enthused about the opportunity to be part of a more focused organization. I'm confident this separation and the strategies we outlined for each business will create significant shareholder value. These strategies complement our 5 priorities, which we will continue to use to manage our 2 businesses. Thomas will provide more details about the separation process in his remarks. Now I'd like to discuss the progress we've made in executing both strategies and introduce recent additions to our executive team. I'll start with security. Our unified security strategy is to apply big data-driven intelligence to prevent, detect and remediate attacks faster and better than ever before. As a reminder, this strategy has 3 elements: first, deliver a unified security platform that integrates threat information from our Symantec products and Norton endpoints; second, grow our cyber-security service capabilities; third, simplify and integrate our security product portfolio by consolidating our Norton products to one offering and by extending our Advanced Threat Protection, or ATP, and Data Loss Prevention or DLP, capabilities into more of our Enterprise products. For example, our release of DLP 12.5 last June, which reduces the deployment footprint for customers from 5 servers to 1, helped us accelerate revenue growth in our DLP products to 18% year-over-year. In a few months, we will introduce our ATP Threat Defense Gateway, our first product that takes full advantage of the intelligence from our vast threat telemetry. And it does so in 3 ways: first, this ATP appliance offers automated threat detection through the analysis of all ports and protocols at the gateway level; second, this offering provides cloud-based sandboxing capabilities and a virtualized execution environment for detonation, monitoring and analysis of malware. Our technology uses machine learning to observe the step-by-step behavior of potential malware and then compares this behavior against telemetry of firewalls as well as our global telemetry across Symantec's endpoint, mail and web, as well as through our managed services, providing multi-tiered production. Our greater scale harnesses much richer threat intelligence, reducing our rate of false positives versus those of competitive solutions; third, ATP threat defense enables customers to prioritize security events, saving time and effort. Unlike competitive solutions that alert customers each time malware enters the network, whether or not that malware poses a real danger, we flag the most critical threats. No other vendor integrates ATP across firewalls, endpoint, email and gateways like we do. Our threat defense gateway is only the first in a series of products that will leverage our superior telemetry to generate better protection for customers. Additionally, we are releasing Symantec Endpoint Security Advanced Threat Protection or SES-ATP. This new offering will help our customers detect and respond to targeted attack activity on their endpoints by correlating information in our global security intelligence repository with local data in the customer's environment. Our research shows that virtually all advanced persistent attacks leverage endpoint systems in order to infiltrate their target organizations. SES-ATP will be delivered as an on-premise virtual appliance and will alert organizations if they are under attack, describe the scale and scope of the attack and shut down advanced threats. We will be selling this product as an add-on capability for our large installed base of Symantec Endpoint Protection or SEP customers. Our complementary threat defense gateway provides ATP protection even for customers who do not currently have SEP installed. Moving to cyber-security services. Our addressable market is growing at a 30% compound annual growth rate from 2013 to 2018, becoming a $10 billion market by 2018. Today, we are the only company that offers the combination of Managed Security Services, incident response, managed adversary threat intelligence and a cyber-security simulation platform. Let me say a few words about each. We unveiled our upgraded Security Operations Center or SOC in Sydney, Australia, which joins a global network of 4 other SOCs in the U.S., U.K., Japan and India. Our incident response service, which we launched in June, has already engaged 65 customers, nearly doubling since August. We launched our managed adversary threat intelligence offering in early October, which provides customers with intelligence reports on adversaries, attack vectors and incidents and campaigns in targeted industries and geographies. Later this fiscal year, we'll be launching a cloud-based, hands-on cyber-security simulation that customers can access from anywhere and engage in realistic training scenarios that approximate their data center environments. We believe we're the only company in the world with such an offering and have already engaged with a large European government to deliver this offering. Over the last 12 months, Symantec has tracked 255 data breaches that exposed a total of 656 million identities. Using telemetry provided by our Global Intelligence Network of more than 41.5 million attack sensors, our researchers partnered with international law enforcement to disrupt the advanced criminal infrastructure behind the Shylock malware, remediate infections from a Turla cyber espionage campaign and helped neutralize the advanced malware used by Hidden Lynx. Our Information Management vision is to help organizations harness the power of their information when they need it, wherever they need it, wherever it resides. Our Information Management strategy has 3 elements: first, innovate across our best-in-class portfolio of solutions to provide resilient and reliable foundational products for our customers; second, deliver solutions that dramatically reduce the total cost of ownership of storing, managing and deriving insights and business value from information; third, enable visibility, management and control across an organization's entire information landscape through an intelligent information fabric layer that integrates with our portfolio and third-party ecosystems. We continue to extend our lead in backup, particularly with our appliances. The growth of our NetBackup appliances accelerated from 35% year-over-year growth in the June quarter to 45% in the September quarter. In October, we announced our NetBackup 5330 appliance, which delivers twice the performance and capacity of prior models, making the management of information even simpler and less expensive. Our information availability business had double-digit billings growth, driven by robust renewal activity. With Storage Foundation, we drove better performance at a lower cost than competitors, enabling the win of a multi-million dollar deal with a large company in India. To extend our leadership in Storage Foundation, we are releasing our Smart I/O platform expansion with flexible storage sharing in December. This expansion will enable customers to drive down costs, increase performance and move into cutting-edge software-defined storage. Our on-premise archiving product generated double-digit billings growth, driven by the summer launch of Enterprise Vault 11. Additionally, to enable customers to move data to and from the cloud, earlier this year, we introduced Disaster Recovery Orchestrator, which enables businesses to automate and manage disaster recovery of Microsoft Windows-based applications residing on either physical or virtual machines to the Microsoft Azure cloud. In November, we will extend this capability to Amazon Web Services. We continue to attract leading talent to my team. We've hired Balaji Yelamanchili, who will be the General Manager of our Enterprise Security Products. He has more than 20 years of development, marketing and management experience in the software industry, and was most recently Senior Vice President for Analytics and Performance Management Products at Oracle. Balaji's analytics background will be instrumental as we leverage our unified security intelligence platform to harness more insight from our vast telemetry data. We've also hired a new leader of strategy and alliances, Jeff Scheel, who has more than 25 years of experience at enterprise software and security companies in executive roles at FireEye, Mandiant, ArcSight and Hewlett-Packard. In closing, we've made significant progress over the past 7 months. We've outlined 5 key priorities, which we will continue to use in managing both of our major businesses, Security and Information Management. Number one, we're managing our portfolio of businesses for growth and margin; number two, we're shifting R&D investment to the fastest growth areas for our future; number three, we introduced 8 revenue and efficiency initiatives to stimulate growth and expand operating margins; number four, we're attracting top talent to our executive team; and number five, we continue to return significant cash to shareholders. Our implied billings growth rate and the change in the trajectory from last year give us confidence that we will achieve our revenue and operating margin targets at our original fiscal '15 guided exchange rate. Achieving nearly 29% operating margin this quarter underpins our ability to improve profitability. We've now articulated defined strategies for our 2 major businesses and announced a separation to better realize the distinct strategies required for each to be successful. We've moved from a functional to a business unit organizational structure to improve our focus on the different roles our businesses play in the Symantec portfolio. The improvement in our Norton operating margin from 43% to 53% underscores the power of aligning around a business focus to make quick decisions and execute faster. We've also added 6 key executives, enhancing the capability of the management team, in the past 7 months. We will continue to move quickly in making the changes required to ensure Symantec has a more successful future, and in doing so, we will stay focused on executing to deliver for customers, employees and shareholders. Now I'll turn it over to Thomas to review our financial results and guidance.
Thomas J. Seifert: Thank you, Mike, and good afternoon. Symantec delivered a solid quarter, with operating margin and earnings per share exceeding guidance and with revenue coming in line with our expectations. These results were driven by strength in Enterprise Backup, Enterprise Endpoint Protection and DLP products as well as reduced operating expenses. We continue to make progress on our revenue and efficiency initiatives and are well on our way to achieving our fiscal year revenue and margin targets. As you know, the U.S. dollar appreciated significantly against the euro during the September quarter, which created a headwind of $106 million to deferred revenue and $19 million to our revenue. Our implied billings on a currency-adjusted basis were up 12% year-over-year. This marks our fourth consecutive quarter of an improving billings trend and our second quarter of growth. We posted our first quarter of license growth in 6 quarters. License revenue grew 25% year-over-year, driven by strength in Enterprise Backup and an easier compare versus the year-ago period and it was also up 8% sequentially. Renewals were up year-over-year from growth in Storage Foundation and Enterprise Backup, and Enterprise subscription grew 6% year-over-year, accounting for 16% of total revenue. Our federal team continued to perform above expectations. We secured a multimillion dollar renewal and multiple license deals with various agencies of the U.S. government. Our number of larger deals greater than $300,000 grew 24% to 277, with strength in the retail, financial services, telco, technology and health care sectors. Moving now to our business segments. As we mentioned last quarter, we realigned our reporting segments into Consumer Security, Enterprise Security and Information Management. The new reporting structure provides improved transparency into our Consumer Security segment for both management and investors, and helps us better manage our Information Management and Security businesses during the period leading up to the separation. In Consumer Security, we simplified our product portfolio by streamlining 9 core products into a single Norton Security offering and exited unprofitable OEM contracts. These efforts expanded operating margin 973 basis points year-over-year to 53%. Over the last 10 quarters, we have significantly increased operating margin, as is now evident in our new reporting structure. In response to an increase in consumer protection regulations, we made the decision to be more transparent in the way we manage automatic renewals in our Norton business. We believe this change in policy is the right thing to do for our Norton customers, and will result in greater brand loyalty. In the near term, these changes, however, along with our decision to exit certain unprofitable OEM and retail channel arrangements, will negatively impact revenue and billings in the Norton business over the next 4 quarters. Revenue in the quarter was down 6% year-over-year to $485 million. However, the net impact of higher operating margin more than offset lower revenue, resulting in a 15% year-over-year increase in operating income. We believe we can mitigate the revenue decline in the Norton business by improving online customer acquisitions, enhancing the customer experience, transitioning Norton to a subscription service and by providing a virus removal guarantee to customers who opt in to auto-renewal. Enterprise Security revenue decreased 1% year-over-year to $511 million as growth in our Endpoint Protection and DLP products were offset by weakness in Endpoint Management. GAAP operating margin reached 17% compared to 15% in the year-ago period, driven by reduced expenses. Information Management revenue increased 3% year-over-year to $621 million. Growth in Enterprise Backup was offset by weakness in information availability. GAAP operating margin declined to 20% compared to 24% in the year-ago period, due to an increased revenue in our lower margin appliances. Gross margin increased 30 basis points year-over-year to 84%, as lower royalty payments more than offset an increase in lower margin appliance revenue. We made significant progress reducing our operating expenses during the September quarter, which resulted in operating margins of 28.7%, 150 basis point expansion year-over-year. Net income of $332 million resulted in fully diluted earnings per share of $0.48, down 6% year-over-year as the September 2013 quarter included a gain on the sale of our LifeLock investment. We returned a total of $229 million during the September quarter via share repurchase and dividends. $104 million was in the form of cash dividends to shareholders, and $125 million was used to repurchase 5.26 million shares at an average share price of $23.75. We have $408 million remaining under the current stock repurchase authorization. Cash flow from operating activities totaled $173 million, down 9% year-over-year due to lower collections. And capital expenditures were $107 million, up year-over-year as we invest in our IT and cloud infrastructure. Now I'd like to briefly discuss our 8 revenue and efficiency initiatives. We made progress on our revenue initiatives, with sales and renewals, pricing optimization and license compliance all contributing to the September quarter's results. In sales and renewals, we are putting into practice more policies and procedures of a best-in-class sales organization, including more consistent forecasting, better pipeline management, more aggressive pursuit of slipped deals and a greater focus on value selling. In pricing, we have established more disciplined parameters that place higher value on our products and services. In license compliance, our augmented auditing procedures are beginning to show traction. With our efficiency initiatives, we've seen the benefits of optimizing our Norton segment in our expanded operating margin. Reducing our total footprint, streamlining product support and improving R&D capacity will contribute to revenue growth and margin expansion in the second half of fiscal year '15. Before I review our guidance, I'd like to comment on our separation progress. Our philosophy is to manage each business separately, minimize disruption to our businesses, partners, customers and employees and execute a well-managed separation. To achieve these objectives, we have established 4 operating principles. First, we're deploying dedicated work streams to manage the separation. Second, we are leaving our go-to-market capability largely intact for the remainder of this fiscal year. The split between our new license and renewal sales teams, as well as the increase in specialization between Security and Information Management, which occurred a year ago, ensures that most of our separated go-to-market capability is already in place. Third, we're creating a process to separate contracts that pertain to both our Information Management and Security products. To that end, we established a contract separation project management organization to ensure customers are minimally impacted from the transition. We believe separating the contracts will not be problematic, and we intend to enter into intercompany agreements to address the ELAs. Fourth, to minimize costs, we are delaying the creation of a duplicative organizational structure until late in the separation process. In parallel with our separation efforts, we are carefully reviewing the 2 businesses to ensure we have a more streamlined cost structure. Over the next 5 quarters, we expect to incur separation cost of between $80 million and $100 million. This excludes any potential tax implications outside the U.S. and potential adviser fees payable upon the separation. We will also incur restructuring charges of between $100 million and $120 million, with about half of these costs coming in fiscal year '15. As a result of restructuring, we expect headcount reductions of approximately 10%. We expect to reinvest some of the savings in R&D to grow key growth offerings such as mobile, services, DLP, ATP, Backup and Backup Appliances. The separation is expected to accelerate these restructuring efforts and generate momentum into fiscal year '16 across our 8 revenue and efficiency initiatives. For example, we'll be able to reduce our global footprint by terminating leases and closing redundant data centers and facilities. We are still evaluating the capital structure and capital allocation policies of each company, and will update you as we have more details. We expect to file a preliminary Form 10 in the summer, which will provide carved-out financials and other detailed information. Now turning to guidance. For the December quarter at an exchange rate of $1.27, we expect revenue between $1.65 billion to $1.69 billion. We expect operating margin between 28.3% to 29.3%, resulting in EPS of $0.47 to $0.50. We are pleased with the momentum we have generated in the first half of fiscal year '15. As a result, we are raising our fiscal year guidance at our originally guided exchange rate of $1.38 to revenue between $6.715 billion to $6.795 billion and operating margin between 28.3% and 28.6%, resulting in EPS in the range of $1.94 and $1.99. At the originally guided exchange rate, we expect to achieve revenue growth during the second half of the fiscal year and to reach 30% operating margin by the fourth quarter. After adjusting for the volatile currency movements at an expected annual exchange rate of $1.31 versus our originally guided rate of $1.38, we expect fiscal year revenue to be in the range of $6.6 billion to $6.68 billion, operating margin between 27.4% and 27.8% and EPS between $1.88 and $1.93. In conclusion, I am pleased with our continued progress this quarter and the future that lies ahead of Symantec. And with that, I'll turn it over to Helyn to begin taking our questions.
Helyn Corcos: Thank you, Thomas. Operator, will you please begin polling for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Philip Winslow with Crdit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Really wanted to focus on that license line. It grew pretty impressively year-over-year even on a constant currency basis, and I understand it was an easy comp versus last year, but it was a big number in sort of the first quarter, and multiple quarters we've seen that type of growth. Wonder if you could give us some just sort of details, as far as what's driving that? In particular, you obviously made a lot of changes just on the go-to-market strategy the past 12, 15 months. I mean, is that where we're starting to see pay off or is it specific products or is it a combination? Just more detail would be great.
Michael A. Brown: Philip, I'd say it's a combination of the go-to-market changes, which we've talked about for several quarters here that underpin a strengthening in the business that you can see in the implied billings trend, so I'd say that's really part of it. But I'd also say it's the strength in new products. So a number of things that we called out here, the accelerating growth in appliances, you'd have to point, number one. The improvement in DLP, so seeing that up 18% year-over-year. In addition, our flagship Endpoint Protection or SEP products are also up. User Authentication, also up. So -- NetBackup, in general, separate from appliances also increased year-over-year, that was 18% also year-over-year increase. So a lot of improvement in the product comparisons as well. Of course, we introduced 6 new products in October. So as we start to think about Q3, and we'll have introduced 40 new products that will be new or upgraded versions of existing products by the end of this fiscal year.
Operator: And we'll go next to Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just one question, some detail on the consumer side. You talked about some changes to practices in auto-renewal, then it sounds like you did exit some products. Could you give us some more detail on how much impact you specifically expect to see in that business from those moves and the relative weighting of those 2 factors?
Michael A. Brown: Well think there's a number of headwinds that -- you could view them as headwinds, you could view them as positive changes, depending on whether you're looking at revenue or the profit impact that Thomas covered in his remarks. So as we talked about streamlining the business, it was not only the product streamlining, from going from the 9 offerings down to 1, but it's also in terms of the channel and business practice. So on the channel, as you know, we focused on online acquisition and gotten out of unprofitable OEM, retail, some activity we had going in small countries. And so taking away that unprofitable revenue obviously makes a more difficult comparison as we look at the revenue year-over-year. But improves the -- both profitability as we saw the operating margin increase to 53% and the absolute profits in the business. The renewal policy that we changed basically made it much more transparent for consumers to not be automatically renewing. What we're doing to mitigate those headwinds, which you expect the last several quarters, because the business is ratable, and it will take us 3 or 4 quarters to work through that, and have a different comparison point, are focusing on online acquisition, where we think there's more opportunity to improve the rate at which we acquire customers, and then enhancing the customer experience. We're going through what it takes to land each landing page, what it takes to come to Norton and we're also improving what we can demonstrate to customers as value they receive from Norton. So an example, when one of these large malware attacks occurs, we're highlighting that for customers if they're protected already by Norton. We think that's going to show customer there's value in subscribing to Norton versus subscribing to one of the freemium offerings that are out there. For those folks who do renew automatically, we're offering a virus removal guarantee, which means that if they do get a virus, we'll guarantee to get that removed from their system. So there's a number of things that we're doing to mitigate what we're seeing as headwinds over the next several quarters.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Great. And then just one question on the Enterprise endpoint. So that product line's been stronger, I think, many people have expected for the last a couple of quarters. Can you talk about -- is it large Enterprise, is it midsize business? Is it certain verticals? And do you think you're taking share, because I think the investor consensus is probably that, that's a no growth business, and you've been seeing some pretty good growth there.
Michael A. Brown: We've been pretty consistent that, that has been growing mid-single digits, which is in line with the market. I actually think this past quarter, we saw some strength to indicate we could be gaining share in that market. What we just introduced in October really improves the capability of the product. We talked about that to stop targeted attacks. And I'm very enthused about what's coming as we get to the end of this fiscal year, beginning of next fiscal year, where we're introducing Advanced Threat Protection capability, focused on the endpoint, that's SES-ATP capability's going to be very powerful.
Operator: And we'll go next to Raimo Lenschow with Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Quick question for me, is like first of all, you talked about the new product. Can you talk a little bit about the environment that you're seeing at some -- in Europe and the U.S.? And I assume it's a new product that's in your new distribution model, and all of the sales here [ph] -- improvement in the sales performance. But what are you seeing in terms of trends there? That's my first question. And then the other question we had from a lot of investors is like, can you talk a little bit about the situation in China, and how you're working around that?
Michael A. Brown: So I'd say from a geography standpoint, we are seeing strength in North America relative to the other regions. But I'd say it's improving from what we saw in previous quarters, especially in APJ for us. Thomas, did you want to add something?
Thomas J. Seifert: Yes, we've done especially well this quarter in Latin America because of some very large deals in the financial sector and in the infrastructure sector. So overall, I would say we see the strength of the product across all of the regions and all of the important verticals, whether it's federal or public sector, financial services, health care and insurance, especially. China...
Michael A. Brown: Yes, you asked specifically about China. What we've talked about before is the same for us today, which is most of our revenue in China is from our Information Management business. So I don't know if your question was reflecting kind of the political environment in China, where a lot of tech companies have faced some difficulty. We don't see that affecting the Information Management business.
Operator: And we'll go next to Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: On the restructuring that you're planning on doing, ahead of splitting the company in 2. You talked about a -- initial headcount reduction of around 10%, but then you're going to reinvest in some of, sort of those cuts. Can you help us understand sort of where the areas you're expecting to cut from initially? And maybe help us understand the magnitude of that reinvestment, maybe what the net headcount looks like after all is said and done?
Thomas J. Seifert: Yes, that's a very good question, so I think we have been rather transparent in how we look at our cost structure and where we think there's room to make us a leaner and more efficient organization. That's in the infrastructure cost and the footprint we have, and our benchmarks in sales and marketing and also, to a certain degree, in G&A cost are off by quite a bit. And this is where most of the restructuring is going to be targeted at. As the reinvestment goes into R&D, as we said before, into mobile, into services, in DLP and ATP and the Backup and Backup Appliances. We'll provide more clarity of how much we are going to invest when we start the new fiscal year. We are going through the product portfolios from an R&D perspective, as we speak. Where's the best ROIs, where are the good growth opportunities, and where are the opportunities for us to really deliver unique benefits to our customers across the portfolio that we have. So we will not reinvest all of the 10%, but we will reinvest a good portion of it, because the opportunities from a market perspective are just huge.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. And then, maybe it's been a couple of -- not too long, but a couple of weeks since you guys announced the plan to split the company into 2 parts. Can you help us -- maybe some of the feedback that you've gotten from partners and customers and what they think about the plan? What's the early reception that you guys have gotten to that strategic change?
Michael A. Brown: I'd say it's very positive. I was able to spend the week after the announcement, as I mentioned in the script, with our North American partners at an event we call Partner Engage. And because most of our partners frankly are already focused on either one part of the business or the other, a lot of enthusiasm for what -- working with a smaller, more focused company that can execute better. And at that event, we were able to confirm that we do not see any changes to the channel program, something we've talked about in the last couple of calls. Something we've invested a lot in, something our partners have invested a lot in, because as you'll recall, this is all about better economics for more value, meaning our partners invest with us, get certification to be able to achieve better economics through this program, so that we're working with the most valuable partners who help us sell some of the most valuable solutions in the market, versus some of the products that are frankly easier to sell, and become more commoditized. So I think there's a lot of enthusiasm from the channel partners about both the program and the momentum they're seeing on products. I think our larger customers similarly are, as we've already talked about before, they're different buying centers. They're often, even when we do a contract that spans Information Management and Security, they're buying those in different cycles. So I think from their standpoint, they view it as a positive, and don't see that there's going to be a disruption to continuing to buy from us. And they're excited about what's in the pipeline.
Operator: And we'll go next to Brent Thill with UBS.
Fatima Aslam Boolani - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: This is Fatima Boolani on behalf of Brent Thill. I had a question along the lines of the product portfolio. As you think about investing into some of these higher growth areas, the mobile DLP and ATP, what approach are you taking to some of your older products? I mean, are there some in the portfolio that could be candidates for divestitures or discontinuation or even sunsetting?
Michael A. Brown: Yes, and Fatima, we've talked about that before. Of course, we can't announce ahead of any transaction, but we've looked both at individual products as well as groupings of products that might make sense. So that's certainly something that is on our mind. More importantly, we're focused on where we can reinvest for the highest growth. We've talked about some of those here today. We believe DLP is a flagship product for us, something where our position is more than twice as big as the next biggest competitor. We have a similar position with Endpoint, and we're going to make that a lot more powerful, as I said, when we include ATP capabilities, so SES-ATP, and that's coming very soon. We expect to be in beta on that product by the end of this fiscal year. Services is another area, which is 1 of our 3 tenets of our strategy. Huge market. We're not a large factor there, even though our business activity is way up in services. Mobile is another opportunity for us going forward. And on the Information Management side, we see opportunities continuing with appliances, as we mentioned, our growth rates accelerated there. Continue to see growth in Backup, and we're excited about the business level of activity we're seeing with some of the new offerings we've got with older products like Storage Foundation and some of the other information availability products. It's a pretty broad spectrum of things we see to invest in.
Fatima Aslam Boolani - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Understood. That's helpful. And maybe just a quick follow-up on the Information Management side of the house. The appliances and the Backup growth was pretty strong. Just curious what customers' posture is around having more of a cloud-based approach to backup and archiving. We've seen a lot of software companies pivot towards the consumption or on-demand model, so just curious if you're seeing an accelerating interest in hosted or cloud-hosted backup and recovery offering.
Michael A. Brown: Yes, I think that's a very accurate description, an accelerated interest. And that has been an interest in exploring that from many different types of customers. If you look at where the market's going, it's moving first to cloud at smaller, medium-sized businesses, not really the large enterprises. So I think that's one of the reasons why our growth continues to be strong for an on-premise solution with the largest enterprises, because that's of course, where NetBackup is strongest. So I'd say we're seeing more pressure there for competitive products to Backup Exec, as an example, than we are with NetBackup. But we continue to make progress in terms of getting our offerings to the cloud. And we talked today about some of what we're doing to be able to enable customers to move back-and-forth data to the cloud and recover from the cloud. That's what Disaster Recovery Orchestrator is all about, as an example.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Turits with Raymond James.
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Wanted to follow up on a prior question about the headwinds on the revenue side to Consumer, and whether or not you actually -- well, there may be 2 different ways of looking at it. One, if you can quantify it, since you had that big drop year-over-year, relatively speaking, on the Consumer Security side, and whether or not that we could think about that going to growth, when you come out of that in 3 to 4 quarters.
Michael A. Brown: Well, I think after 3 or 4 quarters, what we would expect is a moderation of that trend that you see this quarter. So we've talked about in the past the fact that our Norton business, it's certainly the largest, by far, Consumer Security business. And we expect that there is an opportunity to continue to improve that. But we should expect from a revenue standpoint that it will be flat to slightly declining. So we think when we get through this period of headwinds, we should return to an environment that's more like that.
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And then, when you talked about the separation cost of $80 million to $100 million, the restructuring cost of $100 million to $120 million, is it -- clarification, are those costs that are going to be non-GAAPed out, and are those accrual costs or are those cash costs? If you can break those out, it'd be helpful.
Thomas J. Seifert: They're going to be non-GAAPed out for sure. And they are cash for most -- they are cash, 100% of the charges.
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So those are all cash charges and non-GAAPed out.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Mike, you've got one of the broadest perspectives in security spending out there. And I'm curious, as you talk to CISOs around, certainly here domestically and internationally. Do you feel that 2015 security budgets could accelerate beyond core IT? I mean, I think the assumption being a lot of the 2014 budgets were set after some of the biggest breaches occurred this year.
Michael A. Brown: I clearly believe that. I am following as you are, what we're reading in the headlines, the increased number of breaches we talked about in our comments today. If you remember Jamie Dimon's comments, they spent $250 million on security this past year, and he's thinking about doubling that. He's not the only CEO out there that's thinking about what is required to be able to protect a business' reputation. So I think we're going to see, not only an increase in budget but an increase in budget towards some of the more sophisticated offerings to protect customers. You're going to see that from us with these ATP offerings we talked about, and services. That's why we're so focused on services. Security is so complex, and there aren't enough qualified, trained professionals in the security operation staff to deal with that, that services presents a tremendous opportunity for us going forward. So we want to be able to provide Security, how customers want to buy it, whether that's a product, a service or a combination.
Thomas J. Seifert: And I think that's not only a statement for the private sector. It's also a statement for the public and for the federal customers that we have, worldwide.
Operator: We'll go next to Matthew Niknam with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Niknam - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A question on Enterprise Endpoint. You talked about stronger renewals and some stronger growth on that front. Wondering if you can comment on the state of competition in that market, and whether you've seen any impacts to pricing, how pricing's been trending.
Michael A. Brown: Yes, I think the Endpoint market is one where you see competitors catch up in capability, then there's price pressure. But as new capabilities come out, that presents an opportunity for an uplift in terms of pricing. So as we described today, where we have a baseline, the biggest in terms of our Symantec Endpoint Protection because we're the leader there. As we introduce a product like SES-ATP, it's an add-on capability where you get a lot more capability to protect the endpoint. And that will be sold as an add-on. So I think you'll be able to see a potential to get more revenue from that installed base, with that enhanced capability.
Matthew Niknam - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just one clarification, just on the -- as we think about timing of the restructuring and separation-related costs, how should we expect those to hit the income statement in upcoming quarters? Just trying to get a sense of, whether we straight line or if there is more weighting towards a particular time frame.
Thomas J. Seifert: Yes, that's fair. So I think when we talk about the separation costs we are preparing to occur those above -- across the next 5 quarters, pretty much, in more or less a linear fashion. When we talk about restructuring, we will have pretty much 50% of those charges within this fiscal year. So most of the restructuring is going to occur in the fourth quarter of this fiscal year and the first quarter of next fiscal year.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Gregg Moskowitz with Cowen and Company.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Thomas, as you indicated earlier, your Consumer Security margins are now 53%. They've expanded at an especially rapid pace over the last 6 quarters. You pointed out some of the reasons why. In your view, how much more margin expansion potential do you think exists within Consumer, going forward?
Thomas J. Seifert: Well, there's always a little room for improvement, but I think what Mike said is important. We stabilized the business from a profitability perspective. Focusing on profitability was a big task, streamlining the product portfolio and getting out of revenue engagements that are not contributing to the bottom line. So now moving forward, it's more about keeping the profitability that we have, maybe slightly improving it, but making sure that we get into a revenue and top line development that Mike has indicated.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, perfect. Then if I could just ask a follow-up to Mike. Just kind of wondering your thoughts on the recent decision to stop selling the Backup Exec 3600 appliance in the market. And just if you had any broader comments on SMB-based backup for Symantec going forward.
Michael A. Brown: Yes, that's one of the decisions that we made as we talked about before, where we're taking a look at the product line to see if something's contributing to growth, is it contributing to profit, or neither. And if a product is not contributing to either, then it's a candidate to be stopped. So we've done some of those in the past. We've done that with some things we haven't announced yet, that we stopped before they got into the market. Here's an example of one that we had to stop selling, because it doesn't make any sense for us to continue, because it's not contributing to the bottom line.
Operator: And we'll go next to Pat Walravens with JMP Securities.
Unknown Analyst: This is Matt Spencer in for Pat. I noticed that you added 6 key executives in the past several months. Just wanted to get you maybe to talk a little bit about where those folks came from, whether it's easier, in general, to get those types of candidates now, and what the other roles that you're looking to fill are?
Michael A. Brown: Sure. I'm excited about each one of what these executives brings, and then the combination's really improved our capabilities. So starting with Thomas, who joined us last March as CFO. We announced just several weeks ago, John Gannon, who's leading the Information Management business as an Executive Vice President from HP. Thomas, long time at AMD, as you recall. Amy Cappellanti-Wolf, who joined us as Head of Human Resources from Silver Spring and Cisco. Jeff Scheel, who joined us recently to head up Corporate Development, aligns within Strategy, joins us from FireEye, Mandiant, HP, ArcSight before that. Adrian Jones, who heads up sales for Asia Pacific, and will be our Worldwide Leader for Security Sales. He also joins us from Oracle, HP. And we're excited about the improvements that APJ has seen since he's been on board. And then very significantly, Balaji, who will be joining us, Balaji Yelamanchili from Oracle, who'll be joining us starting next Monday, and he'll be leading our Enterprise Security Products organization. So I couldn't be more pleased with the additions we've made. In terms of whether it's easier, I think it's easier given the improved momentum, and I think having a permanent CEO has been important in the recruiting process, to be honest with you. In terms of what we're looking for, going forward, I think the team is pretty well complete at this point. We're searching right now for someone to lead our Services business as a General Manager. Such an important area for our growth in the future, and we haven't had that organized as its own business. So that's the search that's underway.
Operator: And we'll go next to Nikolay Beliov with Bank of America.
Nikolay Beliov - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I was wondering whether you can -- you're willing to share some of your preliminary thoughts on once the company separates in 2, in Security and Storage, what will the strategies be of the new companies? And Security specifically, around network security, and in the Storage business around this latest trend in the market that instead of [ph] getting multiple backup copies and data replication copies, you have one golden image of the information and what the implication of whatever the new strategy is going to be around M&A.
Michael A. Brown: Okay. Well, we've talked briefly about the strategies. If you look at some of the material, I believe it's on the investor website too. On Unified Security, I'll cover it very briefly, but these are the strategies that we would expect each of the businesses to go forward with. So starting with Unified Security. It's all about building this intelligence platform that takes advantage of the threat telemetry and global footprint that we have. So that's the first thing, and that will be an area of investment for us. Second is the growth in services that we talked about. And third has to do with what we do with the product portfolio to both simplify and integrate, and the integration here is not about suites of products. It's about integrating ATP and DLP capability across more of these products at the various control points. So that's, in a nutshell, is what we're thinking about for Security. On the Information Management side, it starts with improving the foundational products that we have. We're talking about NetBackup, the Appliances, Storage Foundation. We talked about some of those improvements in the prepared remarks today. It continues with what we can do to improve total cost of ownership, which really gets to your question about the number of backup copies that are floating around enterprises, so it's really going specifically to that point. And then, it's also taking advantage of the end-to-end visibility we have of seeing the life cycle of information. And we've got a development underway that we've talked about, called Information Fabric, that will allow IT professionals to see what data they have, where it's located, how it's protected and so forth. In terms of M&A activity, I would expect that we're going to continue to be looking at where we can enhance the portfolio. We need to be selective as we look at those opportunities. So I would expect that to be complementary technologies. We don't need to buy revenue at Symantec, so we're going to continue to look at those. That is under way at this point. And so I would expect we would be able to engage in some M&A activity even before the separation is complete.
Helyn Corcos: So operator, I believe we're at the top of the hour, so that will be it for questions today.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back to our speakers for any closing remarks.
Michael A. Brown: Thank you very much for joining us.

===== 2015 Q1  (2014-08-06 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Helyn Corcos - Vice President of Investors Relations Michael A. Brown - Interim Chief Executive Officer, Interim President and Director Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Nikolay Beliov - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Stefan Putyera - Barclays Capital, Research Division Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Patrick D. Walravens - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Gray Powell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division James Moore - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Symantec's First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Helyn Corcos, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please, go ahead.
Helyn Corcos: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our call to discuss First Quarter 2015 Earnings Results. By now, you should have had that opportunity to review a copy of our earnings release and supplemental information. We've also posted a presentation that complements our prepared remarks. If you have not reviewed these documents, they can be found on the Investor Relations homepage. A copy of today's prepared remarks will be available on the website after our call is completed. Participants on today's call are Mike Brown, Symantec's Interim President and CEO; and Thomas Seifert, Executive Vice President and CFO. This is a live call and will be available for replay via webcast on our webcast. I'd like to remind everyone that we provide year-over-year constant currency growth rates in our prepared remarks, except for statements about net income and EPS. All references to financial metrics are non-GAAP unless otherwise stated. Also, implied billings refer to revenue plus a change in sequential deferred revenue, and we provided a trended history of this metric in our supplemental information. To provide more meaningful insight on Symantec's results and enhance investors' ability to compare our performance to our peers, we implemented a new non-GAAP policy which reduces the number of potential adjustments to GAAP measures. Effective in the June quarter, our non-GAAP financials were adjusted for the following items: stock-based compensation expense, charges related to amortization of intangible assets, certain other income and expense items that management considers unrelated to the company's core operations, and the associated income tax effects of these adjustments. As such, we've provided a historical compare for this change in our supplemental information for you to update prior years in your model. I would also like to take this opportunity to highlight a few dates for you. Thomas will be presenting at the Citi Technology Conference on September 3 in New York, and we intend to announce our second quarter earnings on November 5. Please note, non-GAAP financial measures referenced during this call are reconciled to their comparable GAAP financial measures in the press release and supplemental materials posted on our website. Today's call contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current date, and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information. You will also find a detailed discussion about our risk factors in our filings with the SEC and, in particular, in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 28, 2014. And now I'd like to introduce our Interim CEO, Mr. Mike Brown. Go ahead, Mike.
Michael A. Brown: Thank you, Helyn. And good afternoon, everyone. We had a solid first quarter with revenue, operating margin and EPS all meeting our guidance. We're pleased with the progress we're making on our 5 priorities that I outlined last quarter, and with the momentum that is building in our business. We achieved implied billings growth of 3% year-over-year and positive revenue growth ahead of our entire internal plan. Our separation of the sales force into new business and renewals teams has led to improved performance, especially in North America. In particular, our federal and renewals teams both delivered one of their best quarters ever. Our Backup Appliances, Trust Services and Data Loss Prevention businesses generated robust revenue growth. In the last 2 quarters, we've introduced nearly 2 dozen new or improved products, and we're on track to release almost 2 dozen more by fiscal year end. These results give us a great deal of confidence in our team's ability to execute our plan, and we're excited about the considerable opportunities Symantec has to improve our growth and profitability. Turning to our previously defined 5 priorities for fiscal year '15, namely: number one, managing our businesses as a portfolio and optimizing certain businesses for margin; number two, investing for growth in our enterprise businesses; number three, reducing costs and improving efficiencies through 8 initiatives; number four, attracting talent to our executive team; and number five, returning significant cash to shareholders. I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing the progress we've made on these. We've already begun operating some of our businesses for margin, which is our first priority. As we discussed on our last earnings call, we formed a new consumer group for our Norton-branded products, which is allowing us to drive even higher margin in this business, and we will begin reporting our consumer business as a separate segment next quarter. We're simplifying our offerings with the beta release of Norton Security and Norton Security with Backup, and we're streamlining our channel strategy by exiting certain high-cost and unprofitable retail markets and OEM deals. In addition to these cost reduction efforts, in early June, we introduced Norton Small Business, our first Norton offering for small businesses, and we're selectively pairing headcount to match a more simplified business. During the June quarter, we also saw strong renewals and improved business activity in our Storage Foundation and Cluster Server offerings, which is the other business we are managing for margins. As we discussed last quarter, we continue to work on divesting a few businesses that don't fit either our growth or margin objectives. We will provide an update when we have transactions to announce. Our second priority is focusing our resources on the areas where we see the most potential for meaningful growth. We continue to shift R&D dollars from our more mature businesses into areas we have prioritized for growth, which include Backup Appliances and selected Security businesses such as mobile, advance threat protection, Managed Security Services and Data Loss Prevention, or DLP. Our backup business performed very well during the quarter, with Backup Appliances growing 35% year-over-year. We nearly doubled the capacity of our enterprise backup appliance from 76 terabytes to 148 terabytes, allowing us to target the upper mid-market of the enterprise segment and effectively double our addressable market. We also released Backup Exec 2014 in early June. This offering delivers powerful, flexible and easy-to-use backup and recovery to protect the customer's physical, virtual or hybrid environment for a mixture of applications and operating systems and differentiates us from most competitors. In our Security business, our unique differentiator is that we track roughly 4 trillion threat indicators from hundreds of millions of mobile devices, endpoints and servers across the globe, a footprint unrivaled in the industry. The enormous volume and diversity of our data allows us to significantly reduce the number of false positives that seriously compromise the operational value of so many competitive products. To that end, we launched our managed Advanced Threat Protection, or ATP, service in the June quarter. By triangulating threat indicators from our Endpoint Protection and third-party network security products, this service provides more comprehensive threat detection. Early traction for our managed ATP service has been very positive, with several early adopters since its May launch. In June, we introduced our managed incident response service, which provides emergency on-demand service to help customers recover from a breach. Since our launch, 36 customers have engaged us to help triage live incidents. We'll extend our strength in Managed Security Services by launching 2 additional services in the fall. First, our managed adversary and threat intelligence service will offer customers a much deeper understanding of specific threat actors and attacks. Second, we believe we're the only company that will offer a cloud-based hands-on cybersecurity simulation that customers can access from anywhere and engage in realistic training scenarios that approximate customers' data center environment. As we discussed on our last call, we will also provide our Advanced Threat Protection capabilities for both protection and response in products for Endpoint, email and a threat defense gateway. The first offering in this series will be an ATP threat defense gateway that we expect to introduce by the end of this fiscal year. In addition to embedding our ATP solution into several of our security offerings, we're extending our market leading Data Loss Prevention capabilities as well into our Endpoint, email and data center security products. By integrating DLP functionality into these areas, we will provide customers with complete visibility, consistent policy enforcement and unified governance of their information. To that end, during the June quarter, we released DLP 12.5, which reduces the deployment footprint for customers from 5 servers to 1, lowering both deployment and maintenance costs. Turning to our third priority, we are focusing on 8 initiatives to drive revenue and improve cost efficiencies. While Thomas will discuss our 4 efficiency initiatives that will contribute to margin expansion during the second half of our fiscal year, I'd like to briefly describe our 4 revenue initiatives. Our first 2 revenue initiatives are focusing on improved -- improving new business and renewals productivity to help achieve better economics and greater coordination among the sales groups. Our third initiative, license compliance, reduces complexity for customers so they don't fall out of compliance, and we have begun to see results particularly in North America with our fourth initiative, pricing optimization, which incorporates customer feedback and market dynamics into transparent market pricing policies and more efficient selling processes. We're confident these revenue initiatives will drive top line growth in support margin expansion. We expect to build on the momentum we achieved in the June quarter during rest of fiscal year '15. We are on track to continue to grow revenue during the second half of the year and reach our operating margin target of 30% by the fourth quarter. Turning to the fourth priority of attracting top talent to our executive team, we made 2 key executive hires since our last call: first, we hired an Asia-Pacific and Japan sales leader, Adrian Jones, in June; and second, a Chief Human Resources Officer, Amy Cappellanti-Wolf, in July. Adrian has experience managing a $2 billion multiproduct technology business across APJ at Oracle. Amy has led various HR teams at Cisco, Walt Disney and Frito-Lay. We are excited about their experience and the energy they've already brought to the team and look forward to their continued contributions. Our CEO search is proceeded on schedule. The search committee has received strong inbound interest, and has a ready met with a number of highly qualified candidates. The committees is in the process of narrowing the field to a handful of executives and is vetting the finalists among those. We expect the board to be considering the finalists this month, and it's our goal to make an announcement by the end of September. We will continue to return significant cash to shareholders as we've done in the past, which is our fifth priority. Thomas will detail our June quarter dividend and share repurchase activities for you. In summary, I'm pleased with the progress we've made on our 5 priorities. Before I turn it over to Thomas, I want to take a minute to highlight our unique competitive advantages. In Information Management, we have the largest backup and recovery business, with 30% market share of this multibillion dollar market. We've enabled customers to purchase NetBackup as an integrated appliance, which is a high growth market. In fact, our integrated backup appliances market share group from 0% to 38%, to the #2 spot in just under 4 years. Going forward, we're moving our products to the cloud to complement the strength we already have in our cloud-based archiving business. In Security, our global footprint gives us access to threat indicators from 200 million endpoints, 1 billion systems, 8 billion email messages and 1.4 billion web requests a day. We also track reputations of about 4 trillion files and application. Symantec is the only company in the world that operates a civilian cyberintelligence threat network of this scale and depth. This volume and diversity of data and the ability to analyze it is unrivaled in the industry. This allows us to provide faster and better protection for customers through all of our product, including Endpoint Protection, data center gateways, threat gateways, mail and web gateways. Additionally, we offer a host of cybersecurity services to complement our extensive product portfolio in order to better protect our customers. This competitive advantage continues to yield high profile successes with customers and law enforcement. For example, it was critical in assisting major law enforcement agencies to recently catch and shut down global-scale threat operations including Dragonfly, which threatened energy grid operators and major electricity generation firms in North America and Europe; and CryptoLocker, which enabled hackers to encrypt and lock PC files to extort ransom payments. Symantec is at the leading edge of these efforts because we know more about what's happening to more systems worldwide than any other company. In conclusion, we had a solid quarter. We are making steady progress with our 5 priorities, one of which is our 8 revenue and efficiency initiatives. Our business is showing positive momentum, and we are confident in our revenue and margin targets for the fiscal year. Now I'll turn it over to Thomas to provide a review of our financial results and guidance.
Thomas J. Seifert: Thank you, Mike. And good afternoon. As Mike noted, we had a solid quarter with our key financial metrics exceeding expectations. This was driven primarily by productivity improvements in both our new business and renewals team, in addition to newly launched offerings. This also marks our third consecutive quarter of an improving year-over-year implied billings trend as we posted positive implied billings growth one quarter ahead of our internal plan. We're making progress in driving our priorities and are well on our way to achieving our fiscal year revenue and margin targets. Now let's move to our June quarter results, which included an extra week of activity versus the normal 13 weeks. Revenue of $1.74 billion was up 2% year-over-year on an as-reported basis, our first quarter of revenue growth since we reorganized our sales force. This was driven by strength in our Backup Appliances, DLP and Trust Services businesses, as well as strong performance by our North America and federal sales teams. Year-over-year implied billings and enterprise subscription revenue growth improved sequentially this quarter. Implied billings was up 3% year-over-year, and our enterprise subscription, which excludes Norton revenue, grew 7% year-over-year, accounting of 16% of total revenue. Moving now to business segments. Our User Productivity & Protection segment was flat year-over-year at $740 million, as growth in Enterprise Endpoint Protection was offset by continued weakness in Endpoint Management. Notably, our efforts to simplify our Norton offerings and shift more resources to our direct-to-consumer channel helped drive margin expansion. GAAP operating margin for this segment was 36%, up 1 percentage point year over year. Next quarter, we'll begin reporting a consumer security segment and enterprise security segment and continue to report our Information Management segment. The Information Security segment increased 2% year-over-year to $345 million, driven by continued growth in our Trust Services and DLP businesses and offset by weakness in our mail, web and data center security businesses. We are pleased with the early traction we have seen with our MSS-ATP service and continue to invest in this business. GAAP operating margin for the segment was 20% compared to 7% in the year ago period, driven by increased revenue, and more importantly, lower sales and marketing spend. The Information Management segment was flat year-over-year at $650 million. Continued growth in NetBackup and Backup Appliances was offset by weakness in Backup Exec. We are pleased with our strong renewals activity in the quarter. GAAP operating margin for the segment declined 9 percentage points year-over-year to 14% due to increased appliance revenue and higher R&D and marketing spend for newly launched offerings, some of which were unique to this quarter. Moving to gross margin. Growth in our lower margin hosted solutions and appliance businesses drove the 30 basis point year-over-year decline in gross margin to 83.3%. Our operating expenses were 2% higher year-over-year. We increased our R&D spend while decreasing expenses in sales and marketing and G&A. This resulted in an operating margin of 24.6%. Net income of $313 million resulted in fully diluted earnings per share of $0.45, up 2% year-over-year. We remain committed to returning capital to shareholders and return a total of $229 million during the June quarter via share repurchases and dividends. $104 million was in the form of cash dividends for shareholders and $125 million was used to repurchase 6 million shares at an average share price of $20.71. We have $533 million remaining under the current stock repurchase authorization. Cash flow from operating activities totaled $293 million, down year-over-year, driven by a onetime tax deposit of $104 million related to a previous year IRS audit, offset by higher collections. We expect cash flow to be up year-over-year for fiscal '15 as we return to normal seasonality in the second half of fiscal year '15. Capital expenditures were $92 million, up year-over-year as we invested in our IT and cloud infrastructure. As such, we expect CapEx to be front-end loaded in fiscal year '15. Before I review our guidance, I'd like to discuss our 8 revenue and efficiency initiatives, which are ramping nicely and are tracking according to our plans. Last quarter, we created a project management office with detailed work streams to focus on the opportunities we have identified to reduce cost and improve revenue. Three of our revenue initiatives, which Mike discussed, pricing optimization, renewals and license compliance, contributed to our results in the last quarter. We expect 3 of our efficiency initiatives, namely optimizing our Norton business, streamlining product support and reducing our global footprint, to ramp during the second half of fiscal year '15. Along with our sales force productivity and R&D capacity improvement initiatives, we expect these initiatives to build momentum into next year. We expect to provide a more detailed update on these initiatives next quarter. For the September quarter, we expect revenue between $1.6 billion to $1.64 billion which is flat sequentially after normalizing for the extra week and in line with our typical seasonal trend. Implied billings is expected to grow year-over-year. We expect operating margin to increase sequentially to between 25.1% to 25.9%, resulting in an EPS in the range of $0.40 to $0.44. We are pleased with the momentum we experience in the June quarter and we are reiterating our full fiscal year guidance. We expect modest implied billings growth during the second half of fiscal year '15. And having exceeded first quarter guidance gives us even more confidence in our fiscal year target, and we expect revenue to grow year-over-year during the second half of fiscal year '15. We expect operating margin to ramp sequentially and is on target to reach 30% by the fourth quarter. As I mentioned earlier, our efficiency savings will ramp through fiscal year '15 and is expected to benefit operating margin during the second half of fiscal year '15. Having said that, for the fiscal year, we expect revenue in the range of $6.63 billion to $6.77 billion and operating margin between 27.7% and 28.2%, and EPS between $1.84 and $1.92. In conclusion, I am pleased with our solid June quarter results and with the progress we are making on our 5 priorities and our 8 revenue and efficiency initiatives. And with that, I'll turn it over to Helyn to begin taking your questions.
Helyn Corcos: Thank you, Thomas. Glenn, will you please begin polling for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Thomas, I'm curious now that you've been there for a little bit, if you could just give us your perspective on the areas that you see the biggest operational areas for improvement on the cost side.
Thomas J. Seifert: Yes, a very good question. So as we said, we started to work on our initiatives in the previous quarter, set up a project management office that tracks really in a very detailed manner all the initiatives we have identified. On the cost saving side, there are 4 initiatives, as we said. The first one is really to optimize the Norton business from a footprint and from an offering perspective, really exiting expensive retail operations and going to a more direct-to-consumer channel. We have seen already impacts from this in the first quarter, and it's going to build momentum in the second half. So very good progress. And really I would say, on this initiative, ahead of expectations. We're using our global footprint as an initiative that has a lot of value in terms of complexity costs, but this is an initiative that will show impact towards the end of this fiscal year, and with that, also taking a lot of momentum into next fiscal year. Streamlining product support is an important initiative for us, really streamlining today a very fragmented support operations, and also not only taking costs out but also improving customer experience in this process. Also an initiative with some runway, so we'll see a positive impact from that initiative right in the second half and Norton already in the second quarter. And then it's also about increasing our R&D capacity in terms of efficiency, moving more products faster through our R&D pipeline. This is much more productivity topic, and the gains we expect to lift there are going to be reinvested in productivity and portfolio, and will not contribute so much to the margin improvements we talked about.
Operator: We'll go next to Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Two questions. First, for Thomas, you saw some changes to the margins in a couple of the segments there. You saw the Storage business deteriorate a bit and you highlight some of the drivers and you saw some improvements on the Information Security side. Can you help us understand sort of sustainably what sort of trends we should see in that business as we look at those segments -- or in those margins as we look at those segments going forward?
Thomas J. Seifert: Yes, a very good question. On the Information Management side, it was really driven to a large extent also by singular events. We had higher R&D marketing spend around our product releases. And to be very honest, we also digested not an insignificant amount of severance charges in this segment, and in accordance with our policy to not GAAP this out anymore, it had an impact on margin. And then last not least, our Appliance business grew significantly, and it has a lower margin and is therefore dilutive to our overall efforts. And then that's why you saw the deterioration. So I would say, most of it is a onetime effect and we should see margins stabilize in this segment moving forward. On the Security side, it was good progress from a revenue perspective. And as we said, a deferred positive effect from taking our costs down in the marketing and G&A segment.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then just for Mike...
Thomas J. Seifert: From an improvement perspective, sustainable moving forward.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. And for Michael, just on the CEO search, it sounds like you're getting closer there. I wonder if you can provide an update. As you have kind of gone through some candidates as to what sort of background or what sort of characteristics in a CEO you're looking for as the process has gotten to this point?
Michael A. Brown: Sure. Walter, I don't think that's changed. The criteria, I'll just repeat it for you, was: number one, looking for someone that had products experience from some aspect as closely related as possible in the technology space. So that doesn't mean necessarily someone from the security or storage segments in particular, but in as closely related fields as we can get. Second would be the experience operating at a global scale multi-products business. Because, of course, that is Symantec. Third, a collaborative leadership style, which addresses the concern that we've talked about before with our previous CEO. And then fourth, and ideally, experience as a public company CEO. So that's still the criteria. We've got from the finalists, candidates that meet all of those, and we have candidates where we're looking they may not meet all of those but they might be outstanding in 1 or 2 of those. Good progress of the search, as evidenced by the fact that we're expecting to announce the choice by the end of September.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I was wondering, Thomas, if you would be able to quantify the impact of the extra week on the quarter for this quarter. And then more broadly, looking to the back half of the year, should we be expecting further headcount reductions as we go through the year? Or have most of the headcount reductions been accomplished already and it's more about just more operational efficiency of how you operate the business?
Thomas J. Seifert: Yes, so let me start with the extra week question first. It's difficult to determine exactly how much the extra week is worth, but our best estimate at this point is that it contributed about $100 million of revenue and it was slightly accretive to margins. On the second question, we look at our business. We evaluate it for efficiencies, and we'll take the necessary measures as soon as we identify them. So I could not exclude that some paring is going to be needed once we move further along the progress of our efficiency initiatives.
Michael A. Brown: But I think you could say that any reductions will be driven by what we see as a better process following along those initiatives that we talked about as opposed to reductions to hit a certain target. That's not the way we're approaching this.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And if I could sneak in just one last one. In terms of how we should be thinking about the gross margins on the going forward basis, it sounds like some of the initiatives that you guys are seeing a lot of success are slightly lower gross margin businesses like the NetBackup Appliances. It sounds like you guys are seeing a lot of success with some of the Managed Services businesses. So should we be expecting lower gross margins on a go-forward basis that are offset by just even lower OpEx contribution, to make operating margins go up into the back half of the year?
Thomas J. Seifert: That would be too simplistic in my opinion, because the revenue initiatives that Mike mentioned are driving gross margin in a not insignificant manner. If you look at our license compliance program, if you look at our efforts to increase our renewal rates, lots of progress. But there's still some room left to get to benchmark levels. And then don't forget the pricing initiatives that we have talked about, which is not about raising prices but getting a higher net effective price in our P&L. And those are measures that are not necessarily driving costs down but just enlarging the operating margin pool.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Nikolay Beliov with Bank of America.
Nikolay Beliov - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Thomas, you mentioned that the outperformance in the quarter was due to a combination of new business renewals and new products. Is it possible to stack [ph] rank as to the effect of this for us, please?
Thomas J. Seifert: I would say half and half. That's the best guess I would have at this point in time. We saw good progress on some of the initiatives that Mike mentioned, and I pointed out that we saw a 1% margin improvement year-over-year in the Norton business because of the initiatives we tried. And then we also we saw significant business momentum as Backup Appliances was up 35% year-over-year. Our Trust Services business, our DLP business was up year-over-year, and we made good -- continue to make really good progress also on smaller numbers in our mobile segment.
Nikolay Beliov - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And one question for Mike. If you can give us an update on the search for a Chief Product Officer and what type of background and skills you're looking for, for that person.
Michael A. Brown: Sure. We're continuing to look at attracting a more talented executive team. And for this position, we're looking for someone that really is responsible for product strategy across the products. So frankly, some of the same characteristics we talked about for the CEO would also apply for the Chief Product Officer.
Operator: And we'll go next to Raimo Lenschow with Barclays.
Stefan Putyera - Barclays Capital, Research Division: This is actually Stefan sitting in for Raimo. The first one, can you talk a little bit about how you're approaching the process to divest products and maybe how you're balancing the priority between the overall impact on revenue and margin profile longer term?
Michael A. Brown: Sure, this is something that Thomas and I looked at in the first few months as we took a look at the portfolio to say which ones are contributing to our growth goals, which would be to get back to growth that is equivalent to what's happening in the market for each segment and then which products are contributing to our margin goals; we recognize that some of our businesses are more mature and have terrific margin characteristics but are not going to be the sources of growth. We've identified what those are. And if the businesses didn't contribute to either of those, then they were a candidate for divestiture. So obviously, we can't talk about which decisions we've made because we are in the process now of figuring out what's the right disposition for those assets. But that's the process that we've undertaken.
Stefan Putyera - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it. And then just a quick follow-up on, it appears that sales productivity...
Thomas J. Seifert: Maybe one addition to that answer. We don't expect any impact from those initiatives in this fiscal year. So any impact from accelerating growth because we take businesses off that are dragging us to date, that is not reflected in the guidance numbers we gave.
Stefan Putyera - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it. And then if you guys could touch a little bit on sales productivity, it appears that it improved a little bit. Actually it improved significantly over the previous quarters. But can you talk a little bit about how that compares to what sales productivity was before you guys made the sales reorganization in Q2 last year, and kind of how that's tracking versus your kind of a longer-term fully ramped expectation?
Michael A. Brown: Sure. I think if we went back to the September quarter a year ago, there's been tremendous focus on the separation of the sales force into new business and renewals as well the specialization of the new business to focus either on our Security business or Information Management business. So those changes, obviously, are now well behind us. We're still doing some coverage optimization by account, but folks obviously are well into their new positions, and we're seeing the result of that because the pipeline is building for us. We see very robust pipeline as we look towards the second half of the year, especially in North America. There are several other aspects to sales force productivity, which probably have not been reported on, and that's a fact that we've made a big investment in what we call enablement, which is really giving the sales force better tools, access to realtime information about product roadmaps and competitive selling plays, so that they can have that with them at all times. So less time spent researching that within the company, given the large product breadth that we have, and more time in the field working directly with customers. And then what we have talked about, which is a very important part of productivity, is the Channel program. So we're partway through what's been a many-month enrollment with our Channel partners, and we received very positive responses from those Channel partners that we consider to be high-value as opposed to those who commoditize products. Registrations in North America from Channel partners were up 14% year-over-year, so we're pretty pleased with the progress we're seeing on our Channel program. So I'd say it's a combination of those things that make up sales force productivity.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Philip Winslow with Crdit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I just have a question on the headcount side, and also it sort of relates back to your expenses and just your expectations this year. We start to see headcount creep back up following the restructuring you guys had. Last Q2, it's sort of more than half, sort of, the net reductions been added back. When you look at the business, and you're talking about the operating efficiencies, I mean, how should we think about sort of headcount and sort of OpEx expectations going forward? Because obviously, on the consumer side too, you have the lower OEM fees. So how do you kind of net those 2 out and prioritize? And then just one quick follow-up to that.
Thomas J. Seifert: Yes, good question. So the headcount additions, about slightly more than 200, were primarily in 2 areas: in product and services, so R&D and product development; and in IT. IT is about setting up our cloud infrastructure, but also in-sourcing a certain amount of contracts that we consider rather expensive. So we will see a trade-off between internal headcount buildup and the reduction in contractors and money spent. So it's part of the initiatives to optimize our cost structure, and we'll have offset points moving forward in operating expenses.
Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. And then along those lines too, you've previously talked about sort of the 5 priority goals, revenue growth and margin expansion. When you look at new CEOs, and obviously, you have a new CFO too, I mean, how do you, I guess, sort of put the waiting there in terms of priority? Obviously, you guys wanted to do both, but where is there lower hanging fruit? Is it on the revenue side, is it on the margin side? And how would you prioritize the new CEO coming in, the focus?
Michael A. Brown: Well, I'd say we see some low-hanging fruit on both sides. That's why the initiatives are balanced between revenue and efficiency or cost. So as we've said before, the 30% operating margin is closer within reach, as we talked about achieving that before we end this fiscal year. And as you can tell from the comments that we've made, the products that are already seeing traction, the reprioritization of R&D dollars, we're very focused on getting the portfolio to be growing. We're pleased that we had the first quarter of positive revenue growth and the last 4 -- it's the first quarter we've had that, in the last 4. And we continue to make changes so that in our second half, as we've already said, we will continue to see revenue growth. So again, we see opportunity in both areas. And we're going after both aggressively.
Operator: And we'll go next to Pat Walravens with JMP.
Patrick D. Walravens - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Mike, some investors and some of the industry analysts think it's too late for Symantec to catch up in the Advanced Threat Protection area. I'm sure you disagree with that. But key points can you potentially make to respond to that?
Michael A. Brown: The key point that we would make has to do with our global footprint and all of the telemetry that we collect from that footprint, which is why I spent a little time in my prepared remarks talking about how big that footprint is. So the hundreds of millions of endpoints that we see, the 4 trillion threat indicators, the billions of files that we track reputations on. When you put all of that together and you're able to correlate the data that comes from a network firewall -- we're working with third parties there -- our own products and that source of telemetry, we believe we're going to have a much more comprehensive capability there. So we believe that will allow us to, as soon as the product is available and the service is available today as we're talking about, that's going to allow us to, we believe, both provide more comprehensive threat protection and reduce the number of false positives. Because one of the things that we've heard from customers is: It's great that someone has identified all of these threats, but if you identify too many of them, you overwhelm our staff so we don't know which ones to focus on. So that actually increases the possibility that you're going to be breached. So this concept of layered or tiered protection is really important. And we can offer that through a variety of technologies, ATP just being one of those, and through the products that we offer that have many of the different access or control points in an enterprise. It's definitely not too late.
Patrick D. Walravens - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Great. And can you quickly address the headlines about the Chinese government? I'm not sure if you've hit that already. I just heard...
Michael A. Brown: I don't think we talked about that yet. There have been some media reports which as of today, for us, are unconfirmed, that we're not listed among approved vendors on the government procurement list. As you can imagine with the situation in China, just as there would be in the United States, there are many procurement lists. So there's no single list to be on. As far as we understand, there's no national ban on use of some of our products. I think I saw that in someone's blog, but that is not true. Of course, this doesn't affect our Information Management or Storage products, which is most of our business in China today. So we're going to try and get to the bottom of what is the source of this. I think we'd all recognize that this is a problem a lot of U.S. technology companies are seeing. A number have been in the headlines in recent days, this is just something we're going to have to follow up. I think maybe my last comment here would be that China is a very important growth market for us. We're going to continue to support all our customers in China and we expect it to be a source of growth for us in the future.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I'm curious. A lot of the best-of-breed security and storage vendors have been doing very well recently. I'm curious if you can give us your perspective on customer buying behavior between best-of-breed vendors and vendors like yourself that can consolidate spending.
Michael A. Brown: Well, I think the security market is always a balance of both of those. We believe we have best-of-breed in a number of technology areas, DLP would be one example of that. In fact, our DLP product, you might know, has more market share than the next 3 competitors combined. So we bring best-of-breed, but we also have a very broad global footprint. So I think our customers find that of value. Which isn't to say that they are also not -- they're also buying some best-of-breeds for particular technologies. We're playing a bit of catch-up right now in ATP, as we've talked about. So I think you're going to continue to see that because there's continued advancement in the threats and then new technologies to combat that. We're in that game. Our competitors are in that game. So there will be some leapfrogging there. But I think overall, we're pretty pleased with the position of having a combination of best-of-breed, plus the most broad footprint.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That's great. And I think you commented on the federal spend this quarter. I'm curious to get your expectations embedded in your third quarter guidance for the September U.S. federal end.
Thomas J. Seifert: I don't want to go into specifics segment guidance. But I think we are rather pleased with the momentum we have seen in the North American markets in the first quarter and from the bookings and the pipeline information we have, which was about as robust as it has been for many, many quarters. We think that the second quarter will continue that trend.
Michael A. Brown: We have a new sales leader there who's really doing a terrific job, so I expect the combination of what he's able to provide -- you probably know one of our board members used to be the head of U.S. Cyber Command. So we're trying to pull together those collective contacts and leverage what he's done, our sales leader for federal, to make sure that, that continues to be a growth area for us.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from James Wesman with Raymond James.
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: It's Michael Turits on James' line. A question, guys, on the UPP side. Is it possible to pull out the extra week and talk a little bit about performance? Because obviously, it was very strong on a sequential basis. And somewhat, those trends were positive or negative. I mean, give a little bit of detail a little bit more going forward on what your thoughts are on what to do on the consumer side?
Thomas J. Seifert: Yes, so I think it's safe to say that Norton is part of our UPP business. It's much more subscription-based model and therefore benefited more from the additional week than other businesses. I gave an approximate number for the overall benefit for the company. I don't want to break this further down into individual segments. But as I said, Norton benefited to a larger extent because of its business model.
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then a little bit more on your thoughts on how to optimize that margin going forward.
Michael A. Brown: Yes, for the Norton business, there's are a couple of different factors we think to improving the business: number one, as we've talked about, is reducing the number of our offerings even though we've expanded by this quarter offering Norton Small Business, for the core consumer, the number of offerings we expect to come down overtime to basically simplify what a user experience will be. We're increasing what we're doing with the direct-to-consumer e-commerce channel. So we're going to be spending our money there to acquire customers as we reduce what we're doing in OEM and retail and we eliminate some unprofitable geographies that we were in and unprofitable OEM deals. So in general, we'd expect that our Norton business will have very slowly declining revenue as profitability increases. On the enterprise side, that's a market that is growing in the mid-single digits. That's very comparable to what our business is growing at, and we expect that we're able to improve that business over time by incorporating new technologies. We will -- over time, as we get into the next fiscal year, incorporate Advanced Threat Protection technology and DLP, Data Loss Prevention technology, into our Endpoint solutions. So I think that's going to be a boost for our Endpoint business in the enterprise. In addition, we also expect that to leverage our mobile growth, because mobile device management capability we're also going to be providing to our Endpoint customers, which makes it that much easier for the broad footprint we have with enterprise Endpoint customers to be able to buy our mobile workforce productivity suite.
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And if I can, one last question, just on license. License is still weak. It's one of the few numbers that was down more sequentially from the time or year-over-year than it had been. I mean, any thought on when that flattens out, and what are the dynamics are there?
Thomas J. Seifert: Yes, so you have to keep in mind on license revenue that we had a really hard compare to the year before period in which sales incentives drove a very high level of activity ahead of the sales organization. And that's the primary reason why you saw another trough. Otherwise, the progress we see, from a billings and from a pipeline perspective, is good. But on the License side, this was really a tough compare.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Gregg Moskowitz with Cowen.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Michael, as you noted, you recently released Backup Exec 2014. Can you talk about your expectations from that product as well as whether you think you're perhaps getting closer to stabilization of that business?
Michael A. Brown: Yes, we're pretty enthused about what we've seen with early feedback with Backup Exec 2014 because it gives us a much higher quality, more feature-rich version. And we believe that some of our channel sales, which is the primary channel for Backup Exec, had actually slowed in anticipation of this new release; though we're anticipating that, that will pick up now that we've released Backup Exec 2014. As you know, we just released that into the month of June, so there's only a few weeks in the quarter when that was available. So we've optimize performance over previous versions, so it's up to 100% faster backup and dedupe speeds with this. And it's also reduced administration time with what we believe is a cleaner and easier to use interface. So the combination makes it a much stronger product, much higher-quality, much faster performance.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Great. And then just secondly, I guess, if you could update us on how you're thinking about M&A over the balance of fiscal '15.
Michael A. Brown: Sure, as we've talked about before, we do expect M&A to be part of our strategy going forward, but I wouldn't expect that to be out in front of both the CEO announcement and the discussion that we would have if you about how we view our longer-term strategy. So that means you won't see any significant M&A announcements before we're having a discussion of new leadership and strategy with you.
Operator: We'll go next to Gray Powell with Wells Fargo Securities.
Gray Powell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I don't think we've seen an updated breakdown between the various products within each segment in about 18 months or so. And I don't want you to go into too much detail, but can you break down your revenue into sort of the main buckets? I mean, specifically those buckets that you're investing in like the Backup Appliances, mobile and DLP versus the stuff that you're optimizing and then components that are non-core. And then just broadly speaking, what is the growth rate between those components that you're investing in, the stuff that's being optimized and that which is non-core?
Michael A. Brown: Okay. Well, let me give that a shot. So the assets that we've talked about that we're optimizing for margins is our Norton business, and the information availability business, in particular, our Storage Foundation, Cluster Server. That business actually includes a few more products, but those are the largest once there. So those we're optimizing for margin. About 1/3 of our revenue in our last fiscal year came from growing areas where the markets are growing more than 5%: Trust Services; Backup Appliances; Managed Security Services; DLP; Enterprise Endpoints; and Mobile. And a couple of those were very fast growth. Backup Appliances and Mobile, we've already talked about. Mobile, 76% growth year-over-year. Backup Appliances I think we're going 50% year-over-year if we look at fiscal year over fiscal year comparisons. And Managed Security Services, double-digit growth. So that's where the growth areas are that we're investing in for the future. If you added ATP capability to that, you'd have a large number of the areas. There are a number of other additional areas, some of which we talked about from time-to-time, that don't account for any revenue, that could be big winners for the future. Probably it's premature to talk about those, but it's just important to note that the areas that I cover today aren't the only areas where we're making investments.
Operator: We'll take our last question from Daniel Ives with FBR Capital Markets.
James Moore - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: This is Jim Moore in for Dan Ives. So you mentioned a lot of strength in North America. And I was wondering if you could maybe talk a little bit about the other regions? What you're seeing there, and maybe what you're seeing if anything changed since the restructuring?
Michael A. Brown: Yes. North America was very strong for us and Latin America was as well. I think what we're seeing across EMEA is good. It's not quite as robust as North America. And I'd say Asia Pacific Japan is an area we see a lot of growth potential. We mentioned a new strong leader that we have in that region. So I believe that we'll be seeing more growth coming from APJ as we get into the second half. We actually had tremendous strength in India in APJ. That grew at a phenomenal rate for us. So we're pretty pleased with the overall business environment, but we have to say it's strongest for us in North America.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back to our speakers for any closing remarks.
Michael A. Brown: Thank you, very much, for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-05-08 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Helyn Corcos - Vice President of Investors Relations Michael A. Brown - Interim Chief Executive Officer, Interim President and Director Thomas J. Seifert - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Brad Alan Zelnick - Macquarie Research Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital, Research Division Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Aaron Schwartz - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Gregory Dunham - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Symantec's Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Helyn Corcos, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Helyn Corcos: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our call to discuss fourth quarter and year-end earnings results. By now, you should have had the opportunity to review a copy of our earnings release and supplemental information. If you have not reviewed these documents, they can be found on the Investor Relations homepage. A copy of today's prepared remarks will be available on the website after our call is completed. Participants on today's call are Mike Brown, Symantec's interim President and CEO; and Thomas Seifert, Executive Vice President and CFO. This is a live call and will be available for replay via webcast on our website. I'd like to remind everyone that we provide year-over-year constant currency growth rates in our prepared remarks, except for statements about net income and EPS. All references to financial metrics are non-GAAP unless otherwise stated. Also, billings refer to revenue plus the change in sequential deferred revenue. I would also like to take this opportunity to highlight a few dates for you. Thomas will be presenting at the JPMorgan Technology Conference on May 19 in Boston. We decided to push out our Financial Analyst Day to a later date, most likely after our permanent CEO is onboard. And we intend to announce our first quarter earnings on July 30. Please note, non-GAAP financial measures referenced during this call are reconciled to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure in the press release and supplemental material posted on our website. Today's call contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current date and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information. You will also find detailed discussions about our risk factors in our filings in the SEC and, in particular, in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 29, 2013. And now, I'd like to introduce our interim CEO, Mr. Mike Brown. Go ahead, Mike.
Michael A. Brown: Thank you, Helyn, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to report that we delivered revenue at the high end of guidance for the fourth quarter and exceeded guidance on operating margin and EPS. Two primary factors drove those results. First, we implemented the right changes to our go-to-market capabilities in fiscal '14, and we've seen improvement in year-over-year billings trends in each of the past 2 quarters, as expected. Second, we made progress reducing costs and, as a result, improved operating margin by 160 basis points, with a path of further expansion ahead. Building on the momentum achieved in the fourth quarter, we expect to make further progress in fiscal '15. We plan to deliver revenue growth during the second half of our fiscal year and achieve operating margin of 30% by the fourth quarter. I couldn't be more excited about our growing markets, our industry-leading products and our world-class talent. We operate the largest civilian threat intelligence network; track a vast number of threats across the Internet; and continuously collect new telemetry from hundreds of millions of mobile devices, endpoints and servers across the globe. We leverage this telemetry to provide advanced intelligence and protection for customers, and we also help customers manage more technologies with greater efficiency in any computing environment. However, as we look at our businesses, we see several areas where we believe Symantec can do better. We can better leverage our substantial assets in security and information management. We can exercise more discipline in how we prioritize where we invest, and we can go much further with expense management. In the new leadership team's first 40 days, we've taken important steps to strengthen our organization and accelerate the pace of our transformation. The increased rigor and focus we're applying to the business sets the right course for maximizing the value of our unique assets. We are focused on 5 priorities as we start fiscal '15. These include: number one, optimizing our businesses based on life cycle and growth potential; number two, prioritizing investments for growth in our enterprise businesses; number three, further reducing costs and improving efficiencies across the company; number four, rounding out our talented executive team; and number 5, continuing to return significant cash to shareholders. We are moving forward with these plans concurrent with our CEO search and the board and the management team are completely aligned with these priorities. There is substantial opportunities for us to improve our growth profile, maximize profitability, and enhance our market positioning, and I'm confident we have the right team and plans in place to achieve our objectives. Now, I'll spend a few minutes outlining our 5 priorities in more detail. Priority 1, optimizing our businesses based on life cycle and growth potential. We are methodically evaluating every product line to balance our profitability targets against our growth objectives. Some of our businesses are ideal for improving operating margin, while others are best positioned for growth. The businesses we plan to optimize for margin tend to be more mature with lower growth potential. We plan to deploy these savings and prioritize our investments against our growth objectives in Symantec's most promising areas. We believe this approach will generate better returns and improve the long-term growth profile of the company. We are applying this approach to our $650 million information availability business, which includes Storage Foundation and Cluster Server, and our $2-billion Norton business, given where these businesses are in their life cycles. These mature world-class brands have tremendous assets that we can prudently manage for the significant recurring cash streams they generate. We can also optimize them for margin expansion while we build on their market-leading positions through continuous innovation. We're forming a business unit for the Norton-branded products under Fran Rosch's leadership so that we can execute more efficiently on the unique characteristics of this business. We believe we can enhance the franchise value while also improving the margin and cash generation of the business through more focused leadership. For example, we're optimizing the e-commerce direct-to-consumer channel in order to expand operating margins in this highly profitable business. Additionally, our optimization initiative will also identify selected product lines to prune that don't fit either our margin or growth objectives. Priority #2, prioritizing investments for growth. We are prioritizing investments for growth in our Enterprise backup, Storage Management and Security businesses. With our global scale and broad set of technologies, we are uniquely positioned to address complex and rapidly evolving enterprise needs across Security and Information Management, irrespective of device or platform. We are leveraging these advantages to accelerate growth in our Enterprise businesses. Our fast-growing Enterprise businesses today include mobile, which grew 76% year-over-year, and NetBackup Appliance, where revenue grew 27% year-over-year. We are also seeing growth in Trust Services, data loss protection, Managed Security Services and in Business Critical Services. In backup, where we are the market leader with 30% market share and growing at a rate that has outpaced the market for the past few years, we will continue to drive innovation in NetBackup and bring to market differentiated appliances where we've got the fastest-growing backup appliance in the industry. In Storage Management, we're investing in promising technologies such as software-defined storage, object storage and disaster recovery as a service, all of which we believe will be multibillion dollar markets. In Security, we're expanding our focus from prevention to detection and response to solve the advanced threat detection problem in a differentiated way. This week at our users' conference, we launched a new advanced threat protection service, Symantec Managed Security Services Advanced Threat Protection, to connect Endpoint Security to third-party gateways, significantly reducing the time and cost of detecting, prioritizing and responding to security incidents. This is part of our commitment to building an effective security ecosystem for customers. In addition, we'll be offering an industry-leading advanced threat protection solution, which integrates protection across the gateway, email and endpoint to deliver better multitiered security. This offering includes Synapse, a new capability that integrates telemetry data across endpoints, gateways and email to reduce false positives and operating cost for customers. Since we see opportunity to invest within target areas of our Enterprise business, we shifted resource funding within our R&D budget to put more dollars behind the most promising market opportunities. As part of this, we've also canceled a few future programs on our product roadmap to focus and invest more in areas we've just identified. We will continue to invest in our industry-leading point products while delivering new, innovative and integrated solutions. In addition to organic investment, we will opportunistically evaluate acquisitions that strengthen our capabilities or add new capabilities that fit our strategy and growth objectives. Priority #3, further reducing cost and improving efficiencies. We will continue to drive operational efficiencies and reduce costs. Last year, we reduced our sales and marketing costs by more than $300 million. We've already made significant progress on this front by reorganizing the sales force, changing the roles of our direct sales reps to focus on only new business, with a specialization in selling either Information Management or Security. We've also launched our centrally-managed renewals team, which is focused on adding value by extending the customer relationship and making it easier to renew and do more business with us. Our improving billings trend is a proof point that our sales realignment is yielding results. We've also launched our redesigned partner program, which consolidates multiple programs under one framework and introduces performance-based incentives with more investment and fewer partners. As a testament to our progress, we were named Computer Reseller News' 5-star Partner Program winner. However, there is more opportunity ahead. We have begun several new initiatives to further optimize our cost structure and improve efficiencies. Some of our expense reduction initiatives include consolidation of our global footprint, our data centers and product support. We are also streamlining the way we run our businesses with initiatives to increase R&D efficiencies and sales productivity, as well as optimize the economics of our channel program. We are confident these initiatives will not only drive margin expansion but will also enable our organization to be more efficient and, therefore, support top line improvement. With these initiatives in process, we expect to reach our target operating margin of 30% by the end of this fiscal year. Priority #4, rounding out our executive team. We are now operating with a strong team of talented business and technology leaders, and we will continue to round out our executive team. As part of this effort, we are running an active search for a Chief Products Officer. While I'm serving as interim CEO, the board is leading an active process to find a permanent CEO. We have retained Russell Reynolds as our executive search firm. The board's ideal candidate will have the following attributes: understanding of the technology landscape, expertise growing a multiproduct business at scale and a strong record of collaborative leadership. Priority 5, returning significant cash to shareholders. We will continue to return significant cash to shareholders, as we've done in the past. Over the past 10 years, we've repurchased over $10 billion of our shares. In fiscal '14, we returned 90% of our free cash flow, or $918 million, to shareholders. In fiscal '15, we expect to return significant cash to shareholders in the form of dividends and share buybacks at a similar level to fiscal '14. We're confident that the changes we've made to the business in fiscal '14 and the initiatives currently underway position Symantec to capitalize on market opportunities, drive growth and margin expansion and deliver sustainable shareholder value. Now I would like to briefly address our views on long-term growth. The company had previously guided to greater than 5% revenue growth and better than 30% operating margin by fiscal year '17. As I have just laid out, we have a clear path to achieving 30% margins by the end of fiscal '15. Regarding growth, we are taking actions and prioritizing investments to accelerate growth given the markets we're in and the assets we have. We expect to return to revenue growth during the second half of fiscal '15 and expect to build from there. Greater than 5% revenue growth is firmly on our roadmap, and we will provide updates on our growth trajectory and progress as we implement our initiatives. In conclusion, we believe we're on the right track to accelerate growth and position the company for success. By focusing on our 5 priorities, we will continue to build a stronger, more valuable Symantec in fiscal '15. We operate in growing markets, and we have significant competitive advantages and world-class brands that we can leverage as we move forward. Before I turn the call over to Thomas, I'd like to introduce him. We're so pleased to have Thomas join our executive team. He brings a wealth of operational and finance experience from a number of global technology companies. We're confident he will provide the strong leadership required to drive the successful transformation of the company, and he has already begun doing so. Thomas?
Thomas J. Seifert: Thank you, Mike, and good afternoon. I'm very pleased be speaking with you all today. I joined Symantec with a belief that this was a great opportunity to grow and improve a leading technology company. And now, 40 days into my role, I'm confident that this is the case, and I'm excited about our future prospects. I also look forward to meeting many of you in the coming weeks and establishing an ongoing dialogue. Let's move to our results. We are pleased that both our new business and renewals teams drove significant improvement in fourth quarter results, as reflected in the second consecutive quarter of an improving year-over-year billings trend. We also made progress in expanding operating margin and reducing costs in fiscal '14. And we see further opportunity to streamline our operations in fiscal year '15. In addition, we believe the reorganization of our sales force into new and renewal teams and the redesign of our partner program will drive improved revenue and profits going forward. Let me provide some details on the full year '14 financial results. We delivered revenue of $6.7 billion, in the high end of our guidance; a year-over-year decline of 3% as we completed the implementation of our go-to-market changes. We reduced expenses, which drove operating margin expansion of 160 basis points in fiscal year '14 to 27.5% and exceeding guidance. Sales and marketing expense decreased more than $300 million and, as a percentage of revenue, declined from 39% to 35% in fiscal year '14. Now switching to the business segments. In fiscal '14, our User Productivity & Protection segment declined 3% to $2.87 billion. Strong performance in our Enterprise, Endpoint and Mobile business was offset by continued weakness in Endpoint Management. Enterprise Endpoint Protection grew mid-single digits in the fourth quarter, in line with the market. And GAAP operating margin for this business was 37%, up 3 percentage points year-over-year due to lower sales and marketing spend. The Information Security segment increased 1% to $1.3 billion. Continued growth in our authentication and DLP business were offset by weakness in our mail, web and data center security business. GAAP operating margin for the segment was 14% compared to 3% in the year-ago period, driven primarily by lower sales and marketing expenses. The Information Management segment declined 4% to $2.5 billion. Continued growth in NetBackup was offset by weakness in our Backup Exec and information availability offerings. GAAP operating margin for this segment was down 4 percentage points year-over-year to 23%, partially due to growth in our lower-margin appliance and hosted businesses. As expected, deferred revenue declined 6% year-over-year to $3.9 billion as a result of our September quarter billing shortfall. However, the year-over-year billing trends improved for the second consecutive quarter. Cash flow from operating activities was down year-over-year, driven by severance payments and the impact of lower collections on billings, and totaled $1.28 billion. We returned $918 million to shareholders via share repurchases and dividends, which was about 90% of our free cash flow during fiscal year '14. We returned a total of $480 million in cash dividends to shareholders, and we spent $500 million to repurchase 21 million shares at an average price of $23.87, reducing our common stock outstanding count by 3%. Symantec has $658 million remaining in the current board authorized stock repurchase plan. Let's turn to the fourth quarter results. Our solid fourth quarter performance was led by better results from our sales teams and expense reductions. As expected in the March quarter, revenue declined 6% to $1.65 billion, driven by the billings shortfall in the September 2013 quarter. Both year-over-year billings and license revenue growth trends improved sequentially this quarter. While license revenue declined 12% year-over-year, it improved 15 percentage points sequentially from the December quarter and 19 percentage points from the September quarter. Enterprise subscriptions, which excludes Norton revenue, grew 4% and accounted for 15% of total revenue. Lower customer support expenses primarily drove 40 basis points of gross margin expansion year-over-year to 84.1%. Net income of $329 million resulted in fully diluted earnings per share of $0.47, up 7% year-over-year, driven by benefits from our organization's simplification initiative and reduced spending in sales, marketing and vendor services. Cash flow from operating activities for the March quarter totaled $449 million, down year-over-year, driven by lower billings and severance payments. Now I'd like to review guidance for fiscal year '15. We have identified specific levers that can drive margin expansion and accelerate revenue growth. In fiscal year '15, we will increase investments in our higher-growth areas while optimizing certain businesses for operating margin. We expect operating margin to be 20 to 70 basis points higher in fiscal year '15, and we expect 30% operating margin by the fourth quarter by implementing efficiencies across the company's operations. We've created a project management office with detailed work streams to focus on the opportunities we have identified to reduce costs and improve revenue. Some of these include specific levers that will improve new businesses and new renewal productivity, consolidate our global footprint and data centers, streamline product support and optimize product pricing. Year-over-year billings growth is expected to return in the second quarter as we approach 1 year since reorganizing our sales force. We expect year-over-year billings to grow at a moderate rate during the second half of fiscal year '15. We also expect revenue growth to be flat for the full year compared to fiscal year '14, driven by modest revenue growth returning during the second half of the fiscal year. Revenue growth will be supported by several factors, including improved direct and renewal sales activity and early benefits from our channel programs and new product launches. We've deployed a new planning process that enabled us to align priorities in quotas and other sales resources earlier, which allows our teams to get off to a fast start in fiscal year '15. As a result, revenue is expected to be between $6.63 billion to $6.77 billion. Operating margin is expected to be between 27.7% to 28.2%, resulting in EPS in the range of $1.84 to $1.92. We expect cash flow from operations to grow in fiscal year '15 and CapEx to remain flattish to fiscal year '14 levels. We'll continue to return approximately $900 million of cash to shareholders in the form of both dividends and share repurchases. Turning to the June quarter, it should be noted that our first fiscal quarter has an extra week and ends on July 4, 2014. Both revenue and deferred revenue, excluding the extra week, are expected to be down seasonally in the June quarter. Note that the year-ago June period was very strong since it was a standalone sales incentive quarter, encouraging a high level of sales activity ahead of the sales reorganization in July 2013. As such, for the June 14 quarter, we expect revenue to be between $1.65 billion to $1.69 billion. We expect operating margin to be between 24.1% to 24.5%, resulting in EPS in the range of $0.41 to $0.43. We've increased our marketing spend in the June quarter to launch our exciting new branding campaign, which supports our product and go-to-market initiatives. Based on the initiatives we are pursuing and the opportunity we see in our markets, we are confident we are on the right track to improve the potential for our business and the value for shareholders. And with that, I'll turn it over to Helyn to begin taking your questions.
Helyn Corcos: Thank you, Thomas. Operator, will you please begin polling for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Walter Pritchard with Citigroup.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Thomas, I'm wondering if you could talk a bit about cash flow expectations for 2015? You did see a pretty significant decline in cash flow in 2014. You're looking for, generally, stabilization, it sounds like, in the business in 2015, and I'm just wondering if that should translate into stabilization in cash flow as well?
Thomas J. Seifert: Yes. Very good question. Cash flow was down year-over-year in '14, primarily driven by the severance payments we had, and by a collection of billings shortfall because of the sales transformation we went through. Those were, we think, 2 onetime hits. And based on that, we would expect cash flow -- free cash flow to go up year-over-year in '15.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Great. And then just a follow-up, I guess, for both of you. You're new to the call here. Mike, you're on the board, but both of you didn't sort of own what was happening before. And the guidance you're giving here, I guess, is probably better than I was expecting and better than others were expecting for fiscal '15. And I know you -- it's built on detailed plans and so forth, but just wondering, how much room are you leaving yourselves here in the guidance? It seems like you could have guided probably 5% lower than this, and people wouldn't have been that surprised. Trying to get a sense of how you're thinking through that and how conservative or aggressive this guidance may be.
Thomas J. Seifert: Yes. Let me get started and then, Mike, take over. It's a very good question. So I think we planned -- we spent the first 40, 45 days of our time here really methodically looking and going through the company in terms of opportunities, especially deploying a plan for the fiscal year that takes into account the potential that we see in the company from an asset, from a scale, from an employee engagement perspective, but also looking really in an honest and objective way in the improvements that we think we can make. And while the targets are ambitious and they are completely in the realm of the possible -- I mean, we both have significant experience in looking at things from an efficiency perspective. And I think we applied good judgment in setting the right targets, but making sure that they are achievable.
Michael A. Brown: Yes. If I can just add, I think the key for us was making sure that we get the investments targeted to the fastest-growing opportunities. So we took this time to assess not only product line by product line, but also the R&D investments to make sure that the product lines either meet a growth objective or a margin objective. And then for our future investments, those in R&D, we really aggressively shifted within the existing R&D budget to make sure we targeted those at the most promising opportunity. So a lot of opportunities that I talked about got more investment, and a lot that I didn't talk about got less or were eliminated. So I think that the combination of the things that we talked about give us confidence that the plan is very achievable.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Michael, one of the biggest questions we all get is on the products. And I'm just curious if you could just give us your perspective on, as you look out this next year, what you see in the pipeline that you're most excited about? And I guess just from new products, we were hoping to see more around our -- say, in your user conference this week, and maybe we didn't hear everything as loud and clear as we should have. So I was wondering if you can just give us a quick update. And then I had just a quick follow-up for Thomas.
Michael A. Brown: Sure. So we're really investing in 3 critical areas, and I'll talk briefly about each one, Backup, Storage Management and Security, probably no surprise that those would be the areas. In Backup, of course we continue to release new appliances. We want to build on that growth. As we said, we're the fastest-growing appliance company in the market, and we want to continue to build that because we've got the best integration between the software and the hardware. We have a new release of Backup Exec coming in July, and we've got a new release of Enterprise Vault coming. Moving to Storage Management, we've got our first offering of disaster recovery to the cloud, and that happens to be an offering for Microsoft. So that's called Disaster Recovery Orchestrator, and that's to the Microsoft Azure cloud. I'm also particularly excited about what we announced in Security. So there's 2 key offerings, one service and one product, and this really is taking advantage of the multiple technologies that we have to go after, signature, behavioral, heuristic technologies, so we have a multitiered protection against threats. With the service in particular, we're integrating with third parties. So third-party gateways. Check Point, Palo Alto Networks and SourceFire, which is now part of Cisco. So we're going to be able to use the information from their gateways and coordinate that with what we would get from the endpoints to provide customers with better protection. And there's 2 key technologies within that, or 2 key offerings. One is incident response. So we're going to help customers be able to respond better, not just protect them but also -- not just detect, but also protect and respond; and then managed adversary information. So one of the things that we've seen is the number of targeted attacks is way up. In fact, it's doubled from last year to this year. So we can actually help our customers understand who is driving the attacks for them, and that's very critical if you're, for example, a financial services company, who's targeting you. And then the solution coming later this year that we announced, our advanced threat protection solution really has the best correlation, we believe, out there between the content -- the telemetry content that is endpoint, mail, web and gateway. So the key to this is that a lot of products that are out there today deliver a lot of false positives, and that really doesn't help customers because you have the tremendous cost and time of responding to all those false positives. So the Synapse technology really is able to deliver a verdict of you really have a security incident you need to respond to or you don't. So we're pretty excited about those offerings.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just a quick follow-up on the 300 basis points of margin improvement in the next fiscal year. I guess, with all the product components on the roadmap, you still feel like you can deliver all these new products while delivering -- improving operating margins. I think there was some concern that perhaps, should you put the margins on hold to really double down in driving innovation to the top line? But I guess the way you're messaging is that you can deliver both at this point.
Thomas J. Seifert: Yes. I think that's a very good question and a very important point to make. Let me try to differentiate where we increase investment to drive growth and where we look at efficiencies in order to get in a better cost position. And most of the efficiencies across topics we drive are outside of our R&D organization. And because of that, we feel confident that we can go after both dimensions pretty much in parallel.
Operator: And we'll go next to Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wanted to keep on a similar theme of the prior 2 questions, and kind of better understand what you guys are seeing in the business that frankly your predecessor, Steve Bennett, didn't. I mean, 2.5 months ago, Steve was at our TMT conference talking about how we need to increase investment for growth and how you needed to sort of get the products in place to get that growth. So what did you guys see in particular that was so different than what Steve Bennett saw? Because frankly, a lot of guys saw him as pretty good at optimizing assets and creating efficiencies within businesses as well.
Michael A. Brown: I'd say, to boil it down, it's probably 2 key things. The first is we need to make more choices. There's a lot of opportunity at Symantec, so we don't see that any differently than Steve did. But we need to be smarter about the choices we make of where to invest, and this process that Thomas and I talked about, in terms of systematically looking at each product family, is telling us not only where to invest but where not to invest. And in fact, we're going to be pruning some of the product lines. I talked about some product families that don't meet our growth or margin objectives, and I also talked about products that we canceled. So we can't detail those for you here, but there's significant change within where we're investing in. And then the second is probably a more macro point, which is really focusing the growth on Enterprise. So as we talked about before, the Norton consumer business is a fantastic business for Symantec. And in fact, it shares a lot of the technology, of course, for endpoints, the same basic technology secures consumer endpoints to the Norton brand as it does the enterprise to the SEP products. And the key realization for us is, it probably doesn't make sense to invest in what we had been doing within Norton. I'll give you an example. We had made a number of investments in what I'll call, "non-core" to the Norton business, extending into services and other what we thought could be brand extensions, where we've not been successful. So it's time to realize that and make sure that the business is focused where it can be successful, which is providing the best premium consumer endpoint security. There's other examples within Norton of what we can do to create more efficiency, which has to do with the channel strategy, really focusing on the e-commerce or direct-to-consumer channel and not going after as heavily retail or OEM. So I guess the key difference is where we choose to invest, and we're clearly saying here, great business in the consumer Norton brand. But the growth for Symantec in the future is going to come from the Enterprise businesses.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. And if I could sneak in one follow-up. In terms of the areas that you're not investing or you're optimizing, should we be expecting headcount reductions that are going to come along with that optimization? Is there going to be some type of formal restructuring to get those efficiencies?
Michael A. Brown: Well, there's no company-wide reorganization, company-wide employment implications from this. But as you might expect, as you change investments, particularly if you're canceling a product line here and there, that could have some employment implications. But not on the scale of something that would be cross-company.
Operator: We'll go next to Brad Zelnick with Macquarie.
Brad Alan Zelnick - Macquarie Research: My first question is for Mike. Mike, I was hoping maybe you can share a little bit more about your progress in the search for a new CEO. And I think in the past, I heard that public company experience is one of your criteria, but yet I didn't hear you mention that in the list of criteria that you shared with us. And also, in parallel with the CEO search, can you maybe comment on what other options the board might be considering to create value?
Michael A. Brown: Okay, let's start with the CEO search. I think we're making some good progress on that. As we announced, we've hired Russell Reynolds as our search firm on that, and the search committee of the board has been formed and is already meeting to work on the progress there. The qualification of being a public company CEO, clearly we'd like that as part of our ideal list, but we're going to look broader than that to find the best possible candidate. So that's one of the criteria that we will look at. But as you could see, the list is broader than that. And then your question about what other options the board would be considering, the board periodically evaluates what changes in configuration might make sense for the business to create more value. And I would expect that as we go through this period, no different. We'll continue to be open minded about what we need to be looking at there.
Brad Alan Zelnick - Macquarie Research: And just for -- one for Thomas. Thomas, I believe you said in your prepared remarks that you expect billings to return to moderate growth in the second quarter as the comps ease. But if I look at historical revenue yield trends and I look at the full year expectation that you've set, it would imply that bookings next year would need to be up high-single digit in order to achieve the revenue guidance. So my question is what product roadmaps are in flux? And going into this year, you have a headwind from terminating the Norton-HP relationship. What should we expect to drive this kind of growth? And specifically, are you expecting a significant rebound in product and license revenue to get there?
Thomas J. Seifert: Well, first of all, the prepared remarks talked about the second half of the year, not the second quarter, and that's a fine but important distinction. It's driven by a couple of things. As we said before, new product launches is a part of it, but also the changes we have made to the channel and channel management. And some of the work streams that we have started to target specific areas where revenue will be impacted. For example, the licensing side. For example, our pricing initiatives. So we'll see improvement coming from this direction without even having to depend on new product launches only.
Michael A. Brown: Brad, if I could just add, your question said that -- well, new product roadmaps are in flux. Actually, I think we've achieved more clarity around what products we really want to be investing in and what we don't. So I wouldn't expect that to impact the rate of progress as we deliver new products. In fact, my expectation is it should accelerate getting the products out. We're much more focused on which ones are the most important.
Operator: And we'll go next to Raimo Lenschow with Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Two quick ones. First, there were a lot of questions on the changes in the business, but can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing out there in terms of business environment? I saw all the regions had relatively similar growth rates, but maybe some more granularity here? And my follow-up will be like what -- if the new CEO comes in now -- I mean, what are -- I mean, you have a kind of pretty solid plan of what you want to achieve there. What kind of flexibility does he have then?
Michael A. Brown: I think in terms of business environment, we saw that it was a fair business environment for the fourth quarter, with probably more strength driven by some of the emerging markets. Obviously, Asia, Latin America as an example, and tougher markets here in North America and Europe. And then Thomas gave some commentary obviously in terms of what we saw segment by segment. You want to add anything on [indiscernible]?
Thomas J. Seifert: No, I think the important thing to point out, independent of what happened in the market, and the market was good, is that we saw the recovery across the important trend lines, pretty much across all of our organization more or less. And I think that was an important topic to point out. With respect to the initiatives and the CEO, maybe I'll just continue and then Mike jumps in?
Michael A. Brown: Sure.
Thomas J. Seifert: So we are convinced that the steps that we are taking are right for the company from an operational perspective and very likely going to be accepted by a new CEO. This would be my comment.
Michael A. Brown: Yes, Thomas. That's exactly right. I mean, the things that we're doing, we think, makes sense to anyone coming in as CEO. The board is going to be flexible and collaborative to work with the new CEO and what they would like to see, but we see these as really foundational elements that would help us accelerate growth and continue our progress on margin. Any CEO is going to be interested in those things.
Operator: And we'll go next to Phil Winslow with Crdit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just want to focus on the topic of Enterprise. Obviously, you said that was going to be a focus going forward. And if you look at the billings growth over the past couple of quarters -- or a decline, I guess it got better this quarter, maybe you expect it to improve in the second half of this fiscal year. But when you look at the sales force, maybe give us sort of report card of sort of where you are right now with the changes? What worked? What didn't work? And what are the things you might be changing as we enter the new fiscal year?
Michael A. Brown: Sure. I think the changes we made last year were the right ones, laid the right foundations. So just to review, I think splitting the sales force into new business and renewal teams, we're very happy with that. And while it was a difficult move to make, we feel like that one is behind us. We also think the specialization, those folks calling on -- within IT, specialized on Security or specializing on Information Management is also the right call, given the breadth of the product portfolio that we have. And then the channel program changes, very important to make sure that we're a lot more focused on the channel partners that are delivering the biggest part of revenue to Symantec. So the channel program, rather than a one-size-fits-all, is really tailored for those channel partners who become certified and expert in products. And obviously, they benefit from that in terms of their economics, even though we still will be very broadly distributed by folks who don't what to go through certification like that. So I'd say all those changes are ones that we believe are the right moves, and we're glad that those are behind us at this point. As you mentioned, the billings trend, while not positive yet, is certainly a proof point that we're starting to get some traction. And I think that in -- what's in front of us this year will be much more minor changes. We'll expect that we're going to still invest in sales force productivity, which basically means tools and optimizing the performance of the sales organization. So there's still some of that work to do, but very minor compared to what we went through this past fiscal year.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Aaron Schwartz with Jefferies.
Aaron Schwartz - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Maybe a follow-up question on the product side. I know you're not sort of characterizing this as a reset on the product side, but you definitely are emphasizing certain products over others. How do you ensure that your customers don't see sort of a wait-and-see approach given the transformation they went through last year and then some disruption on the sales relationship side over the summer, and now sort of a message that you're going to emphasize certain products you make, some that are -- divest other products. I mean, how do you sort of maintain that continued purchasing pattern out of your customer base?
Michael A. Brown: Well, it's interesting because I spent some time earlier this week at our user conference. And I think one of the things that you hear from our customers is, "You're a complex organization to do business with in terms of the number of products you have. It's difficult to understand everything that Symantec offers." And I think we need to simplify that, both for our field and, as we talked about, what we're doing in our products organization. So I think these changes are going to be welcome. We're taking in mind of course, when we do any pruning, what products are those that are extremely widely used and which ones have we been offering for some time that frankly are not that widely used and don't meet a margin or growth goal. So I don't view that customers will see this as a reset but a bit of simplification of what we're doing. And I think most of them will feel that that's a very positive step for us.
Aaron Schwartz - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. Second question, if I could. If we look at the growth on the User Productivity segment, that sort of decelerated through the year, and that does have higher margins of all your business segments. Is the growth trajectory through the year just a timing factor for what you went through with the billings? Or are there any changes in renewal rates or anything more that you can help us out with on the User Productivity trajectory? And how much of a headwind is that for your margins next year if that continues to decelerate the way it has?
Michael A. Brown: Well, I think one of the issues with this segment is that there's very different product lines that are within the segment. So if you start with the Norton business as an example, which is categorized in this segment, you've got something that's very profitable. But obviously, the headwind there is PC unit shipments. And I wouldn't expect that, even though we've got some initiatives underway, to be able to streamline what we're doing there, improve our renewal rate as an example, simplify the number of solutions we offer through Norton from 7 down to 2 as an example. We're still going to face those headwinds, so I'm not expecting that to change. On the other hand, we've got some businesses that are growing quite nicely there. Our Endpoint business, or security for endpoint in the enterprise, is growing nicely. That was growing at single digits during the fourth quarter and has very good prospects going forward. And then Mobile is also within that segment, and it was the fastest-growing business we had, at 76% year-over-year growth. And we're -- that's one of the areas where we continue to invest and add functionality in the whole mobile workforce productivity suite that we offer. So very different businesses all in that -- or families all in that segment.
Operator: And we'll go next to Mark Grant with Goldman Sachs.
Gregory Dunham - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Actually, this is Greg Dunham. I've gotten a lot of questions given the management changes and really, the changes underneath Steve over the course of the last year. There is significant changes at the operational level and concerns regarding the continuity of the business with where the business was maybe 1 year or 2 ago. Can you maybe address that concern? And specifically, given that dynamic, what kind of gives you the confidence that you can get back to accelerating growth in the back half?
Michael A. Brown: Greg, let me make a comment and then you can tell me if I'm on target with your questions. I think one of the issues with Steve's management was we saw too much executive turnover. So that was one of the reasons that the board felt like we needed to make a change. That's now stabilized. I don't think that we've seen that have that large an impact in terms of the business continuity going forward. Was that your question?
Gregory Dunham - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes. I mean, in regards to when you're trying to optimize the business, if you have a lot of new people here that have only been here in the past 12 months, maybe you don't know all the -- you don't have the same level of visibility to how the business can perform necessarily going forward, and the comfort level that you have that, that kind of institutional knowledge is there, that you can access to then make the right decision.
Michael A. Brown: I'd say 2 things. First of all, I'm very impressed with the level of talent that I see in the company. Some of that talent is new in the last 12 months, as you say, but we have a lot of folks here at Symantec who've been here a number of years. And obviously, their additional experience with the business is very helpful as we take a look at it. I think you also wanted some commentary about the growth in revenue, second half?
Gregory Dunham - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes. Well, the back half. It sounds like there's pricing from product cycle dynamics and some easier compares that give you the conference that you'll return to growth in the second half. Is that a fair assessment?
Michael A. Brown: Yes, I think -- there's a number of factors, and you're hitting on them. I mean, one is, as we come up on the one year since we reorganized the sales force and the traction that we talked about earlier, that's going to be important. The channel program, getting that launched and rolled out is important. A number of the efficiency initiatives that we talked about are really about the top line. It's improving renewals rates, sales productivity and pricing. So we believe there's an opportunity through those to get revenue moving in the right direction without regards to the new products. But then we add to that, as I talked about before and won't repeat here, a pretty strong product pipeline also coming. So I think the combination of all those is what gives us confidence that we can both improve the margins, as we talked about, and get the company growing again.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Gregg Moskowitz with Cowen & Company.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions. There's a recent article getting a lot of attention, where one of your executives has said that, "Antivirus is dead." I just wanted to get your official thoughts on that. And then secondly, a clarification. You mentioned, Michael, that you're going to be pruning some product lines. I'm wondering if you're still planning on moving forward with each of the 10 new key product areas that had been previously identified. And also, if you can provide an update on the cadence of those offerings.
Michael A. Brown: Sure. Yes. So I think one of our executives was surprised at how well that comment was covered. I think the key on the antivirus comment, which was reported as, "Antivirus is Dead," is really that antivirus alone is insufficient. That might have been more accurate, and that in itself is no news. So I think as we'd all recognize, antivirus is a key part of a multilayered endpoint security approach. So signature-based antivirus, we estimate today, catches about 45% of the threats. And then you've got to add other technologies to block those other threats; behavioral, reputation-based detections. And the good news is Symantec has already, for years, included more than antivirus, both on the consumer Norton side, as well as the Enterprise Endpoint side. So an interesting perspective that certainly got widely picked up, and I think it only tells part of the story. Let's see. The 10 new offerings. So we made some progress on those integrated offerings and in fact, delivering on 3 of them here in FY '15. Mobile workforce productivity that we talked about earlier in the call, our fastest growing product family, and something that we will continue to improve the functionality of and offer as a suite. And then the 2 security offerings I would point to: the Service -- Managed Security Services that we talked about before, integrating the information from third-party gateways; and then the HEP [ph] solution that's coming later in the year. Those were all 3 of the original 10. And then you asked for any of them not going forward. I really can't comment at this point, ahead of us announcing anything on a particular product line as to what's not moving forward.
Operator: We'll take our last question from Michael Turits with Raymond James.
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: A follow-up on the sales force reorg side. Obviously, when the sales force changes were made, they were ones you said were moving the right direction, but there's a lot of disruption. Where are we in terms of recovering to your target level of productivity relative to the sales force?
Michael A. Brown: Well, I'd say, Michael, that we made a lot of progress. We're pretty pleased, both with having made those structural changes and then how people are adapting to those, meaning that people are clearly focused in a dedicated way on new business, as well as renewals. And then we also see that there's productivity left to go. So that's what -- one of the efficiency initiatives that we've identified has to do with sales productivity. And so that part is really tools. One of the things that's pretty exciting to see is that we're now able to give folks in our sales force the complete look of products, competitors, future roadmaps. That's all available to them in real time on their mobile device. So that kind of tool we never had at Symantec before. It all goes to making sure that the sales force can spend more time with customers instead of working through issues, back-office issues here at Symantec. So we're pretty pleased with that. But as I'm indicating, there's a little bit more to do both in terms of productivity, as well as fine-tuning performance. If you had to say, "How much of the change is behind us?" I'd certainly say a tremendous amount. I don't know whether that's 75% or 80% but...
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I could give you the classic, "What inning are we in?" question, if you like.
Thomas J. Seifert: Yes. Let me make one more comment because I think you asked for a milestone. How do we judge progress? And getting back to positive growth, both on the billings as well as on the revenue side in the second half, I think, is an important milestone for us to reach. That shows that the productivity is getting in the right space. But without any doubt, what Mike said is true. We have more room for improvement, and this is what we will be focused on moving.
Helyn Corcos: Wonderful. Thank you. Gwen, I think we are done.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's question-and-answer session and today's Symantec conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-01-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Helyn Corcos - Vice President, Investor Relations Steve Bennett - President and CEO Don Rath - Vice President and Interim CFO
Analysts: Walter Pritchard - Citigroup John DiFucci - JP Morgan Greg Dunham - Goldman Sachs Brent Thill - UBS Aaron Schwartz - Jefferies Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Brad Zelnick - Macquarie Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good day. And welcome to Symantec's Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Helyn Corcos, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Helyn Corcos: Good afternoon. And thank you for joining our call to discuss our third quarter 2014 results. With me today are Steve Bennett, Symantecs President and CEO; and Don Rath, Vice President and Interim CFO. In a moment, I will turn the call over to Steve to review our quarterly results and provide a strategic overview. Then, Don will provide highlights of our financial results, as well as discuss our guidance assumptions. This will be followed by a question-and-answer session. Todays call is being recorded and will be available for replay on Symantecs Investor Relations website. A copy of the press release and supplemental financial information are posted on our site. Our prepared remarks will be available on the IR site after the call is completed. Id like to remind you that we provide year-over-year constant currency growth rates in our prepared remarks unless otherwise stated. Earnings per share growth rates are provided on an as reported basis only. We use our published foreign currency rules of thumb in our guidance section for all constant currency growth rates. Some of the information discussed on this call, including our projections regarding revenue, operating results, earnings per share, amortization of acquisition related intangibles and stock-based compensation, for the coming quarter contain forward looking statements. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the statements. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties can be found in the companys most recent periodic reports filed with the SEC and assumes that Symantec will have no obligation to update any of the forward-looking statements. In addition to reporting financial results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, Symantec reports non-GAAP financial results. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP results, which can be found in the press release and in the supplemental packet. And now, Id like to introduce our CEO, Mr. Steve Bennett.
Steve Bennett: Thanks, Helyn, and good afternoon, everyone. Im pleased to report that total business activity, which includes new business and renewals, improved in the third quarter across all geographies and business segments as the critical changes we made last quarter to our sales organization began to take hold. As we told you in October, these changes created short-term business challenges. They were necessary, however, to build a foundation for sustained profitable growth. As our sales force focuses on gaining traction and building momentum, we expect it will take several quarters for us to build our deferred revenue balance and see positive year-over-year business activity. Given the significant changes we are making at the company to position us for long-term success, Im pleased with our financial performance this quarter. We expanded operating margin by 370 basis points and grew non-GAAP EPS by 13% year-over-year as lower spending and increased organizational efficiency offset the decline in revenue. Its been a year since we announced our strategy to transform Symantec to get the company on the right path for sustained long-term organic growth. To drive value for our customers and partners, our strategy is focused on three pillars. Offerings, leverage all of the companys technology assets, plus partner and acquire to deliver innovative offerings that solve important customer problems better than anyone else. Go-to-market, redesign our channel strategy and build our capabilities to improve sales and marketing effectiveness and efficiency. And third, work smart, improve execution by strengthening our processes and infrastructure so we are easier to do business with, execute with more consistency and are more efficient. To remain competitive in a fast changing market, we knew Symantec needed to fundamentally change. During the first half of 2013, we focused on planning and preparing for that change. We created the offering strategy, completely redesigned our go-to-market plans and functionalized and simplified the organization structure. For the last two quarters, weve been focused on execution, implementing these changes. In July, we made the following changes to our sales organization, split the sales organization into renewals and new business teams, changed the roles of our direct sales force to focus on new business only with a specialization in selling either information management or information security and we launched our centrally managed renewals team, which is focused on adding value by extending the customer relationship and making it easier to renew and do business with us. These were critical changes that altered the coverage model for more than 90% of our direct sales force. Now that the structure of our sales organization is in place, we are laser focused on the critical levers that drive new business and renewals. We continue to make progress redesigning our channel program. In November we unveiled our new Global Channel Strategy and feedback from our most valued partners has been positive. The strategy is built on different kinds of partner competency and designed to recognize and reward the value our channel partners deliver to customers. Partners will be rewarded for making investments that build skills that support the delivery of comprehensive solutions and improve customer satisfaction. It will substantially improve channel execution by helping us build deeper more meaningful partner relationships. We will share more details of the new partner program, what it looks like, how it is different and what it means for our partners at our EMEA Partner Engage event in Budapest in February. We also recognized that the way people, businesses and governments secure and manage information also needs to change. Customers need our help removing the complexity inherent in securing and managing their information. Customers need unified security that is multi-tier, multi-layered, integrated, automated and delivered as a service. And a new concept we have termed Information Fabric to help them effectively protect, manage and derive value from their information regardless of where it is stored, plus have control and visibility over all their data across private, public and hybrid clouds so they can better manage policy compliance -- policy and compliance. In the past we focused on winning with a strong portfolio of individual point solutions and growth was dependent primarily on acquisition. We never really integrated the technologies in a way that added value for our customers, so organic growth was not a priority. Thats changing with our new strategy. We will continue to invest in our leading point solutions. They are foundational, while at the same time delivering new and higher value added offerings that solve important customer problems better than anyone else. With our new strategy, we are executing against all three legs of the build, buy and partner spectrum. On the buy front, we plan to announce several small acquisitions over the next couple of quarters that will help us accelerate the progress of our strategy. We are focused on acquiring technology and engineering teams that accelerate our progress in delivering innovative new solutions that win in the marketplace. Core growth will become -- will come from integration and homegrown innovation. This is clearly our #1 growth priority. And these strategic tuck-ins will be slightly dilutive to our financial results in fiscal 2015. More on that as we get into the next fiscal year. On the partnership front -- offering partnership front, we are working to create ecosystems help the industry deliver both Unified Security and Information Fabric to solve these larger customer problems. It takes an ecosystem and an integrated, holistic approach because no company can do this on its own. We recently announced a partnership with Cisco to integrate technology into their Application Centric Infrastructure or ACI architecture. This partnership helps us extend our leadership into the infrastructure automation space while enabling us to dramatically accelerate our vision of unified security. We continue to work with several customers to integrate next-generation firewalls with Symantec Endpoint Protection using our Managed Security Service. This initiative is an industry first and will provide a new set of enhanced advanced threat detection capabilities that will enable our customers to automatically prioritize and provide comprehensive contextual intelligence for incidents based on correlation between network-based advanced threat detection, endpoint security, and Symantecs Global Intelligence Network. Weve delivered several important point products as we continue to execute on upgrading our leadership offerings. Storage Foundation 6.1 was released in December. It includes a disruptive new capability that abstracts in-server memory, allowing the sharing of flash storage across servers without the need for expensive storage hardware. We offer the only vendor agnostic solution providing these benefits so customers can run any storage configuration while managing performance and redundancy entirely through software. NetBackup 7.6 was released last week, which is centered on market-leading VMware support that empowers customers to protect the largest, most complicated environments. As IT organizations move to software-defined data centers, they can now simplify and automate the protection of massive and complex physical, virtual and cloud environments, which are the building blocks of a modern data center. NetBackup 7.6 is the only backup product designed for enterprise level scale, which can accommodate hundreds of thousands of virtual machines and petabytes of data while giving customers 400x faster recovery. We are also making solid progress on bringing our new integrated solutions to market. We launched Mobile App Center 4.3 this month, an important enhancement to our integrated mobile workforce productivity solution released last February. Central to this release is the Symantec Sealed program, which delivers enterprise-class security and control for both internal and third party apps on both iOS and Android operating systems. This functionality, coupled with our existing Enterprise Mobility Management capabilities and the recent release of another one of our integrated solutions, Norton Zone, enables our mobile customers to secure and access their corporate data anytime, anywhere on any device. Our strategy is the same but some of the specific offerings we announced have changed as weve learned more and our thinking has evolved. For example, last January we announced Integrated Backup as one of our 10 new integrated offerings. However, as part of our ongoing product design, we determined to incorporate Integrated Backup into the NetBackup product roadmap. So we wont launch that as a standalone offering. With regards to a couple of the other new offerings announced, Internet Security Service and Information Fabric, we think these are larger, more comprehensive and more powerful concepts that combine our point offerings, our integrated offerings plus partnerships to change the way security is delivered and information is managed in the future. Customers and partners are a critical part of the process. Feedback from key customers and partners on our multi-year roadmaps has been very positive. We also plan to share publicly a more comprehensive product strategy with customers and partners at our Vision event in early May and with investors at our Analyst event in late May. As I look back over the past 12 months, we are exactly where I expected to be at this stage of our three to five year transformation. We are executing against our long-term vision and making short-term progress as expected. We said FY14 would be a transition year and Im pleased with the progress weve made. We plan to grow earnings per share by mid-single digits and deliver more than 100 basis points in operating margin expansion for the year despite the difficult changes weve undergone. We are still focused on our 5 and 30 objectives in the FY15 to FY17 time frame. However, to drive organic revenue growth, we need to invest in our offerings and other growth enablers in FY15. We will continue to identify and eliminate redundancies and hidden factories to drive improved efficiency and better resource allocation across the company. We still need to dig our way out of the deferred revenue hole we dug this year which will impact revenue in FY15. We expect further operating margin expansion to come in the fiscal 16 and 17 as we focus on rebuilding our business activity and positioning ourselves to win in the future. And with that, thanks for your support and let me turn it over to Don to provide a review of our financial results and guidance.
Don Rath: Thank you Steve and good afternoon. Were pleased with the financial results delivered in the December quarter, given the substantial changes our company is undergoing. In the December quarter, organic revenue declined 4.5% year-over-year and revenue declined 4% to $1.7 billion driven by the significant changes implemented in our sales organization. Both total business activity and license revenue improved this quarter compared to the September quarter. License revenue declined 27% year over year while content, maintenance and subscription revenue was flat. In aggregate, 88% of total revenue was ratable. Our total subscription revenue grew 1% year-over-year and accounted for 44% of total revenue compared to 42% of revenue in the year ago period. Enterprise subscriptions, which excludes Norton revenue, grew 2% and accounted for 14% of total revenue in line with the prior year. Turning now to our business segments, our User Productivity & Protection segment declined 4% to $718 million. Flattish performance in our endpoint businesses was offset by continued weakness in endpoint management. GAAP operating margin for this segment was 37%, up 6 percentage points year-over-year due to lower sales and marketing spend. The Information Security segment declined 1% to $327 million. Continued growth in our authentication and DLP businesses were offset by weakness in our mail, web and data center security businesses. GAAP operating margin for this segment was 20%, compared to 8% in the year ago period, driven primarily by lower sales and marketing expenses. The Information Management segment declined 7% to $660 million. Continued growth in our NetBackup Appliances was offset by weakness in our BackupExec and information availability offerings. GAAP operating margin for this segment was down two percentage points, year-over-year to 27%, due to growth in our appliance businesses and lower sales and marketing spend. Turning now to total company margins. Non-GAAP gross margin declined 20 basis points year-over-year to 84.5%, due to continued growth in our appliance and hosted businesses. Non-GAAP operating margin was 30.1%, up 370 basis points year-over-year due to organization simplification benefits, lower sales and marketing spend and slower than expected hiring. Non-GAAP net income of $358 million resulted in fully diluted non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.51, up 13% year-over-year as reported, driven by benefits from our organization simplification initiative, reduced spending and slower hiring. Deferred revenue was $3.6 billion, down 5% year-over-year, driven by lower business activity as we rebuild our new business and renewal streams. We exited the quarter with cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments of $3.9 billion. Approximately, 42% of our cash resides onshore. In the December quarter, we returned $229 million to shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and dividends. On December 18th, we paid a $0.15 per share dividend for a total of $104 million. We also spent $125 million to repurchase 5 million shares at an average share price of $23.76. Symantec has $783 million remaining in the current board authorized stock repurchase plan. Cash flow from operating activities for the December quarter totaled $329 million, down 29% year-over-year, driven by severance payments and the impact of lower business activity on collections. Now, Id like to review guidance. For the March quarter, we expect revenue to be in the range of $1.615 billion to $1.655 billion compared to $1.748 billion in the year ago period. Approximately, 73%, or $1.2 billion of our March quarter revenue is estimated to come from our balance sheet. We expect GAAP operating margin to be in the range of 18.0% to 19.5%, compared to 14.6% in the year ago period. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be in the range of 24.5% to 26.0%, compared to 24.1% last year. GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be between $0.29 and $0.31 as compared to $0.27 in the year ago period. Non-GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be between $0.40 and $0.42 as compared to $0.44 in the year ago period. Our guidance assumes an exchange rate of $1.36 per euro and an effective tax rate of 28% for the March quarter. We expect common stock equivalents for the quarter of 702 million shares. As part of our enhanced capital allocation strategy, we will issue a quarterly cash dividend of $0.15 per share. Payment will occur on March 19th to shareholders of record as of February 24th. In addition to paying dividends, we will also continue to buyback our shares. Our fiscal year 2014 results will be higher than the guidance we provided last quarter due to better than expected third quarter results. We expect fiscal 14 revenue to be in the range of $6.666 billion to $6.706 billion, compared to $6.906 billion in the year ago period. We expect GAAP operating margin to be in the range of 17.6% to 17.9%, compared to 16.0% in the year ago period. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be in the range of 26.9% to 27.2% compared to 25.5% last year. GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be between $1.25 and $1.27 as compared to $1.06 in the year ago period. Non-GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be between $1.85 and $1.87 as compared to $1.76 in the year ago period. And now, Ill turn it over to Helyn so that we can start taking your questions.
Helyn Corcos: Thanks you. Travis, will you please begin polling for questions?
Operator: Certainly. (Operator Instructions)
Helyn Corcos: While the Operator is polling for questions, Id like to update you on our upcoming conference events. We will be presenting at the Morgan Stanley Technology Conference on March 3rd in San Francisco, and we will be reporting our fiscal fourth quarter and full-year 2014 results on April 30th. For a complete schedule of our investor events and materials, please visit the events section of the IR website. Travis, we are ready for our first question.
Operator: And our first question comes from Walter Pritchard with Citigroup.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup: Hi Stephen, I wonder if you could talk a bit about -- it looks like your larger deals, actually the deals over $1 million were flat year-over-year, which most of your other metrics here are showing a decline year-over-year as you move through this transition. I'm wondering if that's at all leading indicator of what you're seeing and maybe just update us on in general where you think you are with the sales force transition and what we should look for going forward in terms of signs of improvement further?
Steve Bennett: Thanks, Walter. I think that the deals flow in and out during the quarter. When you look at it statistically, there's not a lot of variation that I see. But I think where we are as we said when we made these changes that it takes two to three quarters for people in new territories to build the momentum. And I think we saw the progress. We said that we expected Q2 to be the floor. We expected Q3 to be better. And we expect Q4 to be better. The pipeline looks pretty good. I think in using kind of the terminology language you guys use in implied billings, we were down 9% in Q3 and our current guidance makes us down 5% in Q4. So, I think we continue the trend. There's not a lot of new news other than I feel like we are stable and we are now in operating mode and there's not a lot of restructuring to happen. We dont expect any changes to [kind of the] [ph] field really as we go forward in FY 15. So now its just, can we put the points on the board?
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup: And then just related to acquisitions and further spending, it does sound like you are upticking your plan to some degree there around what your OpEx plans are for 2015. Can you just talk through at a high level what the puts and takes are to 2015? It does feel like there are probably still some expenses to come out of the organization and then also it sounds look you're adding some investment back in. 
Steve Bennett: Yeah. I think we are still in the middle of really working through all the details. Its an interesting thing. We are trying to balance three things. I talked to the Board about - I talked to the team about, we have to invest in the things that are going to help us drive long-term growth, number one. Number two, we have to continue to work to get out inefficiencies and redundancies in our company and because of decentralized fragmented nature and really the operational opportunity is quite large here and the question is, how do you change the tires while the car is moving on some of those things and change the way we do to work. And then third, the third element is obviously margin expansion, so that we continue to make progress, align with our 5 and 30 targets. So we are right in the middle of going through that right now as we plan for the future and weve got some tough decisions to make to try and find the sweet spot between all three of those elements.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John DiFucci with JP Morgan.
John DiFucci - JP Morgan: Thank you. Steve, its nice to see you hit the numbers. You are actually exceeding a lot of your numbers this quarter. But license was still down meaningfully, down 27%, I realize you are going through a transition here? But has there been a change in any of your previous license model businesses of late sort of moving towards a subscription like sort of the backup and recovery are more people starting to consume that willing to buy a subscription or are there still licenses and is what we are seeing just something that we should expect to get better as time goes on as your transition, your business transition progress?
Steve Bennett: Yeah. No. I think weve had really no, I think, this is a real number. I think other than a slight mix shift where enterprise subscription revenue grow to 14% a total, there's been no catalyst that are trying to force people to move from A to B, so I think the pretty much the 27% is kind of what our team delivered in the quarter, there is no unusual efforts on that. But as we go forward, I think, ultimately, we expect the mix shift the subscriptions to continue in Symantec like we've seen, but I think thats the performance on creating new business activity and that's part of the opportunity we have as we go forward.
John DiFucci - JP Morgan: Okay. Great. And if I might follow up, you talked about information fabric and unified security. And both those strategies are going to require and you talked about it either work closely with a lot of your partners. I guess can you talk a little bit of more about whats happening internally? Is there a head of partners like somebody that's trying to organize this that reports to you? And then maybe talk a little bit other than the Cisco partnership you mentioned and I -- Symantec had some level of partnership with Cisco for a while. What's been happening there, especially with maybe the network security vendors, who you dont really compete with but somewhat complementary?
Steve Bennett: Yeah. No. I -- we hired a very strong woman, Roxane Divol, who was a McKinsey partner for 16 years and she joined our team in I think September. She runs the partner and alliance program for us. Shes a direct report to me and partnerships, offering partnerships become an integrated, a very important part of the strategy as you talked about John. And so we're pleased that she joined the team and were really starting to get some traction there. And look, I think, it's safe to say that these two unified security and information fabric are concepts that solve a big customer problem and their multi-year outcome. So we are going to continued to deliver lots of our point solutions and our integrated offerings and partnerships with respect to changing the way information is managed and security is delivered. With respect to network security partnerships, we've got now, I think, with one of the leading next-generation firewall companies, weve got five customers that are running this pilot we describe and were working on the announcement timing on that whether there will be at Vision or RSA or their user conference. And so, look, I think, we want to get enough learning to do that, its taken us sometimes longer than I thought, but its clearly the right thing and the feedback is really exciting and I think it's going to connect the endpoint and the network in a way that we think will be better than what other people are able to do.
John DiFucci - JP Morgan: Great. Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Dunham with Goldman Sachs.
Greg Dunham - Goldman Sachs: Yeah. Thanks for taking my questions. You guys have done a good job of improving operating margins, especially in the user productivity segment despite the decline in growth there. How much of that improvement has been due to lower OEM fees and can we expect that type of margins going forward? Thanks.
Steve Bennett: I think Greg, part of it is due to your lower user OEM fees. And so I think that will be a one-time event that factors in through the year, as opposed to all at once based on the revenue. But I think that will be a one-year special costs change that will lift margins. I think longer term and were working a lot of interesting things in that business to integrate the technology stacks where we had four redundant stacks between Altiris, Symantec end point protection, Norton and our mobile teams. And so were working on some interesting things that are going to be more platform nature to do it once and serve all of the mobile devices that our customers want to manage, not just mobility or SAP or Norton, or Altiris. And so those things, we are making progress on that. And so I think over time we have an opportunity to be more efficient in our engineering spend in that business as we eliminate all the silos that were all playing their own game in the past. And so one-time event on the margin improvement from OEM fees, a big margin improvement opportunity on eliminating redundant technology and doing a better job for customers that will come out too over the longer period.
Greg Dunham - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS: Steve, if you could give us just an update on innovation pipeline on some of these new products. I know there is lot of question. And also how you think about the addressable market for mobile APT and cloud apps, you get a lot of questions around that. Thanks.
Steve Bennett: Yeah, Brent. Were actually going to go through interesting tomorrow with our employees, kind of the roadmap for the next four quarters. So a combination of all the key releases for our existing kind of point offerings and also all knew what we call 4.0, new integrated offerings and its actually quite an interesting list. So I think that will be the foundational elements that we share with and vision at our Investor Day in May. So stay tuned for more details on that but were busy beavers working really hard to execute that we launched the mobile workforce productivity or the app center that I mentioned, thats getting really good reviews. So we have a lot of good stuff coming. You know it takes a while. I wish we could go faster. Were working on that. But it was only a year ago that we announced the strategy and then changed the whole structure. So I think youll start us to pick up traction as we know are in operating and remote move forward. And a lot of the focus now working on is to integrate what we do with others to provide and in a way what we do with ourselves to provide leading advanced threat protection. We believe we have as much or more capability. Anybody else, we just had it dispersed in a bunch of different products and we havent marketed particularly effectively. So big focus on mobile, a big focus on APT and we think we are making progress. Now the world is moving faster we go to pick up our pace. But the feedback we get is from a lot of customers, if you can build what youre saying, we want to buy it. So were moving as fast as we can.
Brent Thill - UBS: Just a follow-up on that Steve, I think you articulated that. You have laid out some pretty thoughtful roadmaps that customers can see. And I guess the question is given those roadmaps perhaps maybe they didnt see that in the past for Symantec. Are you seeing some of the customer step-up with orders now realizing that theres more to come and they are willing to commit on other products with the willingness to commit down the road?
Steve Bennett : Were seeing that, exactly were seeing that on our mobile offer where people likely architecture in the path were going and so yes on mobility. On the other things, I think its safer to say that we are -- this customers are telling us, we are describing a solution in bold unified security and information fabric that resonates with them. And they want to be lighthouse customers to be part of helping us shape for the development and how evolves. So we have a lot of work to do and now to build and stitch the components together to deliver it on that concept for our customers including the partnerships that the John referred to. So I think the answer is on something just were getting people to buy into the multiyear roadmap and architecture and others the best were able to do is get people that are on the earlier stages to want to be lighthouse customers. And so I think that's probably the most accurate description I could give you at this point.
Brent Thill - UBS: Thanks Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from Aaron Schwartz with Jefferies.
Aaron Schwartz - Jefferies: Hi, good afternoon. Thank you. Steve, you talked a little bit about, I guess, Im some seeing some stability in the business coming through Q2 which indicated with sub more disruptive quarter. I guess the question I have is you described a lot of product coming out here. You've also talked about partnerships and integrated offerings. Given the change in the sales model in sort of holding the bar higher for your sales organization, how do you the keep the focus to make sure they move in product thats important to your P&L and not get diluted maybe enjoying go to market with partners and sort to get lost in that way, that seemingly is always a little bit more difficult for companies in sort of enjoying go to market model.
Steve Bennett: Aaron, you must have sat in our staff meeting yesterday because we talked exactly about what you talked about is we actually went through. The economic leverages and the models for both our Symantec business and our Norton business to make sure the top 25 people in the company all understand with very clear, with a high degree of clarity the levers and how decisions we make on renewals in new business and what we discount, what we don't discount, contribute to our financial roadmap. And so were going to go through the same data with our top 150 people in the company next week. And I think, you are over the target of something that I guess is a huge opportunity for our company which is to really focus our resources on selling deals and transactions and customer relationships that we make money on as opposed to treating a dollar is a dollar. And there is a big change for us to move from bookings to selling the stuff that creates lifetime customer value. And we talked about this in great detail tomorrow and were going to as I say talk about it next week. So were going to be much more focused with the right metrics and execution on the commercial side. Our team is very excited about this. Its a big change from history and it will take us a while to make it all happen but there's a lot of low hanging fruit for us. In my opinion in this area from better management leadership and a more strategic view of decisions and how they impact the financial levers?
Aaron Schwartz - Jefferies: Okay. And then quick follow-up if I could. On the M&A comments, I know you said these are small and really just for tactical deals. But if there any sort of worth a way you can given in areas that you're looking at or the field that already agreed on in principle, or can you just guide any color on to that. Thanks.
Steve Bennett: Yeah, I would say, and how it might be nervous but I think all four will be add up to less than $200 million. So thats the size. At various stages in all of these, they are all directly correlative to information fabric or a unified security and building out our capabilities and the integrated offerings that are part of that. And so, I think, when we make these, it will be readily apparent the logic for the transactions. And as I said were buying engineers and technology to help us go faster as opposed to buying revenue. And so were quite excited about that and we think it's just another focus of playing offense to move faster. Complement our organic growth focused not to in lieu of and so its the organic growth focus is number one and these will help us accelerate progress. And so stay tuned, we should have some -- were getting a little fore shadowing on that. Well have details detail as to come as we go forward but in total they all add up to less than $200 million.
Aaron Schwartz - Jefferies: All right. Thanks Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from Raimo Lenschow with Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow - Barclays: Hey, thanks for taking my question and congrats from my sight. Quick one, Steve, youre now kind of a good few months into the sales force. Can you help me in kind of understanding a little bit better how things are going especially when renewal team, how they kind of setting out. And how is it for the established sales guy to start selling kind of a newer product side. In the past, we had commented on renewals and so its a big cultural change for them. How is that progressing from your perspective? Thank you.
Steve Bennett: Yeah Raimo, I think this is why it takes a while. And it is really a big change to separate renewals from new business and take people that had been paid on our blend but primarily renewals to all this since. So okay you going to be paid only under business. And then plus we have to stand up the renewals team as a separate entity. And so I think were going through the learning curve. Is anytime you go to do something so significant you have learned a lot of things and you see things that you have to adjust and adapt to. I think were gaining attraction. There still more we have to do on both fronts which is why it takes a while for this kind of massive change to take hold. I think whats happening is we're getting better everyday and stabilizing. I think the new offerings start to calm, the new channel strategy starts to have some more positive impact. And it looks as why we're pleased with the quarter but were not happy, Im not going to be happy until we get new business activity and revenue is growing. But its my judgment that we had to go through this massive change of basically everything we do from offering to go to market to marketing and sales to win in the future. And so I'm actually quite pleased that were absorbing all this and delivering what I consider to be a pretty good year given all the challenges. But everyday were getting better and I don't see any big disruptive things coming, it just how fast can we suggest and learn and adapt and give these new offerings and markets, so that we can get some more sizzle in the market. Weve been starting to make progress but we lost a little bit of ground in the transition which is understandable.
Raimo Lenschow - Barclays: Yeah. Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brad Zelnick with Macquarie.
Brad Zelnick - Macquarie: Thank you very much for taking my question and it's good to see your performance improved from last quarter. My question, Steve, is around Norton, is it fair to assume that Norton bookings were flattish year-on-year, given the comment for overall endpoint protection? And also hoping you can comment on the status of your relationship with HP which I think came up for renewal pretty recently? Thanks.
Steve Bennett: Yeah. I think, Brad, all of the endpoint business, I think, as Don said in his script was relatively flat. And I think, were going to see some pressure on our new user acquisition based on how some of the OEM agreements have sorted out. I think the opportunity for us is to take a lot of money that we were investing in that channel and acquire customers directly and build a digital first marketing direct capability. And so, I think, we had invested a lot of money in the Norton business and channels where our lifetime customer value was not what we would really like. And there are other channels we had underinvested in where the lifetime customer value was very strong. So this is again something we talked about in great detail yesterday at our staff and I think, we need to move faster, are in the process of moving faster to channels that are where we can create more profitable lifetime customer value and this is a big transition is going on. We're also launching for the first time, Norton branded small business solutions, which we, I think, will be an interesting pilot to try and extend and expand the Norton offering, because I think for small businesses under 25 or 30 in all market, I know a little bit about from my Intuit days, we think Norton is more powerful brand than Symantec and we think that could be a nice life extension. So were working on all of the levers to, I would call it life extended Norton business. At the same time, I would tell you, I think, its -- we have to solve a new customer problem to get that to be a growth business and be accretive to the 5 and 30 plan and that's something that were working hard on doing. So that's really an update from my perspective of Norton. And as weve talked about, we think, we can deliver increase cash flow in the Norton business for quite a few years based on costs and redundant technology and exiting deals that werent financially attractive to us. The question is, can we find the new customer problem to for Norton that will help us get back on the growth trajectory and were working on that. If we cant get -- if we cant we have lots of other growth opportunities that we think can create real value for shareholders, so probably more on that in the May session.
Brad Zelnick - Macquarie: Thank you. Just one quick follow-up, Steve. I know you are not going to guide, I dont believe youve guided to deferred revenue this quarter, but as we model out billings typically in the past, sequentially we would see them up from Q3 to Q4, is the any reason we shouldn't expect that this year as well?
Steve Bennett: I think that, I guess, I would answer, Ill see Helyn wants to answer that one or Don. I think, look, I think the implied billings and you heard us talk about this now for the first time, I actually think the way the street measures this is a good way to measure it. Putting revenue change with deferred revenue are up or minus and we are actually thinking more about running our company the same way you have measured us. So we are still trying to figure out what that means because I actually think the way the street keeps score here makes sense for us to be thinking about the same way and thats a big change for how we used to think about it. And so, I'm answering your question in a more philosophical fashion. And so, I think, we are trying to figure out what that means going forward. So at this quarter let me leave it for that. I think the big thought is we did when we -- when bookings went down so far in the second quarter and even in third quarter where they are down year-over-year we have created a bit of a differed revenue whole but we have to dig out of next year as we look at kind a revenue -- our revenue plan for next year. I mean that's really the answer to your question and there some pressure for us now on growth in FY 15 based on our new business performance and are deferred revenue slide this year, I think down 5% year-over-year, but remember the number right.
Brad Zelnick - Macquarie: Okay. Thanks again for taking my questions, Steve.
Helyn Corcos: We can follow-up on that too, Brad, with regards to the actual differed revenue. We would expect it to be up sequentially, probably around $3.8 billion is probably around like ballpark to be thinking about.
Don Rath: Yeah. I think you can refer that from guidance.
Helyn Corcos: From the guidance page, yes.
Steve Bennett: Thank you, folks.
Helyn Corcos: Yeah.
Steve Bennett: Okay.
Brad Zelnick - Macquarie: Thats helpful. Thanks.
Steve Bennett: Thanks Brad.
Operator: Our next question comes from Philip Winslow with Crdit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse: Hi. Thanks guys. I was just looking at results and one of the things that kind of jumped out versus consensus expectations was that information management line. I know you guys have some struggles there with the Backup Exec release about a year ago. Where do you think you stand there, what do you see in that market especially from a pricing perspective but also just where you guys stand with your products right now? Thanks?
Steve Bennett: Well, I think we are clear leader in the Backup, especially as managing information in this more complicated large corporate data centers gets more on more challenging. But I think with respect to be -- I think we dont have our head above water yet. We have a new release coming midyear, mid calendar year. We think its going to add some real nice features, fix the UI and actually become compatible with what Microsoft R2 release if I remember right. So, I think we have been a little bit slow on platforms support and I think thats something we are addressing to change our development process to be a faster cycle on platforms support and separate that from kind of our big more annual or 15 months releases. And so I think there's a bunch of stuff we need to do. Backup Exec though is one of the pressure points. Altiris is the other pressure point in information management. So we are doing well on some fronts like appliances and NetBackup appliances, but those are the two products that are putting a little pressure on us over the -- in the short-term.
Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse: Got it. Thank guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Turits from Raymond James.
Helyn Corcos: Mike, are you on the line because we are waiting to hear from, Mike? Do we want to move on to the next question and then if Mike is available, he can draw back in.
Steve Bennett: Or he is on mute. Lets go to the next question, Travis.
Operator: Certainly. Our next question is from Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley: Excellent. Thank you very much for taking my question. And, Steve, very much appreciate all the transparency youve given us into this transition on call, really unprecedented and certainly helping us cover so a great deal of detail, I appreciate that. The question is about certain operating margins and operating margin commentary about FY15. Its furnished for those correct and what you are trying to get across that more than operating margin needs to take place in FY16, FY17th. It seems like part of that actually come from the acquisitions. But they seem relatively small, was your acquiring. Is there an element of reinvesting thing going on, and where are those key areas of reinvestment that you guys think -- if thats correct you guys think you need in FY15.
Steve Bennett: No, I think that's exactly right, Keith. Look, this is an industry where you have got to have leadership products to win. And there is a big change for us to invest in our own ideas, which we are pretty excited about. And so balancing the investments, we need to make to win in the marketplace with how long it takes us to get some of the efficiencies out of our inefficient structure and redundancy. And so as I said, we are just in the middle of the planning process for that and we are going to know a lot more about that. I guess its safe to say, I wouldnt expect the same kind of margin expansion in FY16 or 15 that you are going to see this year from us because we are investing and growing. We are in this for the long-term and we believe that we are on the right path. And as we get these new offerings and we get their go-to market properly aligned, we feel comfortable and we are confident were on track for the five and 30. But we have a lot of execution to do between now and then. So we don't have any other details, including how many of these deals get done and what their impact is. So stay tuned, we'll have a lot more for that when we combine guidance. I guess, we are giving you a little foreshadowing to not to expect the same kind of -- dont just model what happened this year that might not be accurate as we think about going into FY15.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley: Got it. If I could just sneak in one follow-up, in terms of the sales hiring -- the overall hiring this quarter being slower than expected, was that purposeful or was that a plan that you slowdown the pace of hiring or was it just -- it's a difficult hiring environment and a lot of competition for engineers and sales guys that you guys werent able to hire up to plan.
Steve Bennett: I think our eyes were bigger than our stomach. I think we wanted to hire. We did not shut down any thing. So we are still investing. We just could not bring on -- now we have high standards, so we are just not trying to hire to fill bodies. We wanted to hire great people. We are not able to bring in as really great people in multiple areas that are going to drive grow and I think thats -- I think I will say our eyes are bigger. If somebody wanted to hire, we didnt shutdown hiring. Its just -- we are going to compromise our standards and it is just taken longer in some cases to bring the talent on board. And so we will factor that into our thinking as we go forward in our hiring plans for FY -- the fourth quarter and FY15.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley: Excellent. Thank you for the time.
Operator: It appears there are no further questions at this time. Mr. Steve Bennett, I would like to turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Steve Bennett: Well, thanks to everybody. I think the thing I would say in summary at 10,000 feet is I think the quarter turned out pretty much the way we planned that we wanted to show progress. We did a little better than we thought. I was pleased about that. The pipeline looks pretty good. So, I'm cautiously optimistic about the fourth quarter and the momentum we have going into FY15. At the same time, we over delivered because we under spend mostly on hiring. And so I think that is something that we are pleased with the short-term results, but until we get into positive new business activity or positive revenue growth, we won't be happy. And so rest assured, we are paddling as fast as we can to take cost and redundancy out, invest in things that are going to make us easier to do business with and drive growth and balancing growth with investments, cost reduction and margin expansion as we go into our thinking for FY15. So, thanks for your support and hopefully, our discussion here give some insight for all of you on how we are thinking about things today and maybe going forward a little bit. Talk to you next quarter. Bye.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2013-10-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Helyn Corcos - Vice President of Investors Relations Stephen M. Bennett - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Andrew H. Del Matto - Acting Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Brad A. Zelnick - Macquarie Research Robert P. Breza - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Aaron Schwartz - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Gregory Dunham - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital, Research Division Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Patrick D. Walravens - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day and welcome to Symantec's Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to your host, Ms. Helyn Corcos, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Helyn Corcos: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our call to discuss our second quarter 2014 results. With me today are Steve Bennett, Symantec's President and CEO; and Drew Del Matto, Senior Vice President and acting CFO. In a moment, I will turn the call over to Steve to review our quarterly results and provide a strategic overview. Then Drew will provide highlights of our financial results, as well as discuss our guidance assumptions. This will be followed by a question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay on Symantec's Investor Relations website. A copy of today's press release and supplemental financial information are posted on our website. Today's prepared remarks will be available on the website after the call is completed. I'd like to remind you that we provide year-over-year constant currency growth rates in our prepared remarks unless otherwise stated. Earnings per share growth rates are provided on an as-reported basis. We are -- we use our published foreign currency rules of thumb in our guidance section for all constant currency year-over-year growth rates. We've included a summary of the year-over-year constant currency and actual growth rates in our press release tables and in our supplemental information, which are available on our website. Some of the information discussed on this call including our projections regarding revenue, operating results, earnings per share, amortization of acquisition-related intangibles and stock-based compensation for the coming quarter contain forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in statements. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties can be found in the company's most recent periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Symantec assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. In addition to reporting financial results in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP, Symantec reports non-GAAP financial results. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP results, which can be found in the press release and on our website. And now I'd like to introduce our CEO, Mr. Steve Bennett.
Stephen M. Bennett: Thanks, Helyn, and good afternoon, everyone. Before we get into the details of the September quarter, which obviously did not meet my expectations, I'd like to provide some context on how I view Symantec's role in what Gartner is calling, the digital industrial economy. We've entered a new era where the physical and digital worlds are converging rapidly. It demands an integrated, holistic approach to protecting and managing information and we're building on our strong assets to transform Symantec to take advantage of this massive shift. I truly believe the world has never needed a stronger Symantec than it does today. But many changes are required to transform a company of our size and complexity so we can help protect our customers from increasingly sophisticated attacks and solve their problems better than anyone else. And in doing so, we believe we can deliver consistent and sustained organic growth. Six months into our transformation, after the January announcement, we feel good about the progress on most fronts. However, this was a more challenging than expected top-line quarter in a transitional year. We fell short on revenue, while delivering on both operating margin rate and EPS. I'm disappointed that our performance fell outside our revenue guidance range. We underestimated -- I underestimated the impact of the go-to-market changes we made. It was challenging quarter. However, we remain solidly convinced that these changes are required to position Symantec for long-term success. And we are not backing away from our long-term targets of greater than 5% growth CAGR and better than 30% operating margin for the fiscal year '15 to fiscal year '17 time frame. In fact, the excitement and positive feedback we are getting from customers and partners to our new offerings and go-to-market changes, coupled with greater employee engagement, make me as confident as ever in our ability to achieve our long-term targets. As we evaluated the root cause for the miss, we analyzed every angle: products, geographies, segments, big deals, government spending, you name it. We boiled it down to a single critical area that drove the miss: new license sales, direct-to-customers and through partners. Part of our shortfall was due to some second quarter sales that were pulled into the first quarter before we implemented changes to our sales model. But the majority of the impact to our results was due to significantly changing our coverage model for more than 90% of our direct sales people. We went from traditional generalists, selling 150-or-so point solution to sales people that are now Information Management or Information Security Specialists. We clearly lost more momentum than we expected in the transition and are working hard to address all the critical levers to accelerate progress in building a robust new business pipeline in Q3 and Q4, so we regain our positive momentum going into fiscal year '15. The enterprise sales cycle can often have long lead times. Consequently, we expect it to take us a few quarters for our sales force to regain its momentum. We expect positive year-over-year sales activity to begin in the first or second quarter of fiscal year '15. When the dust settles from the transition of our sales force gains traction, momentum builds from our improved sales force focus. We have new releases of some of our leading point solutions, such as NetBackup, Appliances and Endpoint Security, to name a few. There are initial launches of some of our new integrated solutions addressing data center security, information security and innovative defense against advanced persistent threats. And finally, key industry partnerships begin to gain customer acceptance and produce results. We also believe we will see improved commercial execution as we build out our marketing organization and better enable our salespeople and partners to be more effective and productive. We are making solid progress providing our sales team and partners the messaging and tools required to better share our exciting new story with the market. The magnitude of change we're implementing during this transition year, coupled with the second quarter shortfall, will impact results during the second half of fiscal year 2014. We want to be prudent with our guidance for the remainder of the year. As such, we are reducing our fiscal year guidance targets. That said, since our strategy and transformation journey is not changing, we are not going to make across-the-board spending reductions to drive short-term improved financial results at the expense of longer term success. We will, as always, continue to identify and eliminate areas of inefficiency and redundancy, so we better allocate resources to drive growth. Let me step back from this quarter and share some perspective on the changes we've been working on. Let's start with where we were just a year ago. Symantec was a company that had -- that sold point products based on features and functionality, had a generalist sales structure that was high-cost, had non-differentiated volume-based rewards for channel partners, was organized in silos and had an inefficient management structure. Simply put, our structure, incentives and culture were hampering our ability to deliver value to customers and partners and limiting our growth. Since the January announcement of our new strategy, we've made significant progress in changing many key foundational elements of the company starting with upgrading our offerings; evaluating our existing point solutions and reallocating dollars based on the competitive position and market opportunity; resourcing dedicated teams to build the 10 new integrated offerings that solve higher order customer problems; bringing on lighthouse customers as early adopters of our new innovative offerings. Customers are excited about our offering strategy and want to participate in the development process. On the network security partnership front, we completed 2 preliminary customer pilots and are actively working with other select joint customers for additional feedback. Feedback from the 2 pilots has been positive and have confirmed our approach of satisfying our customers' underserved needs relative to advanced threat protection. We are preparing to announce our partnerships and new offerings during the RSA Conference early next year. We also launched many critical elements in the complete revamping of our go-to-market strategy and plan during the September quarter. We split the sales organization into renewals and new business teams. We successfully launched our centrally managed renewals group, which is focused exclusively on this important revenue stream. This team provides a high-quality, cost effective approach to the renewals process and improves the value we deliver to customers by making it easier to do business with us. We're pleased with the renewal team's performance this quarter. We also changed the roles of our direct new business sales reps to focus on new business only and specializing on either Information Security or Information Management. We are also enabling our e-business platform into a digital experience that will enable anyone to discover purchase and receive product help online with real-time customer care. We see this as a tremendous opportunity to reach and acquire a new set of customers. Some of the things we are working on that will help us in the long term include, significantly improving our e-business served market by expanding our payment options, global expansion of our e-business platform and advancing our search capabilities. We made significant progress in defining our channel strategy and redesigning our partner program to better align our offerings with the optimal route-to-market and our channel capability. We are investing more time and resources in our channel to build stronger, more strategic partner relationships. Further, we will align the economics and incentives based on the value created by the partner and their commitment to Symantec and our customers. We will unveil the framework of our new partner strategy at our North America Partner Engage Event in November. We have also made progress with our team, functionalizing and upgrading the leadership team. We've lost some key senior people, but we've added a lot of top talent to the senior leadership team. And this is expected in a transformation of this type. We've improved the engagement and energy of our employees and we've simplified the management structure by reducing middle-management by 35%. We remain focused on 3 priority areas: offerings; go-to-market; and a third concept we call work smart which is all about better execution and being easier to do business with through investing in our people, process and technology. In summary, we have begun the operational phase of our transition. With a focus in all 3 of our priority areas, I am more encouraged than ever in our vision and strategy to drive growth in the long term. It will take some time for our transformation changes to translate into revenue, but I'm confident we are on the right track. We have a lot of work ahead of us. We greatly appreciate the support and confidence from our customers, partners, employees and shareholders. We are working diligently to assure that we enter next year a stronger, better company with an ever bright future. And with that, thanks for your support and let me turn it over to Drew to provide a review of our financial results and guidance.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Thank you, Steve, and good afternoon. The second quarter was a transition quarter, as we implemented significant sales force and go-to-market changes. These structural changes resulted in lower than expected revenue. However, we are confident that these changes will create a more effective and efficient sales model and support our goals to achieve better than 5% organic revenue growth and greater than 30% operating margin in the '15 to '17 fiscal year time frame. In the September quarter, organic revenue declined 4% year-over-year and GAAP revenue declined 3% to $1.64 billion driven by lower than expected license revenue. The license revenues declined 31% year-over-year in the September quarter, while content, maintenance and subscription revenue was flat. In aggregate, 92% of total revenue in the September quarter was ratable. Our total subscription revenue was flat year-over-year and accounted for 46% of total revenue compared to 45% of revenue in the year-ago period. Enterprise subscriptions, which excludes Norton revenue, grew 1% and accounted for 15% of total revenue as compared to 14% in the prior year. Turning now to our business segments, our User Productivity and Protection Segment, which is comprised of our Endpoint Security, Endpoint Management, Encryption and Mobile businesses declined 2% to $719 million. Flattish performance in our Endpoint businesses was offset by continued weakness in Endpoint Management. GAAP operating margin for this segment was 36%, flat year-over-year as lower marketing spend offset lower revenue. The Information Security segment, which includes our authentication, mail and web security, hosted security services, data center security, Managed Security Services and Data Loss Prevention offerings, declined 1% to $316 million. Continued growth in our authentication and MSS businesses were offset by weakness in our mail, web and data center security businesses. GAAP operating margin for this segment was 16% compared to 4% in the year-ago period, driven primarily by lower sales and marketing expenses. The Information Management segment, which includes our offerings related to backup and recovery; information intelligence, which includes archiving and e-discovery; and information availability, which we previously referred to as Storage Management, declined 6% to $602 million. Continued growth in our NetBackup appliances was offset by weakness in our Backup Exec and information availability offerings. GAAP operating margin for this segment was down 4 percentage points year-over-year to 24%, driven by our increasing appliance mix on lower revenue. Turning now to total company margins. Non-GAAP gross margin declined 80 basis points year-over-year to 83.7% due to lower revenue and continued growth in our appliance and hosted solutions. Non-GAAP operating margin was 27.6%, flat year-over-year as lower revenue was offset by organizational simplification benefits and lower sales and marketing spend. Non-GAAP net income of $355 million resulted in fully diluted non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.50, up 11% year-over-year as reported driven by a one-time tax benefit from a favorable IRS settlement. Deferred revenue was $3.5 billion, down 3% year-over-year driven by lower than expected sales activity. We exited the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $3.8 billion, approximately 47% of our cash resides onshore. In the September quarter, we returned $230 million to shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and dividends. On September 18, we paid a $0.15 per share dividend for a total of $105 million. We also spent $125 million to repurchase 5 million shares at an average price of $24.99. Symantec has approximately $908 million remaining in the current board authorized stock repurchase plan. Cash flow from operating activities for the September quarter totaled $191 million, up 7% year-over-year, driven primarily by the timing of payroll payments. Now, I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing our business outlook and guidance. We remain confident in our business over the long term and we're committed to delivering greater than 5% revenue growth and better than 30% operating margin in the '15 to '17 fiscal year time frame. Given the September quarter shortfall and the significant transformation we are driving, we're being prudent in lowering annual guidance. We expect revenue for fiscal 2014 to be down 3% to 4% in constant currency as our sales force focuses on building new business and our renewal team -- our renewals team concentrates on extending customer relationships. We expect non-GAAP operating margin to expand 30 to 60 basis points as our strategy remains unchanged and we continue to invest in driving organic growth by solving our customers' large unmet and underserved needs. We expect non-GAAP earnings per share to be between negative 1% and positive 1.5% compared to the prior fiscal year. For the December 2013 quarter, we expect revenue to be in the range of $1.63 billion to $1.67 billion compared to $1.79 billion in the year-ago period. Approximately 75% or $1.24 billion of our December quarter revenue is estimated to come from our balance sheet. We expect GAAP operating margin to be in the range of 17% to 17.6% compared to 17% in the year-ago period. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be in the range of 25.6% to 26.2% compared to 25.9% last year. GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be between $0.26 and $0.28 as compared to $0.31 in the year-ago period. Non-GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be between $0.41 and $0.43 as compared to $0.45 in the year-ago period. Our guidance assumes an exchange rate of $1.35 per euro, plus the weighted average rate of $1.30 versus -- our guidance assumes an exchange rate of $1.35 per euro versus the weighted average rate of $1.30 and the end of period rate of $1.32 per euro in the December 2012 quarter. Our guidance also assumes an effective tax rate of 28% for the December and March quarters. We expect common stock equivalents for the quarter of approximately 707 million shares and expect our share count to remain flat for the full year. As part of our enhanced capital allocation strategy, we will issue a quarterly cash dividend of $0.15 per share. Payment will occur on December 18 to shareholders of record on November 25. In addition to paying dividends, we will also continue to buyback our shares. And now I will turn it over to Helyn, so that we can start taking some of your questions.
Helyn Corcos: Thank you, Drew.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Helyn Corcos: While the operator is polling for questions, I'd like to update you on our upcoming conference events. We will be presenting at the UBS Technology Conference on November 21 in Sausalito and at the NASDAQ Conference on December 4 in London. For a complete schedule of our investor-related events and materials, please visit the Events section on the Investor Relations website.
Operator: We'll take our first question from John DiFucci with JPMorgan.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Steve -- a question for Steve and then a follow-up for Drew. Steve, I understand you saw more transition disruption than you expected with the sales force for new license in the quarter, but you also said you were pleased with the new renewal team and their performance. I know it's their first quarter of doing this, but can you quantify that at all? Was the -- were the renewal rates of maintenance or subscription worse, about the same, or better than it was before?
Stephen M. Bennett: About the same. I mean, we just got up and running, and about the same on the renewal rates, but obviously much lower cost as we do this more with a different business model than we did with -- than we had with the old model, John.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, great. And Drew, we were modeling restructuring costs to decline in this quarter, I don't know that's what we thought -- we -- that's what we were modeling. But it actually increased. I guess, can you talk a little bit about why that happened and how we should think about this more modeling going forward?
Stephen M. Bennett: I think that the John, this is Steve, I think, it's a little bit of the long tail we had in some of the countries outside the U.S. and that's what happened. The total is still within the range that we talked about but the timing was delayed based on some local market laws and regulations.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So should we see that sort of trail off now, Steve?
Stephen M. Bennett: Yes, I think, were -- for the most part, I think, it will be done by the end of third quarter completely but it'll be a trickle, I think, in the third quarter.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Steve, I'm wondering if you could talk a bit about, obviously, it was possible that this outcome was going to happen given the transition that was underway. I'm wondering if you could just talk about any course corrections you've made in terms of your sales organization going forward and if you've been able to implement or how to implement any changes as a result of the performance you saw in the September quarter?
Stephen M. Bennett: You know, Walter, I think it's -- look, we -- life is about doing things, making decisions, reflecting on them and learning as you go and continually to improve. I'm utterly convinced this was the right long-term decision for us. If I would have been more prudent in my guidance, you guys wouldn't have believed me. So we just didn't know. And we were surprised at how -- but it's isolated to new license sales. It was about the same everywhere in the world, so there was no geographic phenomenon. There was no government phenomenon, although we, like others, were a little bit less in government but that wasn't material to the results. So what we've learned is that this transition from hunters to farmers and people getting it with the new coverage model and getting specialization was -- had much more impact than we thought. And we dug a hole for ourselves, as you can see in the deferred revenue, that we have to dig our way out of. So I think this has been, on the positive side, a catalyst for us now to break down some of the barriers in the organization. And I think the team is collaborating more effectively now. And I think this is going to make us much better. It's a little painful for all of us to go through this. But in the end, we're going to be better off and I'm convinced the decisions we made are the right ones for the long-term.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then just on, maybe for Drew, on the employee count. It looks like you did actually have -- you had sort of -- the flat employee base into Q1, you had an increase in Q2 -- I'm sorry another decrease into Q2. Is that employee number relatively bottomed at this point? Should we start to see that build? Just trying to get a sense of some expectation around the employee number headed for here as we come out of the restructuring?
Stephen M. Bennett: I think we've got, this is Steve again, Walter, we've got a lot of moving parts here and it's something that we're going to, obviously, take a hard look at. I mean, I think we're down 624 employees year-over-year. And so a big part of that is the management structure where we reduced 35% of our management. But it's something that we're looking hard, and we have a ramp-up as we're implementing some new IT systems. And so there's a bunch of things that are going in and out. But overall, it's something that we're very focused on. But we are investing in a bunch of areas for the long-term. And we're also finding redundancies and inefficiencies that are freeing up resources. So it's going to be a combination of investments and also reductions as we go forward. And I think that's -- we're going to manage this tightly and do the right thing for the long-term and be thoughtful about the short-term.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wanted to ask about -- in terms of the sales force disruption, to what degree is that just guys just figuring out their new roles and it's sort of an internal disruption, if you will, to what degree did you see a higher than expected turnover, guys leaving involuntary, departures of sales guys versus what you were expecting?
Stephen M. Bennett: I think it's a really thoughtful observation. I mean, look, we have -- over 90% of our people in this coverage model had new responsibilities. And so I think it just takes longer. You got to go meet with customers. It takes 6 to 9 months for some of these products to build a pipeline. I think we also have -- we had a lot of people leave that were probably farmers. I heard a bunch of stories, anecdotally now, of people that interviewed with competitor -- a competitor interviewed 20 of our people and they asked them, well, are you farmers or hunters? And 1 person said, they were a hunter. So I think we've had a shift from the keeping our hunters and letting farmers go and I think that's a natural attrition and my strategy is to have stronger partner relationships and fewer higher-impact or more highly compensated hunters and then feed them these great new offerings that we have coming, both through our sales force and the channel that we think are going to give us a real advantage in the marketplace when they start hitting. So I think this is a more meta combination. It's bigger than just salespeople. I think we're going to have more compelling offerings, dramatically more compelling going forward and that'll make it easier for our salespeople to book new business. So this isn't really about salespeople. It's about giving them better solutions to sell, better channel relationships, more support and enablement. We've talked about the fact that in the past, our system was broken and our salespeople didn't spend as much time selling as -- at the industry norms. We're making progress on a lot of those fronts. We just had a big pothole here on new license sales. I think Drew said it was down about 30% year-over-year and everything else was really within normal ranges. And I think a lot of it is for the points, but new people -- or people in new territories getting into their jobs. And so, we expect to do better in Q3. We expect to do better than that in Q4 and we expect to get our head above water in -- going into fiscal year '15. Obviously, we're going to work hard to be the best we can be. But after this surprise, we want to be prudent in how long it takes to dig out of this hole.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. And I could perhaps sneak in one last one. The unfortunate timing, if you will, that you guys have. This misstep where you hit this pothole, right when FireEye's coming public and they're getting a lot of visibility into how well they're growing. Any commentary on the competitive impacts of guys like FireEye in the market or maybe if we expand that a little bit further, I'm hearing more positive things about McAfee in the market as of late. So maybe go over the competitive dynamics and any impacts that, that might have had?
Stephen M. Bennett: Well, look, I think this has always been a tough competitive market. And at the same time, I would tell you, there's always a lot of focus on shiny new objects. We actually just launched the shiny new object we call our "Disarm" technology in our new Messaging Gateway product that ships next week, that we're pretty excited about as a -- a feature that we think will be part of our suite to help customers protect themselves from APTs with a technology that we think is better in some ways than some of the other competitors, and so you'll learn more about that from us as we go forward. I think this, to be honest, is mostly self-inflected. I don't think that the competitive dynamic has changed dramatically. I hear noise like you say, I also just heard about somebody that ended a 12-year relationship with McAfee to come to Symantec. So I think you can hear noise on a lot of different things. I think in my view, the competitive dynamic hasn't changed that much. We just -- this was self-inflected wounds in the short term to win in the long term.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brad Zelnick with Macquarie.
Brad A. Zelnick - Macquarie Research: Steve, with overall bookings down 17% year-on-year, can you give us a sense how much of that is disruption from the changes to the Enterprise go-to-market versus your bookings performance with Norton?
Stephen M. Bennett: Yes. I think that -- well, no, it's all -- the great majority of it is Enterprise. Norton is down year-over-year, but not nearly to the amount that -- and Norton was pretty much in line with expectations. So the big surprise was new licensed sales to business customers through -- directly or through the channel, which was down in the neighborhood of 30% year-over-year. That's really the driver. I mean, there's lots of things we could say to blame it on somebody else. But this was the decision I made, I believe it was the right decision, I believe it'll pay big dividends for us as we work our way out of the pothole that I created.
Brad A. Zelnick - Macquarie Research: And Steve, could you maybe just comment about the precision of your updated guidance relative to where it stood 3 months ago now that you've looked into the abyss and you've seen what we hope is the worst of the transformation. Clearly, all that you've done here was necessary and unprecedented and I'm hoping now that you've got a greater handle, you can maybe speak to the confidence you have?
Stephen M. Bennett: I would tell you that I have more confidence in the guidance we issued today than I did in the guidance we gave for last quarter because of the uncertainty. We don't -- to me, it should be onward and upward from here. And we said this would be -- the second quarter would be the toughest quarter, because we were making all these changes and we did the best we could and, look, we missed the low end of our range by $13 million and -- but more importantly, we missed on bookings of new license by around 30% and so I have more confidence on the guidance going forward. I -- we did the best we could in Q2, and I'm disappointed that we didn't do a better job, but we did the best we could.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Robert Breza with RBC Capital Markets.
Robert P. Breza - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Steve, obviously, this [indiscernible] results on the Enterprises sales. I know you're going to be rolling out these changes going into Europe next quarter and then into the Asia Pacific region the following quarter. I guess, how have you, I guess, what have you learned in North America here this past quarter that you're going to be changing as you go into the next 2 big geographies?
Stephen M. Bennett: Yes. I don't know, Robert, exactly what you're referring to. But we rolled out renewals in EMEA in the second quarter. And I think in some parts of APJ, the same thing. I'm not sure we're all the way there in APJ yet, but almost all the way there. So, what change, specifically, were you talking about to make sure I heard you right?
Robert P. Breza - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I was under the impression that you're rolling out the changes on the Enterprise sale side across the geographies in a geographical rollout manner?
Stephen M. Bennett: No. Sorry, we bit the bullet and did almost all of it around the world in Q2. And to build on your point and that's why as we looked at, to Brad's earlier question or Walter's point, we looked at, is there a geography problem here? No. Actually, all of the geographies were within a couple percent of each other of their new license booking miss. So it was phenomenon that was not industry, geo, product. It was pretty consistent around the world, which means I was the problem. I can't blame it on any of the -- of our geo leaders. It was my guidance that underestimated the impact of these transformational changes.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Aaron Schwartz of Jefferies.
Aaron Schwartz - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: If we look sort of look forward, now that you're through this quarter, you have a number of new products coming out and I imagine we'll get sort of the product roadmaps at some point. But now that you've shifted your sales force towards hunters, how are they communicating to their new customers when there's still a lot to come on the product front?
Stephen M. Bennett: Aaron, it's such an insightful question. Let me share probably some inside baseball here. We are working really hard. We build engineering road maps that we shared with our team in July that -- for these new roadmaps, because we never really had multiyear roadmaps to solve our most important customers' problems. We are now learning and working really hard and I'm personally involved in building the roadmaps to put in the hands of our sales team, to take to partners and customers and to share with investors or analysts or whoever. And I would expect that by the end of this month, we would have some stuff to talk with you about, that we're pretty excited about and I referred to this in my script, where I say we got to -- we have a great story. Every customer that I go out and talk to, or Francis goes out and talks to, or Stephen Gillett, is very excited or people that come into our briefing center are very excited about what they're hearing about what we're trying to do. And actually, many of them want to become development or lighthouse customers. There's again a weakness -- we haven't done as good a job as we need to, getting those tools and stories into the hands of our sales person -- people and I think that's part of the reason why we had a bit of a stall here. We are working like dogs to get our sales people the tools they need to tell this great story. And again, I think, this is part of our learning and self-inflicted wounds, in addition to the transformation of all the roles. So I think we'll get a lot better on this a lot faster. And it's all hands on deck now to make it happen.
Aaron Schwartz - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. If I could ask a quick follow up. I mean, I know you've spent a lot of time talking about sales management and the sales force and the changes you've made there. If we talk to channel partners, it seems like there's still some changes to come, perhaps, there's maybe an evaluation period on going on right now. But what are the major things to look for? You went through the sales model. You went through some of the product front. Is there still change to come on the channel model in terms of pricing? I mean, what are some other things we should look for?
Stephen M. Bennett: No, I think, Aaron, another -- a very good question and we alluded to it in my script where we're going to announce our new partner program in -- at partner -- our North American partner exchange in Scottsdale in about 3 or 4 weeks. And so the net of it is going to be, in the past, we treated everybody the same and everybody sold everything. And all of our incentives were volume based. I think, net-net, you're going to see a much more -- a strategy much more aligned to having franchises of our products based on the channels' ability to sell and have the technical skills and capability to sell and service the customers and create demand. And we're going to change the economic structures to better reward and enhance the margins for the people that are -- have the ability to create demand and do a great job for customers and their commitment to us. And so this will be a big change, again, that we think is 100% the right thing to do and there'll be some transition on this too. But for the long-term, this is a very, very important part of changing our go-to-market. I think it's a huge opportunity now for us to improve our value proposition for the channel and the partners that have the kind of capabilities that we need. So we're going to be announcing more details around that in about a month.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Greg Dunham with Goldman Sachs.
Gregory Dunham - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Clearly, Enterprise licenses was a challenge this quarter, down $63 million year-over-year. But billings was also down close to $240 million. What's the delta there? What else impacted billings to the rate that it fell?
Stephen M. Bennett: Greg, I don't -- I mean, do we know?
Helyn Corcos: I would say the new license is really what drove the billings weakness, right?
Gregory Dunham - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, but I guess what I just -- maybe I even asked wrong, I have the licenses down $63 million year-over-year and billings down $250 million, so I just want to get the disconnect between those 2.
Stephen M. Bennett: That's what your model is saying?
Gregory Dunham - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes.
Stephen M. Bennett: Well, let's have Helyn follow-up with you afterward. I don't -- I mean, I don't know the answer to your question. But I think revenue, overall, was down, what, 4% year-over-year. And it wasn't 100% license and the 4% is in the neighborhood of $65 million. So maybe our model and our results in your model don't match up. But we'll let her follow-up with you on that.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Yes, just one other element to that is, very often, along with the new license sales is new maintenance and other products, but it's the new license sales that's really the driver, the primary driver for that, Greg. There's other things attached to a deal of the license, that's only a small portion of it. We'll follow-up with you. But that's the primary activity.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Raimo Lenschow with Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Stephen, if you look at the discussion I have with investors is like you guys have, obviously, challenges on the top line because you're changing the model, but given the where Symantec was as a company, on the margin side, there's a lot you can do. If I look at the new guidance now, it looks like the margin progression is much more closely aligned with what's going on, on the revenue side. Can you talk a little bit about how you think about this when the transition takes longer than expected? Are you kind of willing to do something extra on the margins or are we really kind of closely aligned and margin goes with revenue and that's it?
Stephen M. Bennett: Yes, I think it's a good question. And we get new learning every quarter as we see how we perform. Look, I still believe that and I'm still 100% committed. We had a board meeting this week. I said, look, I'm still committed to the 5% growth and greater than 30% margin targets. I think we have margin opportunities here because of our hidden factories and the way we've done things and redundancies. And the big question still now is, can we drive -- how fast can we drive growth? And I think, the answer is, we're investing in the products and we're excited about those, the customer feedback is great about that. We're changing all of these elements of our go-to-market from our sales model, renewals team, partner strategy, e-business capability, all in the same year, we're making a lot of these changes. I believe they're all the right changes for the long-term. And I think we'll get volume growth. And remember, we're still in markets that are growing 8%. So we're taking a beating on the share front while we transform the company, but I think we're going to come out of training camp here and play a much better game and we're still committed to the financial numbers I've shared in January. This is a transition year, we're changing a lot of stuff. We just hit a pothole, but we're still committed to what we said in January.
Operator: We'll go to Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: As you're contemplating your guidance for next quarter and the full year, was there one of the divisions that sort of stood out from the others as far as your reduction in the guidance, whether it be Information Management or Information Security? And then also just following up on Greg's question on deferred revenue, I understand that there was miss in license and, obviously, had license vis--vis to maintenance, but sort of the decline in deferred seems to sort of outstrip or would just be tied to new license growth, just to double check, I mean almost going back to John's question, just to make sure there was no change in renewal rates on Enterprise side or a change in renewal rates on the Norton front and [indiscernible] change?
Andrew H. Del Matto: It's all new license, Phil. It's all new license. There is no change in anything else.
Stephen M. Bennett: Yes, Phil, if you don't mind my adding that, very often, there are other things bundled into a deal. New license is reflective of just one piece of the sales activity. There is maintenance attached to it, but there's often other products that would be a subscription or something else that would attach itself and build up that deferred. So the license is only a small percent of any individual transaction.
Andrew H. Del Matto: But it's the driver.
Stephen M. Bennett: Yes, it's a reflection of the activity.
Andrew H. Del Matto: If you don't get the license, you don't have to worry about all the other stuff.
Stephen M. Bennett: Yes, that's the point. What was your first question, Phil?
Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: As you contemplated the guidance for the second half, if there is one sort of subdivision that sort of stood out from others as far as the reduction? Also just one quick one, you guys talk about a 3% to 4% decline in constant currency. If rates stay the same in March, what would be the full year effect of currency?
Stephen M. Bennett: While you guys are thinking about that, I think the answer is, there's no big positive or negative. I think NetBackup is a great product for us. We have a new release coming that we're excited about. I think we might get some traction on that as we move through Q -- end of the fourth quarter. It's a big business for us and it's been performing well. We -- Appliance has been great. We have some good things coming there. So I think we have a great Information Management business and we have a great security business. But what we're -- but there is no pattern or anything in terms of one product versus the other, it's a general -- because we affected 90% of the people in our coverage model. So there's nothing that stuck out that's material in answer to your question about a specific products and guidance and all that. There wasn't in the second quarter and there's not factoring that into our thinking in the Q3 or Q4. We'll see if we've got -- do you know how much currency would be for the total year? Well, our currency adjusted was like 1.5 to...
Andrew H. Del Matto: Make sure we got the question right, Philip. But we expect revenue for fiscal 2014 to be down 3% to 4% in constant currency.
Stephen M. Bennett: [indiscernible]
Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So the currency -- because you gave what your currency assumption was for December and the revenue impact for the December quarter, I was just saying if rates stay the same in March as you've assumed in December, what would be the full year effect?
Helyn Corcos: We can get back...
Stephen M. Bennett: Philip, we'll get back to you on that.
Andrew H. Del Matto: We have -- we'll post it.
Operator: We'll take our next question from James Wesman with Raymond James.
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Michael Turits on for James Wesman. The backup side of the business, it sounds like Appliances were strong, Backup Exec is still challenged. Are you seeing any change in requirements of customers and in the competitive landscape on the backup side as we move towards cloud? Are we starting to see new types of competitors or are you going to market for your customers who now are having cloud requirements for backup any differently?
Stephen M. Bennett: It's a great question, Michael, and I just I was at a Gartner conference talking to their backup specialist, so let me give you -- his view was that for many business, they're not going to back up into the Cloud. And so he thinks that people are way over overestimating the backup. Now, what we're doing is we're going to and are building backup capabilities, whether they're on-premise or in partnership with the cloud. And so I think our backup story is NetBackup remains strong. Appliances, we had a softer quarter than we have been having. Appliances remains strong and we're still digging our way out of the self-inflicted wounds we had from Backup Exec, which we have another release coming in the next 6 months that we think will really get our head above water there. I think the market has started to change and as fewer people buy servers, you buy a server at a small business, you generally buy backup. I think the market dynamic has changed, which is why we're reinventing Information Management with some of the new offerings that we're -- we announced in January, because we want to solve a higher order problem for customers in backup. We still want to have the leading backup point solutions, but we want to focus on and have announced these higher order solutions too, like business BCP and some of the other things, the information fabric that we've been talking about recently. So I think the market is changing. I think we're making progress, but there's a lot of moving parts now and we have to get our head above water on Backup Executive to get back on the full speed track.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Steve, I've gotten a lot of questions from your investors on the sales alignment and I realize that you said the bulk of the realignment is done. But I'm curious if you could just drill into a little bit about what you actually changed for territories, quotas, if you could just give us a sense of what's changed, so we can better understand what happened a little bit behind the scenes?
Stephen M. Bennett: Sure, sure. No, it's pretty simple. Say that, in the past, you were a salesperson, was a generalist salesperson. This happen up through Q1. And your territory was Boston or a part of Boston. Okay, what happened July 1 is you became either a Information Security or an Information Management Specialist. Then let's say the size of your account base probably doubled or your coverage territory probably doubled. But your focus narrowed. That happened to over 90% of our sales people starting in July. That's a pretty big change. And remember then in addition to that, and you're only focused on new license, where in the past, you were compensated, and the bulk of your revenue or your activity or bookings was based on renewals. So the change is you became a hunter with the new territory with a specialization in either Information Management or Information Security. That's a big change to bite all at one time.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And you've spent a lot of time in the software industry. When you think of the ramp that's typically can be a 6- to 9-month process for bringing someone new on, but given that they've been there, do you feel like a 6-month ramp is kind of what you're thinking through in terms of getting them back up to full productivity underneath the new model?
Stephen M. Bennett: Well, the good news is, we're through the first 3 months. And so I think you're right. I'm hoping it's 3 to 6 more months. I think -- look, there's still a lot of uncertainty here and that's why we're prudent in our guidance. So obviously, we're going to try and do the best we can do because we believe this is the right path. I think the better job we do, the faster they will become more productive and I shared some of the things we are doing now to better enable them and give them better tools. So we're moving as fast as we can. But I think we, being prudent, I think, it's going to take another 1 or 2 quarters to get where we want to be and I think we'll be roaring -- starting to roar when we go into fiscal year '15. And so I think that's the best insight that we have now. This is a pretty massive change. And look, a bunch of you wrote about this. And so there's no surprise here. The surprise is it was bigger than we thought. But we -- and so now we're working hard to recover. And the good news is, as we get better on the sales structure settling and we have new offerings coming and we have a lot of new positive things that we think are going to help us gain additional traction too. So there's a lot of moving parts here. This is not at all about our sales team or sales execution. It's really about the transition we put, I put the sales team through and now what we can help them -- how we can help them with enablement and messaging to help them be even more successful going forward. So we have a strong sales team and they're adjusting rapidly and effectively to this, it's just a lot to digest in a short period of time.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Pat Walravens with JMP group.
Patrick D. Walravens - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Steve, as I look, you have over 1,000 open positions listed on the Careers part of your website. Are you having trouble attracting the kind of talent that you want? And what's your strategy there?
Stephen M. Bennett: So it's a great question. This is a company with 20,000 employees. And if you just look at normal turnover for a company like this, if you looked at normal float, my guess is you went back for the last 20 years, you'd see 1,000 open headcount in a company with 20,000 employees and 10% annual turnover. So the answer is, we're getting great talent. We just actually had somebody accepted, I can't talk about publicly yet, for a very senior role in our products organization. We've hired people from Amazon, from Google. We are acquiring great people that want to sign on and help us with the mission. And then in the sales front, as we get these new offerings coming to market, I think we're going to make our sales people look even smarter than they already are, because we're going to give them these compelling must-have products that solve these important customer problems. So I think we probably have some turnover and some of that would be expected. I mean if we had people that we were paying $200,000 to $300,000 a year to be a farmer, there aren't a lot of those kind of jobs around, I don't mind paying that kind of money or even more for a great hunter. So I think we're having a natural selection here. But we are not having trouble finding talent and I think the 1,000 number you talk about is normal float for a company of our size and scope.
Operator: And it appears there are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the conference back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Stephen M. Bennett: Well, guys, this was a surprising and disappointing quarter for me. But as I said, I believe everything we're doing, we reflect and we try and learn and adjust and course correct. And what I would tell you, I'm disappointed in the quarter, not that -- about the performance that we underestimated the impact. At the same time, I'm -- never been more confident in our ability to win in this company and based on the feedback I'm getting from our employees, from our customers and from our partners. So we've got to dig ourselves out of the ditch here, we're working hard to make that happen. I think '15 through '17, we're going to be right on track with what we've shared. It's just a little bump in the road or a big bump in the road here, because of the disappointing bookings that we had in the balance of this year. So we'll work our way through it, we'll learn from it and we'll be better and thanks for all your support and help on this in -- as we get through it. Good talking together and I'm looking forward to next quarter, where, hopefully, we have a lot better story.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. We appreciate your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2013-07-30 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Helyn Corcos - Vice President of Investors Relations Stephen M. Bennett - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director James A. Beer - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Brad A. Zelnick - Macquarie Research John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Aaron Schwartz - Jefferies LLC, Research Division James Wesman Robert P. Breza - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital, Research Division Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Chaitanya Yaramada - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Symantec's Fiscal First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Helyn Corcos, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Helyn Corcos: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our call to discuss our First Quarter 2014 Results. With me today are Steve Bennett, Symantec's President and CEO; and James Beer, Executive Vice President and CFO. In a moment, I will turn the call over to Steve. He will discuss our execution during the quarter and provide some thoughts on our future. Then, James will provide highlights of our financial results, as well as outline our guidance assumptions. This will be followed by a question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay on Symantec's Investor Relations website. A copy of today's press release and supplemental financial information has been posted on our website. Our prepared remarks will be available also on the website after the call is completed. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that we made several financial reporting changes this quarter. These include reorganizing our business into 3 new segments, eliminating the Other segment and changing our accounting policy for commission expensing. We've included re-casted historical financials based on these changes in our supplemental doc and press release in order to provide you with comparable financials. Also, we provide year-over-year constant currency growth rates in our prepared remarks, unless otherwise stated. Earnings-per-share growth rates are provided on an as-reported basis only. A summary of our year-over-year constant currency and actual growth rates are included in our press release table and in our supplemental information. Some of the information discussed on this call, including our projections regarding revenue, operating results, EPS, cash flow from ops, amortization of acquisition-related intangibles and stock-based compensation for the coming quarter contained forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties can be found in the company's most recent periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Symantec assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP results, which can be found in the press release and the supplemental doc. And now, I'd like to introduce our CEO, Mr. Steve Bennett.
Stephen M. Bennett: Thanks, Helyn, and good afternoon, everyone. I'd like to start by saying how proud I am of the team's execution this quarter. In a period of significant organizational change, we grew organic revenue by 3% and expanded non-GAAP operating margins to 25.3%. Over the past 12 months, the team has made significant progress transforming the company. By the end of July, we will be almost done with our organizational simplification initiative, bringing the number of management layers and spans of control closer to industry standards and reducing our management structure by 30% to 40%. In addition, we removed some redundancies across the organization during the last quarter resulting in the elimination of some individual contributor positions. From a strategic perspective, our better-than-expected results were driven by strength in some of our largest businesses, like Endpoint Security and Enterprise Backup. Our Endpoint Security business grew again this quarter, driven by the strength of our offerings. And our Enterprise Backup business continues its strong double-digit growth as we focus on simplifying the complexity inherent in today's backup environments. By delivering an easy-to-use integrated backup appliance that addresses customers' unmet and underserved needs, we have gained share and driven higher top line organic growth for the company. While we are pleased with our progress on many fronts, we have some areas where we still have some improvement opportunities, one being Backup Exec. We believe we're on the right track to resuming growth in fiscal year '15. Last week, we delivered a Backup Exec release focused on expanding platform support and improving quality. We're also optimistic about another Backup Exec release planned for the end of this fiscal year that will address migration issues and provide additional capabilities that will benefit our customers. From an FY '14 financial perspective, we are reiterating our revenue guidance of 0% to 2% growth with a 200-basis-point improvement in operating margins. In the near term, we're factoring uncertainty associated with implementing additional go-to-market changes into our September quarter guidance. I'll let James provide the specifics of our guidance for the September quarter. Over the FY '15 to FY '17 timeframe, I remain confident we will deliver an organic revenue growth CAGR above 5% with greater than 30% operating margins. There are a number of reasons I'm confident in the future of Symantec. We've continued to deliver while both running the company and at the same time significantly changing the company. We continue to attract top senior-level talent who are signing on to be part of our important mission and want to be part of helping transform the company. I've never seen such a target-rich environment with so many large unmet, underserved customer needs in markets that are already growing 8% to 10% according to IDC reports. We're also excited about our new offering strategy with its 3 distinct elements. First, managing our existing point solutions in a more strategic way and being much more rigorous on resource allocation based on the market opportunity for each offering. Second, we are excited about the new integrated offerings that solve higher order, higher value customer problems. This will change the basis of competition in a way that is positive for us and delivers real value for our customers. And third, we can solve even larger customer problems and deliver even more value when we integrate our capabilities with selected other firms. This will help us win in the market and expand our available market. You've heard me talk about the network security providers as an example of this large opportunity. So where are we on these partnerships? In simple terms, we are in advanced discussions with network security partners, including running proof of concepts with selected beta customers. We want to have tangible benefits and proof points before we announce anything related to these partnerships. My team, customers and our partners are very excited about these opportunities and how they can benefit our joint customers. Stay tuned for future announcements. Let me share another thought. You may have read recently about a small but important acquisition we just closed. We acquired some technology assets and hired a technical team of PasswordBank, a provider of multifactor authentication, single sign-on and user management services. As a matter of fact, I'm heading over to see them next week on a European trip. I highlight this because this is the type of acquisition you should expect from us in the future, buying engineering teams and technology, not buying revenue. Our plan is to grow organically, and these types of acquisitions will complement and accelerate our internal innovation approach. Another big area of focus for the team has been on our go-to-market approach. In the second quarter, we're beginning the implementation of many of the changes we talked about in January. New roles for our sales force as hunters versus farmers and changing their incentives to be paid on new business. We're also beginning implementation of the change from a general sales force to one where the vast majority of either information security or information management solutions. We also started the implementation of a new centrally managed renewals organization, which will be up and running by the end of the fiscal year across the world. I'm optimistic that our offerings and go-to-market changes will lead to significantly improved longer-term performance for Symantec. In closing, I'd like to reflect briefly on my 1-year anniversary. I've never been more optimistic about the team and our opportunities. There's been a lot of positive changes at the company so far, and we can feel the momentum building. We've just begun to scratch the surface of what this company will become. I'm confident we have the right team in place to execute our multi-year roadmaps, implement our critical go-to-market changes, launch our new channel strategy and partner programs and continue to make progress on our successful transformation. We'll be satisfied when we reach our 5 and 30 goal, but that would mean we'd still be losing share. In my career, I've never run a business that lost share. So while we'd be satisfied with beating 5 and 30, we wouldn't be happy. We are setting our sights much higher. In the meantime, we'll continue to work hard executing our strategy and putting points on the board so we can consistently deliver better results for our employees, customers, partners and shareholders. Thanks for your support. And with that, I'll turn the call over to James.
James A. Beer: Thank you, Steve, and good afternoon. I'm pleased by our overall performance in the June quarter while we concurrently made progress towards simplifying our organization and planning for significant sales and go-to-market changes. In the September quarter, we'll be implementing our new sales organization structure, territories and compensation plan. June quarter GAAP revenue grew 3% in constant currency to $1.71 billion. Organic constant currency revenue also grew 3% year-over-year, driven by strength in our Backup, Information Security and Endpoint Security businesses. As more customers are choosing to purchase subscription services, our total subscription businesses grew 5% and accounted for 45% of total revenue compared to 44% of revenue in the year-ago period. Enterprise subscriptions, which exclude the Norton business, grew 12% and accounted for 15% of total revenue as compared to 14% in the prior year. In aggregate, 89% of total revenue was ratable in the June quarter. GAAP operating margin for the implement -- excuse me, in alignment with our 4.0 strategy, we created 3 new business segments. We also allocated certain shared expenses from the Other segment into our 3 new segments in order to provide a clearer picture of segment profitability. Now, to review the results of these new segments. The User Productivity & Protection segment, which is comprised of Endpoint Security and Management, encryption and mobile businesses, grew 1% to $732 million. We are pleased with the continued growth of our Endpoint Security businesses driven by growth in both Norton and Enterprise Endpoint Protection. We expect growth in our Endpoint Security businesses to be flattish for the balance of the fiscal year. This growth was offset by weakness in our Endpoint Management business due in part to customer uncertainty surrounding previous divestiture rumors in the early part of 2013. GAAP operating margin for the User Productivity & Production segment was 35%, flat year-over-year. The Information Security segment, which includes our authentication, mail and web security, hosted security services, data center security, MSS and DLP offerings, grew 9% to $336 million. Our trust services business continues to perform well, in part because many of our customers are choosing to protect more corporate website interactions rather than just the sites that involve e-commerce transactions. GAAP operating margin for the Information Security segment was 8% compared to negative 3% in the year-ago period as we begin to scale our emerging Information Security portfolio. The Information Management segment drew -- grew 4% to $641 million and is comprised of our offerings related to backup and recovery; information intelligence which includes archiving and e-Discovery; and information availability which we previously referred to as storage management. Our backup and recovery businesses grew high single digits, driven by double-digit growth in NetBackup, offset by continued weakness in Backup Exec. Strength continued in our integrated backup appliances as customers look for ways to simplify their expanding backup environments. According to a recent IDC report, our share of the backup appliance market for the first quarter of calendar 2013 has more than doubled year-over-year, driving us into the #2 share position. GAAP operating margin for the Information Management segment was down 4 percentage points year-over-year to 23% as we continue to invest in areas such as appliances and technical support. Turning now to total company margins. Non-GAAP gross margins declined 59 basis points year-over-year to 83.6% as we continue to grow our subscription and appliance businesses. GAAP operating margin was 13.1%, down 190 basis points year-over-year, driven primarily by $83 million in restructuring and transition charges. Employee layoff notifications occurred in May and June, as well as in the month of July. We expect the balance of our projected severance and benefits payments of $220 million to $250 million to be realized throughout the rest of the fiscal year. Non-GAAP operating margin was 25.3%, up 36 basis points year-over-year as increased commission expenses and investments in R&D were offset by top line growth and lower-than-expected OEM fees. Non-GAAP net income of $308 million resulted in fully diluted non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.44, up 7% year-over-year as reported, driven primarily by improved operating leverage from stronger-than-expected revenue performance. Deferred revenue was $3.81 billion, down sequentially as expected and in line with historical seasonal patterns. Year-over-year, deferred revenue grew 3%. We exited the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $3.8 billion, following the maturity of our $1 billion of convertible notes. Approximately 41% of our cash balance resides onshore. In the June quarter, we returned $230 million to shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and dividends. On June 27, we paid our first dividend of $0.15 per share for a total of $105 million. We also spent $125 million to repurchase 5.2 million shares at an average share price of $23.96. Symantec has approximately $1 billion remaining in the current board authorized stock repurchase plan. Cash flow from operating activities for the June quarter totaled $312 million, down 8% year-over-year driven primarily by spending on operational improvements in areas such as support and our ongoing ERP implementation. Now, I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing our guidance. For FY '14, we reiterate our constant currency revenue guidance of 0% to 2% growth and non-GAAP operating margin expansion of 200 basis points. As a reminder, we continue to expect a currency headwind driven primarily by weakness in the yen. We also expect non-GAAP EPS to grow between 5% to 7% in FY '14. We have identified $350 million in annual spending that is not aligned with our 4.0 strategy. We have reallocated the majority of these resources to key growth opportunities, and the remaining savings will be used to expand operating margins in fiscal '14. As discussed last quarter, we expect cash flow from operations for fiscal year 2014 to be down approximately $200 million year-over-year driven by severance cash payments. Our September quarter guidance takes into consideration the significant changes our sales organization will be undergoing, as well as the associated risk. These changes include realigning our sales territories faster than expected, reducing costs through headcount reductions, redesigning the coverage model, launching the new renewals team, converting our generalist sales force to one that's specialized, focusing our sales organization on new business only and redefining compensation incentives. For the September 2013 quarter, we expect GAAP revenue to be in the range of $1.65 billion to $1.69 billion compared to $1.7 billion in the year-ago period. Approximately 77% or $1.28 billion of our September quarter revenue is estimated to come from the balance sheet. We expect GAAP operating margin to be in the range of 13.6% to 14.2% compared to 17.5% in the year-ago period. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be in the range of 25.8% to 26.4% compared to 27% last year. GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be between $0.22 and $0.24 as compared to $0.27 in the year-ago period. Non-GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be between $0.42 and $0.44 as compared to $0.45 in the year-ago period. We expect cash flow from operations to be down slightly year-over-year compared to the September 2012 quarter, driven by cash outflows related to severance payments. As part of our enhanced capital allocation strategy, we will issue a quarterly cash dividend of $0.15 per share, equivalent to a yield of 2.5% based on the closing stock price of $24.25 on July 25, 2013. Payment will occur on September 18 to shareholders of record on August 26. In addition to paying dividends, we will also continue to buy back our shares. Our guidance for both the quarter and the full year assumes an effective tax rate of 27.5%. We expect common stock equivalents for the quarter of approximately 705 million shares and expect our share count to remain flat for the full year. And now, I'll turn it over to Helyn so that we can start taking some of your questions.
Helyn Corcos: Thank you, James. Gwen, will you please start polling for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Helyn Corcos: While the operator is polling for questions, I'd like to update you on our upcoming investor events. We'll be presenting at the Citi Global Technology Conference on September 4 in New York. We will be reporting our fiscal second quarter results on October 23. For a complete schedule of our investor-related events, please visit the Events section of the Investor Relations website. Gwen, we're ready for our first question.
Operator: We'll take our first question from Brad Zelnick with Macquarie.
Brad A. Zelnick - Macquarie Research: And great job especially considering all that's going on, not only at Symantec but in the environment more generally. Steve, on the product side, can you talk about the progress you're making on the new solution areas and when we might hear additional details on what the initial offerings look like? And is it fair to say that a changing product roadmap might have impacted customer decisions and caused some hesitation, the results might have otherwise been even better or am I stretching here?
Stephen M. Bennett: You're stretching. I think that we just shared with our sales force and obviously, we've been sharing with some of our customers these roadmaps when we had our Worldwide Sales and Marketing Conference a couple of weeks ago. And the feedback from both customers, partners and salespeople has been very, very positive. And so we are trying to figure out what the right path is. I know we'll talk about this at Investor Day next May, and my guess is there -- that you'll see some of this between now and then, and we don't really have a good path on this. But it's -- of the 10 new offerings that we announced, we still have 10. One didn't make it and we came up with the idea of one new one. And so your feedback, all of your feedback to Helyn and the best way for us to share some of these data would be helpful. But I think that it did not affect revenue in the current period, but we're excited about how it'll help us meet the 5% CAGR that we talked about longer term.
Brad A. Zelnick - Macquarie Research: Steve and James, you listed a good 1/2 dozen vectors of change to the sales model heading into 2Q. It seems unprecedented the degree of change. But is there any reference point in the past that gives confidence that your guidance sufficiently accounts for the risks associated with all these changes that you're making?
James A. Beer: Well, I think it's important to recognize how much of our revenue in the quarter is ratable. So I particularly drew reference in the June quarter to that 89% number. And for the September quarter, the starting balance sheet will drive 77% of our revenue. And then we'll add to that based on ratable activity from in-period sales. So I think that should give you some comfort as to the revenue guide that we put out there.
Brad A. Zelnick - Macquarie Research: And just a very quick follow-up, sir, just based on that comment, would it be fair to say that as we model deferreds into September that maybe we should exercise a little bit more conservatism than typical seasonality?
James A. Beer: I think that's probably appropriate. That would certainly be consistent with the approach that we've taken for setting the guidance range.
Operator: And we'll go next to John DiFucci with JPMorgan.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Steve, it sounds like you started separating...
Helyn Corcos: John, we can't hear you. Can you speak up please? [Technical Difficulty]
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Steve, it sounds like you started separating maintenance renewals from the sale of new business this quarter, or at least got the ball rolling. But I think either you or James said that you'll have the renewals team fully up and running by the end of the fiscal year. I guess, can you give us a little more detail on the status of that? Are you rolling that out regionally? And if you are, where are you, I guess, here in the -- I would assume, you would -- if you're going to do that, you might do it here in the U.S. first. But can you give us a little more detail on that? That would be helpful.
Stephen M. Bennett: Yes, I think, John, what we talked about was we're rolling it out in a thoughtful way as we talked about, going as fast as we feel comfortable with given all the moving parts. And so we're not going to release kind of the details by country or geo, and I think it'll be different in Asia Pacific based on the different languages that there might be in the U.S. or Europe. And so I think the -- we launched in the second quarter in some geographies, and some will come in later in the year and we expect to launch in all of them between now and the end of the fiscal year. I think that's kind of what we wanted to talk about at this point.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And if I could, James, you maintained a constant currency guidance for the year for the top line of 0% to 2% growth. Our math would indicate the reported numbers, given where the currencies are today relative to a year ago, would indicate something in the order of minus 2% to 0% growth. Because I think there's -- the reason I'm asking is because I think there's some confusion out there with investors. Is that accurate? Would that be the reported if it's 0% to 2% constant currency?
Stephen M. Bennett: Yes, that would be consistent with the sort of headwind that we're looking at in that range, yes.
Operator: And we'll go next to Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I was hoping you could give us a little bit of a mark-to-market on where we are with particularly some of these changes in the sales reorg. We often look at sort of the beginning of fiscal year as the time that these sale changes take place, granted this might be a little bit of a different scenario considering you overall rework. But to what degree do these sales changes start in Q1? How far are we through them when you look to this stuff about realigning sales territories and redesigning the coverage models and stuff like that?
Stephen M. Bennett: I think we shared what we wanted to share, Keith. And we said that we turned on the renewals part in some parts of the world in Q2 that -- and that we are in the process of implementing new territories and James' Information Management and Information Security specialization. And those changes are in play and they're going to happen between now and the end of the fiscal year where we're going to implement all the changes that we talked about in some sequential fashion. Yes, so none of those changes were in place in Q1. And we have a traditional model where an enterprise field salesperson was getting compensated on new and renew, but that was really for the last time. But what was covered in Q1 is that we eliminated and changed the entire management structure of the sales force, so it's not that the sales force was not impacted in -- but we impacted sales management in Q1, but not salespeople. Now, we start with some changes that are affecting salespeople.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. If I could sneak one more in, one of the concerns heading into the new fiscal year was the idea that perhaps at the end of your prior fiscal year, salespeople seeing these changes on the horizon would have drained the pipeline. Obviously, we didn't see that impact in Q1 results. How are you guys feeling about the overall pipeline right now? Are the build rates -- are they sort of in line with your expectations?
Stephen M. Bennett: I think we feel surprisingly good. We've looked at the data for the first 3 months of the second quarter and we're ahead of the previous year. So we did not see -- and we put governors on the amount of renewals so that people could get commissioned on in Q1, so we actually feel like -- that we managed Q1 -- we didn't try and maximize Q1. I think it happened naturally, and we're ahead of where we were through the first 3 weeks of July versus last year, and so we feel quite excited about. I think the thing that's most important is there's a lot of positive energy in our company you right now, and we've gone through some tough changes in Q1. We're going to go through some more in Q2. But there's a lot of positive energy from all of our employees, and I think they like what's going and I think they're stepping up their game. And that's sometimes hard to predict, the impact that will have at the end of the quarter. But there's a lot of positive momentum for us in -- with our employees.
Operator: We'll go next to Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: James, I want to ask you about the expense impact here of the restructuring that you saw in the quarter. And could you help us out in understanding the, I think it was $996 million in OpEx? How much of that had the restructuring in it and how much is still to come in terms of -- I know you've had kind of a mid-quarter impact of the actions you took?
James A. Beer: Yes, so our restructuring and transition expenses are GAAP-only items. And so that's $83 million for the quarter, and the significant majority of that was driven by severance, the balance was driven by ongoing ERP implementation. So I would expect that we'd see a larger number in Q2 as we build on through our reorganization process. We've got through very significant majority of the employee notifications at this point. The activity in terms of booking the severance and so forth comes a little later.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. I guess I was more focused on the ongoing run rate of expenses and understanding that you probably didn't see the full benefit of the restructuring, the restructuring on the run rate of OpEx, not the charges you were taking. Can you talk about just the run rate of expenses that you saw in the June quarter and how much of those come down just simply based on having a full quarter impact of that -- those actions you took mid-quarter [indiscernible] June quarter?
James A. Beer: Yes, we saw relatively little impact in the June quarter just because of the timing of what I was mentioning a little earlier there. And so I would expect that to start picking up in the September quarter and be getting closer to a full quarterly run rate in the third quarter.
Stephen M. Bennett: Well, the restructuring impact will be picking up. But the cost -- the benefits will be starting to -- the cost base will start to go down, yes, and we'll see more of that in Q2. And then in the second half will be more into the full run rate benefit, if you will.
Operator: We'll go next to Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Steve, from an operational alignment, is there a milemarker you could give us a sense of kind of how far you are through unveiling the playbook you want to put in place? Are you 60%, 70% of the way through? Are you 40%? I don't know what the right number to think about, but can you give us a sense of, just from a high level, where you're at and maybe the next big things that you feel like you need to do now considering the success of the initial plan?
Stephen M. Bennett: We're at the 1-mile mark in a marathon, so 1-mile mark out of 26 miles. And the flywheel is just starting to spin. We had our officers' meeting where we got the top 140 people in the company together a couple of weeks ago. I will tell you, the people that were here before and are still here are different people than they were a year ago in a positive sense, and I shared an interesting statistic with the officers that investors probably should see, too. Of the top 12 people that were running the company a year ago, 7 are no longer with the company. And our officer population, which was 146, I think, a year ago, 70 are no longer with the company. So we've had quite a significant leadership transition. We've attracted some great talent from the outside, and the 70-plus officers that were here a year ago, that are still here, including both James and Helyn, are different people in a positive sense than they were a year ago. So we're -- but we're at the 1-mile marker on a long-term journey and there's no big silver bullets, there's no big catalysts here. It's going to be slow and steady, build a foundation a brick at a time and continue to -- on the path to make this company the best that it can be.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Phil Winslow with Crdit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just to build on some of the prior questions asked about sort of just where we are in terms of just the changes into the sales force. Clearly, some went into this quarter, some of it sounds like it's going to be going on here in fiscal Q2. But when do you sort of expect to have, for example, your most quotas in place, the realignment on sort of the complete rollout of the renewals team kind of as you think of sort of milemarkers over the course of this year?
Stephen M. Bennett: Okay, I think we're not going to give you guys the details you keep asking for because we don't want to be held accountable to the timeline details on implementing something that we're moving as fast as we can. I think it's safe to say that more will happen earlier rather than later, but that will be complete by the end of the fiscal year.
Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Then just to slide one in there. I guess with some of the relationships you have on the PC OEM side, just wondering if you could give us an update just on your kind of general thinking about the upsides or the downside from those with some of these and once come up for renewal over the next couple of years?
James A. Beer: Yes, I think that as we've been quite clear on in the past, nothing has changed. And current deals we have are not attractive to us, and we'd be financially ahead if we didn't have the deals we have. And it might hurt us a little bit on revenue, but we'd be financially ahead. That hasn't changed, and so we don't know what's going to happen. Time will tell. We're not going to sign another money-losing deal, I can guarantee you on that. And so time will tell and we'll see how that all plays out.
Operator: We'll go next to Aaron Schwartz with Jefferies.
Aaron Schwartz - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Steve, you've talked a lot about partnerships with other security companies. I think you've also referred to this maybe as the information security service. But I apologize for asking the stupid question here, but maybe you could help us out with sort of how the economics of those transactions will work if you sell that to your customer base? And then maybe for James, is that more of a sort of ratable model? Should we expect a little bit different shift over the years as this gains some traction?
Stephen M. Bennett: I think -- no, I think it's actually a really good question. And I think the answer is it'll be completely a service, it will completely ratable, so I can handle that one for James. I think the concept here is MSS on steroids with much broader and more capability, which integrates our stuff into a platform with third-party stuff. Because as we said in the third element of our offering strategy that we've learned that we can integrate with third parties to deliver even more value for customers, and we're working on those deals. I have a meeting tomorrow actually with one of them, and we've been having meetings for quite a while. So I think it will be completely of service, and you'll start to see modules of that coming in the roadmap as early as within 6 months. And so -- but it will be a slow and steady release of these new capabilities, that's why they're multi-year roadmaps, and we're very excited about it. Every CIO I've talked to about this ISS concept said, "If you had that, I'd buy it". And how will the economics work? We haven't figured all that out yet, but we will deliver a lot of value to customers. And my view is we will get paid for the value we deliver for customers because we will save them a lot of money and we'll also have nice margins in those services.
Aaron Schwartz - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And a quick follow-up, if I could. You talked a lot about some of the changes at the sales management level. But last week, you also talked or had a release out of some several senior management additions to the company. Are you complete on sort of that higher-level management additions there? Can you just update on that side of it?
Stephen M. Bennett: Well, we just hired a CMO and we're -- I think their first day is Thursday. And so that is a really, really key hire for us and we've got really a spectacular individual that's chosen to join our team as the CMO. And I think we -- at the top, we're pretty -- in pretty good shape. I think we'll continue to evolve. And we have high-performance standards here, so that doesn't mean we'll ever be done. I think we'll continue to evolve. But I think for the most part, in the top 23 or 24 people that sit around the table with me every 2 weeks and run the company, I think we've got a strong team and it's getting better individually and collectively. And I'm very excited about the progress we're making.
Operator: We'll go next to James Wesman with Raymond James.
James Wesman: It's James Wesman sitting in for Michael. First question, on the User Productivity & Protection division, how do you feel it will be impacted by PC shipments? I know you'd said you felt the Endpoint business would be flat, but there are other tech vendors that have said that they thought PCs would likely be down double digits next quarter and down for the foreseeable future. Do you feel like that division can grow for the quarter and for the year with this set?
Stephen M. Bennett: We just did. I mean, we just told you that we just grew in Endpoint today despite headwinds in Altiris, we grew Norton and we grew our SEP Enterprise business. So the -- and we're also doing well in mobile. Actually, I just saw an e-mail beforehand. We just got a $1.4 million mobile deal from a very large retailer, so I think that just booked like today. So I think that we've estimated in all of our forecasts, in 5 and 30, that the Endpoint market was going to be flat. So that said, we grew Norton and we grew our Enterprise Endpoint business this quarter despite PC sales. So I think this big focus on PC sales having some dramatic impact on Symantec is -- was a great question 10 years ago, to be honest, when that was really all we did. But this is a much more diversified portfolio now, and we do all sorts of different things. And so I don't think PC sales has a huge positive or negative impact on us because of all the other opportunities that we're in that are growing double digits. And as we shift our focus from markets that aren't growing to markets that are and do some innovation, I think we can more than offset the flat growth that we expect in the Endpoint business.
James Wesman: Got it. And a quick follow-up for James. James, gross margins were down slightly year-over-year this quarter, makes sense with the appliance SaaS businesses growing. Should we expect that trend to continue for the rest of the year and for the foreseeable future?
James A. Beer: Well, I think that we'll continue to grow our appliances and subscription businesses, but at the same time, we'll continue to look for ways to make more efficient and effective the costs that create the COGS. So I think directionally, I'd be looking for gross margins around where they are at the moment. So that's what we're focusing on.
Stephen M. Bennett: And a thing I would add to that -- James, I would add to that is this is an important thing for -- at least philosophically, for me to share. At the end of the day, we're solving for in a committed operating margin increases. Gross margins are driven by the mix of business and all sorts of other things. And so some of the new products that we're going to grow -- are going to have different gross margin structure, and that's -- we're going to be competitive and we're going to grow. So at the end of the day, it's important for investors, at least to know my very strong philosophy, it's about revenue growth, organic revenue growth and operating margin expansion. And so I felt like I was compelled to share that today.
Operator: We'll go next to Robert Breza with RBC Capital Markets.
Robert P. Breza - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Steve, I was wondering if you could just comment a little bit, as you're moving more into the kind of services marketplace, do you see yourself competing more against service providers being more of a partner? How do you think about that relationship?
Stephen M. Bennett: Yes, I think that's a really -- Robert, I think that's a really good question. I think as we are in the process of, and I'm intimately involved in a whole new kind of channel strategy for us where I think we have all sorts of interesting opportunities, one of the big things we're talking about is exactly that point that you brought up. And so stay tuned for that. At some point here, it's one of the things that we've talked about in terms of go-to-market enhancements that we think is going to create a lot of value for both the channel and for our customers and allow us to be, frankly, more productive is to have a really powerful partner and channel strategy and program, which we really didn't have in the past. Our strategy in the past was everybody sells everything, that was our channel strategy. And so we're going to be much more strategic, and I think one of the areas we're focusing a lot on is service providers, whether they'd be telcos or whether they'd be some of the hosted service providers and how do we have right-for-me offerings and value propositions for these different channels and have a much more strategic look. And so I think it's a big opportunity for us and stay tuned for some additional insight from us as we firm that up.
Robert P. Breza - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Great. Maybe as a follow-up just pertains -- if you think about taxes, it's always difficult for us, do you see any significant change as we go into next year as you kind of start off this year from a tax rate perspective?
James A. Beer: No, I wouldn't expect significant changes to the tax rate, so I'd stick with the 27.5% guide.
Operator: And we'll go next to Kash Rangan with Merrill Lynch.
Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: One question for you, Steve. What -- can you share a little bit more details on the changes in the go-to-market strategy from a sales standpoint starting this quarter? And one for you James. We've heard quite a few numbers here, $350 million in savings. And you expect next year's cash flow -- or this year's cash flow rather to be down by about $200 million. Can you just walk us through how the restructuring items in the payouts are going to be impacting your financial statements over the next couple of quarters?
James A. Beer: Okay, so in terms of the $350 million of cost that we've identified is not being consistent with the strategy. We have redirected the majority of those to things that are important for the strategy that are going to drive growth. And the remaining money, we're letting it drop to the bottom line to achieve our 200-basis-point margin improvement goal. In terms of cash flow, that will be impacted obviously by the severance charges that we'll be expecting to pay out over the coming several months here. So that will really be the driver. I would expect, beyond this transitional period, to see our cash flow from operations growing consistent directionally with our operating profit growth.
Stephen M. Bennett: So one thing I would add to that, I think it's important for investors to understand, of the $350 million that James talked about, where we're giving $100 million to investors in terms of margin expansion. On the $250 million that we're reinvesting, I think it's important for investors to understand that 80% of that is being invested in things that will produce no fiscal year '14 benefit. So we really have shifted the focus to put more money into things that are going to power longer term growth, and we're quite excited about -- that's a big change for us. And so 80% on no fiscal year '14 benefit and $50 million of that $250 million, we think, could have some impact later on this year.
Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And on the go-to-market, Steve, if you don't mind?
Stephen M. Bennett: Yes. So if you want to just repeat that question?
Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, the -- I was curious on what exactly any specificity on the changes in the go-to-market strategy that you envision if -- starting this quarter, better sales alignment, focus? I just wanted to understand the specifics of what exactly is being done.
Stephen M. Bennett: I think the more macro thought is we've got really 4 or 5 things that we are implementing this year starting in the second quarter, and I think you've heard about all of them between the scripts today. One is we're launching the renewals team. Two, we're changing our sales force from farmers to hunters and paying only on new business. Three, we're focusing the majority of our sales force on being information management or information security specialists. Four, we're working on a new channel strategy that we talked about. And five, we are in the process of retooling our sales incentives over time to pay on profit and revenue, but that won't affect us until fiscal year '15. So those are really the 5 levers that we are filtering in between now and the last one, which will be a fiscal year '15 impact. And so we're not going to get into the details on when we're doing what by country or region or all of that or all those things. We just kind of shared those are the 5 major things we're implementing, and we're doing it as fast as we can and as thoughtful as we can to minimize disruption, all of which we are confident are going to make us a higher performing, faster growth company in the long term.
Operator: And we'll go next to Raimo Lenschow with Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just wanted to shift here a little bit. We talked a lot about the internal drivers for your performance. Can you talk a little bit about what you see in macro? There's a big debate over the things are getting slightly better or not, and I'm just -- specifically wanted to focus on the deals over $1 million, which was up quite significantly year-over-year, but then also kind of talk a little bit about the regions. Asia seems to be the weak spot for a lot of people. Your growth there was 1% still good, but probably the bigger part of their performance overall. So just what are you seeing there?
James A. Beer: Well, I'd say in terms of the macro economy, just slow, steady improvements. There -- fundamentally, there's good demand for both the storage and the security side of our product access. And we've got a terrific set of point products in the market today. And as you've heard, we're busy building the integrated offerings to complement those current products. In terms of the big deals, yes, we were pleased that both the greater than a $1 million and greater than $300k-type deals were off significantly. Those stats can move around from one quarter to another. Geographically, pleased with the European result there at 6% growth, obviously, challenging macro backdrop in Europe, very steady Americas growth as well. Asia, yes, 1%. The story there was around Japan, where we saw some weakness around Norton on the retail level. And in the previous quarter, Q4, Japan had a particularly strong Enterprise quarter. So again, we feel comfortable with the trajectory of the business in Asia Pacific.
Operator: And we'll go next to Gregg Moskowitz with Cowen.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Your information security business grew 9% constant currency and you referenced trust services being strong, just wondering what else in particular did well in that segment to get to that level of growth?
James A. Beer: Well, it was really a range of the different offerings there. So I wouldn't call out anything particularly beyond there were several of the product areas, DLP, Managed Security Services, so it was a good result all around.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then I know you've been investing a lot in that segment, but your operating margins were only 4% last year, although it did improve to high single digits this quarter. Steve, what sort of margin, I guess, do you aspire to for that segment if you look out 2 to 3 years or so?
Stephen M. Bennett: Yes, I think it's a good question, Gregg. And I'm not sure we know because we are investing a lot and we're -- but we're breaking down a lot of barriers in these new offerings and we've had all these silos and redundancies. And so I think this is one of the variables we have to play with. It's a growth market, and we've got good positions and we think we can grow faster and we think we can improve the margins. And I don't have a kind of -- I don't know enough to have an opinion about whether it should be a 25% operating margin business. But I think the more meta point that you're alluding to is over time, my philosophy on this, and some of you have heard me say this, is, look, we want to deliver against the 5 and 30 and put that in the rearview mirror and prove that. And then I think the discussion we're going to have, which is an extension, Gregg, of your question is, okay, now do we deliver more margin or do we deliver faster organic growth and how do we tradeoff between those 2? So my focus at this point is to get over the 5 and 30 hurdle, frankly, as fast as we can. And then second, start -- we'll know more at that point because that's not going to be next quarter. That might be in 1 year, 1.5 years or 2 years. Then we'll know more about our team's ability to execute and invest and deliver, and then we'll have the discussion about operating margin expansion versus organic revenue growth. And at the end, my bias would be the market opportunities are there, the faster we can drive organic growth, the more leverage -- the more value we're going to create for our shareholders. But that's where everybody rightfully is the most skeptical, so let's prove 5 and 30 and then have this discussion after we're over the 5 and 30 bar. So if I could -- I love your question, I'd love to defer it for 1 year or 2 and then have it. And you can hold me to that, bring that up in a couple of years when we're above the hurdle.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Chaitanya Yaramada - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: This is Chaitanya Yaramada for Steve Ashley. Just had a question on sales quotas, and I know a lot of things are changing. But could you comment on maybe how the aggregate sales quarter may look like at the end of this year, this fiscal year compared to last fiscal year? And also you'll be handling these renewals through a separate team by the end of the year, so allowing the sales reps to focus on new business. So how -- what does that mean for sales rep quotas and how will you structure that?
Stephen M. Bennett: Well, the sales rep quotas are going to go down because they're only focused on new business. And the renewals team will have the quota for renewals. So look, I think -- hopefully, you can trust us to manage that because that's a pretty basic thing when you're running a $7 billion company. I think at the end of the day, we believe we're going to have better performance on both fronts because we have focus on new license and incentives aligned with that and we have focus and incentives aligned on renewals. And I think that focus and leadership from the top down will produce better outcomes, and we're quite confident since that's really the norm for everybody else in the industry. Other -- that's a better way to run the railroad. And so we're just copying other people's best practices a few years after they all went that way.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back to Steve Bennett for any closing remarks.
Stephen M. Bennett: So, everybody, thanks for the support. I really am pleased with the performance this quarter. It was way above what I expected. We've been thoughtful about what we've shared. In the next quarter, we're going to try and do the best we can do, but there is some uncertainty and we're quite confident about the 0% to 2% for the year and the path to the 30% margins or the 200 basis points for this year, anyway. But there's a lot of moving parts, and I hope you don't get ahead of me here, which you could, because there's a lot of uncertainty. But at the end of the day, we're going to make this company the best we can be. But we're solving -- we're creating long-term value, not short-term value. And so we're going to take any kind of short-term transition pain to get it right so that we can make this 5 and 30 commitment we made in the January announcement. So thanks for your support and look forward to reporting on how we delivered in the second quarter and maybe to see some of you at the Citi Conference in New York. Goodbye, everybody.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-05-07 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Helyn Corcos - Vice President of Investors Relations Stephen M. Bennett - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director James A. Beer - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Kenneth R. Talanian - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Brad A. Zelnick - Macquarie Research Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Aaron Schwartz - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Gregory Dunham - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division James Wesman Robert P. Breza - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division James Moore - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Richard T. Williams - Cross Research LLC Rob D. Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Symantec's Fourth Quarter and FY '13 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Helyn Corcos, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Helyn Corcos: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our call to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal 2013 results. With me today are Steve Bennett, Symantec's President and CEO; and James Beer, Executive Vice President and CFO. In a moment, I will turn the call over to Steve. He will discuss our execution during the quarter and fiscal year as well as provide some thoughts on fiscal '14. Then James will provide highlights of our financial results as well as outline our guidance assumptions. This will be followed by a question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay on Symantec's Investor Relations website. A copy of today's press release and supplemental information are posted on the website. A copy of today's prepared remarks, including guidance, will be available on the Investor Relations website after the call is completed. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that we provide year-over-year constant currency growth rates in our prepared remarks unless otherwise stated. Earnings per share growth rates are provided on an as-reported basis. We use our foreign currency rules of thumb in our guidance section for the constant currency year-over-year growth rates. For the March quarter, the actual weighted average exchange was $1.32 per euro and the end-of-period rate was $1.28 per euro, compared to our guided rate of $1.32 per euro. For the March 2012 quarter, the actual weighted result was $1.31 per euro and the end-of-period rate was $1.33. We've included the summary of year-over-year constant currencies and actual growth rates in our press release tables and in supplemental information, which is available on the website. Some of the information discussed on this call, including our projections regarding revenue, operating results, deferred revenue, amortization of acquisition-related intangibles and stock-based compensation for the coming quarter contain forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties can be found in the company's most recent periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Symantec assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. In addition to reporting financial results in accordance with generally accepted GAAP -- accounting principles, or GAAP, Symantec reports non-GAAP financial results. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP results, which can be found in the press release and on our website. And now I'd like to introduce our CEO, Mr. Steve Bennett.
Stephen M. Bennett: Thank you, Helyn, and good afternoon, everyone. I continue to be amazed by the great work done by our talented, engaged employees. Our people are focused on execution, and they're delivering. They are also excited about the Symantec 4.0 strategy and mission to protect and manage information so everyone is free to focus on achieving their goals. We delivered better-than-expected results for the quarter and year. Fiscal year '13 results were driven by our strong point solutions such as NetBackup, DLP and other information security offerings, as well as continued growth in our Norton and SEP endpoint products. We grew 3% organically, the largest organic growth rate in 5 years. FY '13 also was the start of the transformation of Symantec. The only significant things that changed during the year were some executive transitions and the January announcement of our new strategy, an organizational simplification initiative. FY '14 will be different. Many critical things will be changing like completing the streamlining of our management structure, reallocating significant amounts of our development resources to focus on our most promising point solutions, exciting new integrated offerings and some exciting new partnerships we haven't announced yet but expect to in the next 90 days. We're also changing our go-to-market strategy in many of the elements, like the creation of a new renewals team, focusing our sales organization on new business only, changing our sales compensation program, converting our generalist sales force to one that's specialized and focused on either Information Management or information security, introducing a new channel strategy and set of partner programs and building a high-powered marketing organization, to mention a few of the most critical. I'm certain that these will lead to significantly improved longer-term performance for Symantec. But in fiscal year '14, there's a bit more uncertainty than normal in our plan than there was in fiscal year '13. We are factoring this into our guidance as best we can. Let's talk in more detail about some of the changes. We're in the middle of rightsizing our management structure. We have made significant progress and are expected to have the final structure completed and in place in July. We are reducing the number of layers and increasing spans of control for our managers to industry standard levels in an attempt to increase the speed of decision-making and to improve accountability and execution. We expect to eliminate between 30% and 40% of our management positions. We will have fewer, bigger jobs for our best and brightest. We are also attracting world-class talent from the outside, some of the most recognized tech companies in the world. Over the next few months, you'll hear more about some great senior-level talent coming to join and strengthen the Symantec leadership team. As the threat landscape evolves and the consumer and enterprise worlds continue to converge, we see real value in merging our Norton and SEP solutions to solve new customer problems and reduce redundant expenses. Moving from protecting the endpoint to protecting people and their information in a device-independent way will help us transform this business. Especially when you think about all the new control points that will be added as we move into the -- enter the era of the Internet of Things with connected devices touching nearly every aspect of our lives. Our Norton business has a large and loyal customer base, and this gives us great foundation to build on as we reinvent this important business. In the short term, we expect the Norton business to deliver flattish revenue growth given market dynamics, including PC unit declines. As mentioned in January, our FY '15 to '17 planning assumption is for this market to be relatively flat over that time horizon. Despite what we are focused -- despite that, we are focused on innovation to define new market opportunities that grow the category. One example is leveraging the powerful Norton brand to help us better reach small businesses. Given how this market has evolved, we are taking a rigorous look at every partnership deal. We will not sign any new agreements that don't make financial sense. Moving away from any OEM distribution partnership would put some pressure on our new customer acquisition in the short term but would be materially accretive to the bottom line. With respect FY '14 financials, we remain committed to delivering 0 to 2% revenue growth and a 200 basis point improvement in non-GAAP operating margin in constant currency for the year. Let me take a second to highlight 2 other things we feel good about. We are still guiding a 200 basis point improvement even though we delivered 60 basis points above expectations on a currency-adjusted basis in the fourth quarter of FY '13. James will provide more details, but let me highlight that margin improvements are not balance throughout the year. They are more back-end loaded as the benefits from organizational simplification dont really begin until the September quarter. Second, we remain committed to returning excess capital to shareholders. With the stock price increase since January, we are maintaining our 2.5% dividend and raising the quarterly amount from $0.13 to $0.15 per share. This amounts to an additional $70 million on an annual basis. We will also maintain the share repurchase activity levels we talked about in January. So in effect, we are now planning to return more cash to shareholders than we announced in January. James will provide more details in a few minutes. In summary, we're happy with the fiscal year '13 performance. In fiscal year '14, we will make significant progress transforming Symantec and building a solid foundation for future profitable growth. We will work hard to deliver solid results in FY '14 while making these important and material changes. We are gaining momentum, and customers, partners and employees have responded well to our strategy. Our markets continue to grow, and we have some exciting new offerings, partnerships and go-to-market changes that will accelerate revenue growth in FY '15 and beyond. As stated in January, we remain committed to delivering compounded annual organic revenue growth above 5% with greater than 30% margins in the FY '15 to '17 timeframe. Let me close by saying that after 9 months, I've never been more excited about our prospects and opportunities, and confident about our ability to transform this company in a very positive way to deliver a much higher level for our customers, employees, partners and shareholders. We are making solid progress every day and getting better on many fronts. Thanks for all of your support and with that, I'll turn the call over to James.
James A. Beer: Thank you, Steve, and good afternoon. I'd like to start with a summary of our financial results for the March quarter and then review our performance during fiscal year 2013. We posted better-than-expected March quarter results, including record revenue and deferred revenue that were driven by double-digit growth in our backup business and continued strength in Data Loss Prevention and our other information security products. Fourth quarter GAAP revenue grew 5% in constant currency to $1.75 billion. This result drove our organic constant currency revenue growth to 4% for the March quarter year-over-year. Our better-than-expected revenue results, coupled with lower spending across the company, expanded our non-GAAP operating margin by 140 basis points year-over-year to 23.9%. Consistent with the growth we are experiencing in our subscription and appliance businesses, non-GAAP gross margins declined 90 basis points year-over-year. Non-GAAP net income of $314 million resulted in fully diluted non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.44. Improved operating leverage from stronger-than-expected revenue performance positively impacted EPS by $0.04. In addition, lower OEM fees and other spending controls each accounted for approximately $0.01 of benefit to EPS. As expected, we received an R&D tax credit benefit, while other one-time tax benefits positively impacted EPS by approximately $0.01. CSEs of 714 million were higher than expected as the increase in our stock price drove greater option exercises and dilution from our convertible notes of approximately 12 million shares. This negatively impacted EPS by $0.01. Cash flow from operating activities for the March quarter totaled $612 million, down year-over-year due to payroll timing and higher spending on product development and restructuring. Now moving onto the full year results for fiscal 2013. We generated record revenue and deferred revenue, expanded non-GAAP operating margins by 60 basis points and delivered double-digit EPS growth driven by our backup and information security businesses. NetBackup, which is the largest product in our portfolio, was one of our fastest-growing businesses in fiscal 2013 driven by strong demand for our backup appliances. Overall, we drove organic constant currency revenue growth of 3%. In FY '13, 87% of total revenue was ratable, and we continue to provide increased revenue predictability as much of the growth in our product portfolio is subscription-based. In aggregate, content, maintenance and subscription revenue grew 5%, while license revenue was flat year-over-year. Subscription revenue, which includes our consumer, authentication, Managed Security Services and SaaS offerings, grew 6% and accounted for 44% of total revenue compared to 43% of revenue in fiscal 2012. Excluding the Consumer business, our enterprise subscriptions grew 12% and accounted for 14% of total revenue as compared to 12% in the prior year. Turning now to our business segments. In fiscal year '13, the Storage and Server Management segment, which consist of our backup, archiving and Storage and Availability Management businesses, grew 5% and generated revenue of $2.48 billion. Specifically, revenue from our backup and archiving business grew 9% year-over-year and 6% organically driven by NetBackup. Revenue in our Storage and Availability Management business decreased 4% year-over-year as headwinds continue from the decline in our customer's use of the Solaris platform. The Security and Compliance segment grew 7% year-over-year and generated revenue of $2.05 billion. Organically, Security and Compliance grew 3% driven by our continued leadership in Endpoint Protection and double-digit growth in our information security business. The Consumer business grew 2% year-over-year to $2.11 billion driven by upselling customers to our premium suites and growing our emerging backup NortonLive Services and Mobile businesses. Our Services business grew 7% year-over-year to $265 million driven by double-digit growth in Business Critical Services as demand for high-touch infrastructure protection services continues to grow. Turning now to total company margins. Non-GAAP gross margin declined 100 basis points year-over-year driven by growth in our backup appliances and subscription businesses. Non-GAAP operating margin was 25.7%, up 60 basis points from the year-ago period driven by our revenue growth and lower OEM fees. We generated $1.6 billion of cash flow from operations, down 16% year-over-year as reported driven by reduced collections due to weak billings at the end of the March 2012 quarter, higher cost of goods sold, restructuring costs and cash tax payments. Our total cash balance of $4.7 billion includes the $1 billion in net proceeds from our debt offering in June 2012 that will be used to retire our $1 billion convertible notes maturing next month on June 15. Excluding this $1 billion, approximately 31% of our cash balance resides in the U.S. During the fiscal year, we spent $826 million to repurchase 49 million shares at an average share price of $16.98, reducing our common stock outstanding count by 7% or a net 3.7% after adjusting for stock compensation. Now I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing our guidance. Starting in fiscal 2014, we will be providing annual guidance as well as quarterly guidance. We are replacing quarterly deferred revenue guidance with operating margin guidance and adding EPS guidance for the year. This change will allow investors to better track our progress against our key financial measures. For fiscal year '14, we remain committed to our revenue guidance of 0 to 2% growth and non-GAAP operating margin expansion of 200 basis points, both on a constant-currency basis. We are maintaining our operating margin target even though in fiscal year '13, on a constant-currency basis, we delivered 60 basis points more than expected. We expect non-GAAP EPS to grow between 5% and 7% in fiscal year '14. For the June 2013 quarter, we expect GAAP revenue to be in the range of $1.61 billion to $1.65 billion compared to $1.67 billion in the year-ago period. Revenue is expected to be lower year-over-year for 2 reasons. First, the weak yen is driving a projected foreign currency headwind of $15 million; and second, our typical Q1 sequential revenue performance has been down about 2.5% versus the 1.7% reduction implied by consensus estimates. This difference equates to another $15 million. We expect GAAP operating margin to be in the range of 8.6% to 8.7% compared to 16.1% in the year-ago period. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be in the range of 22.6% to 22.7% compared to 26.1% last year. GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be between $0.11 and $0.12 as compared to $0.24 in the year-ago period. Non-GAAP earnings-per-share are estimated to be between $0.35 and $0.36 as compared to $0.43 in the year-ago period. EPS is expected to be lower year-over-year driven by the revenue items I just noted and higher spend year-over-year, each accounting for $0.03 of impact to EPS. Also, starting in the June quarter, we expect to implement a new commissions accounting methodology, which would decrease EPS by $0.01 in the quarter. This methodology more evenly distributes the impact of commission expenses across our quarters while more closely aligning our expenses to the timing of the associated recognized revenue. As part of our capital allocation strategy announced in January, we will distribute our first ever quarterly cash dividend of $0.15 per share, equivalent to a yield of approximately 2.5% based on the closing stock price of $24.35 on May 1, 2013. This is a significantly higher dividend payment than what we assumed in January given our recent stock price appreciation. Payment will occur on June 27 to shareholders of record on June 19. In addition to paying dividends, we will continue to buy back our shares. Based on our recent stock performance, more of our outstanding options are in the money, and we are seeing an increased rate of employees exercising options. We plan to use the proceeds from exercised options to add to the previously projected total capital return of $800 million for FY '14. Depending on actual option exercise volumes, this could add between $100 million and $150 million to our total capital return to shareholders in fiscal year '14. Our guidance assumes an exchange rate of $1.31 per euro versus the weighted average rate of $1.28 and the end-of-period rate of $1.27 per euro in the June of 2012 quarter. Our guidance for both the quarter and the full year assumes an effective tax rate of 28%. We expect common stock equivalents for the quarter of approximately 710 million shares, and expect our share count to remain flat for the full year. And now, I'll turn it over to Helyn so that we can start taking some of your questions.
Helyn Corcos: Thank you, James. Gwen, will you please begin polling for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Helyn Corcos: While Gwen is polling for questions, I'd like to update you on our upcoming conference events. We will be presenting at the JPMorgan Investor Conference on May 15 in Boston, and we'll be reporting our fiscal first quarter results on July 30. For a complete schedule of our investor-related events, please visit the Events section of the Investor Relations website. Gwen, we're ready for our first question.
Operator: And we'll take our first question from Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I'm wondering, James, if you could talk about you not guiding to deferred revenue growth. Could you talk about just how we should expect that to track versus revenue? Should it follow historic patterns? And then any comments on cash flow for fiscal '14 would be helpful as well.
James A. Beer: So in terms of deferred revenue, I would expect it to approximately track revenue. What we are seeing is increasing growth in the subscription businesses in the Services business, which of course start out their sales volumes as deferred revenue on the balance sheet. So I would expect directionally deferred revenues to continue tracking along with revenue. In terms of cash flow for fiscal '14, I mean, the first thought is I would expect over a longer run that cash flow would track operating profit growth. In fiscal '14, as we discussed back in January, we'll have some pretty sizable severance charges of the order $220 million to $250 million on severance coming up. And so I would expect cash flow to be down year-over-year in fiscal '14 as a result.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then Steve, can you just talk about on the sales side. I think we've become sort of may be hypersensitive at Symantec to disruptions in the sales force and impact of that. Could you give us a sense of just sort of order of magnitude how many people are changing roles and how you've accounted for that in your -- in both your maybe your Q1 as well as your annual guidance?
Stephen M. Bennett: Walter, I think the big thing is that virtually everybody's changing roles because we're moving from full line of salespeople that were all generalists, selling all of our products and services, to having people that are specialists in Information Management or information security which has been very well received from our customers and from our partners as people have been asking us to be more specialized for a while. So that our core salespeople, it's a big change. And so -- but I would tell you, in my discussions with them, they're very fired up about the changes at Symantec and the new offerings that are coming and the progress we're making. So we have a talented and energized sales force that's going through some degree of change, and we think we're thoughtful about the impact that could have on revenue. But my view is that with all the good things happening, I think we'll get through this without too many significant bumps, at least that's what I'm hoping.
Operator: And we'll go next to John DiFucci with JPMorgan.
Kenneth R. Talanian - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is Ken Talanian in for John. Just first, looking at your guidance for next quarter, on the revenue side, is any of that weakness focused on a specific segment of your business?
James A. Beer: No, I wouldn't say so. I'd just reemphasize the focus on the yen and the way that, that has weakened quite significantly in the last few months, in particular at our normal sequential variance of revenue from the March quarter to the June quarter.
Kenneth R. Talanian - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just generally speaking, on the Consumer business, obviously, we are facing a bit of a headwind, given the PC unit market declines. As you think about that business, how much impact is the upselling to premium in the emerging products like mobile? How much is that compensating for the slowdown in your core market?
James A. Beer: Yes, when you look at our performance of recent times, I'd say about 1.5 points of growth are coming from the new emerging products and services such as mobile.
Stephen M. Bennett: But I think it's important, Ken, to say that OEM deals and PC slowdown is having less and less impact on our new -- it's a decreasing part of our new customer acquisition as we build up our direct e-commerce capability to acquire customers direct. So it used to be like that was the majority, and now it's way, way less than 50% and going down. So while the PC softness puts some pressure on us, I don't think that's going to have as much impact as people might be thinking.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brad Zelnick with Macquarie.
Brad A. Zelnick - Macquarie Research: Steve, if eliminating 30% to 40% of sales management is indicative of the changes you're making to the rest of the sales force, it would seem this could yield even more than the 200 basis points of margin improvement. Because if you're able to get enterprise sales and marketing spend down closer to benchmark, call it 30% of enterprise sales, that would yield more like 600 to 700 basis points of margin improvement. So are you reinvesting some of this elsewhere, or is this just happening more slowly? And to that point, to the revolution of Symantec 4.0, when can we expect the organizational changes to be largely locked down?
Stephen M. Bennett: Well, I think, Brad, that we've changed over 50% of the senior leaders on the team already. So -- and we did that in the January announcement. So I would say that's a pretty significant move, and the 30% to 40% number that we talked about was in the total company. So -- and we said that will be completed in July. So we expect that to be, what I call the final 2 waves of that, and we expect that to be completed in July. So I mean, that's kind of a tough time that we're in now and -- but we'll be through it in July. The other point you bring up is, obviously, for us to redeploy a bunch of resources to fund these integrated new offerings that we talked about and these new partnerships, that money is coming from somewhere. So over time, we are spending, as we said, more money on R&D to solve our customers' most important growth and -- or most important problems so we can accelerate organic growth. So I think what you have us doing is taking money and reinvesting it. We're giving some to shareholders, and I think 200 basis points again this year on top of the performance in the fourth quarter is a pretty significant commitment. At the same time, we're investing in the things that give us confidence that we're going to grow more than 5% organically over the '15 through '17 periods. So I think we're balancing both sides of giving margin and investing in things that are going to drive long-term growth. I mean, we could give you more margin in the short term if we didn't want to invest in driving long-term growth, but we think we're at the appropriate balance between returning excess cash and margin to shareholders and investing in things that we think are going to create more longer-term value for our investors.
Brad A. Zelnick - Macquarie Research: That makes sense, Steve, and the balance makes sense as well. James, if I could just ask you a quick one. On the new commissions accounting methodology, can you just maybe talk to us a little bit about which quarters we should expect some of that expense to come from, so where we see the benefit on the flip side?
James A. Beer: Yes, what we'll be doing is, in essence, reducing what you would've previously seen in the back half of the year and increasing commensurately in the front half of the year. Now what we will do as we publish our results is go back in time, and so you'll have true apples-to-apples history given this new methodology.
Operator: We'll go next to Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Steve, just on the sales transformation. Other companies that we've all followed, when they go through a change this sizable, it tends to take 6 to 9 months to settle in. So if your plan is to be completed by July, what gives you confidence in that the second half of the recovery versus pushing in -- out a few more quarters which has historically been the norm?
Stephen M. Bennett: So Brent, I think I'm giving you mixed message here, apples and oranges. We said that we were going to be done with the management initiative only in July. I think the transition of our sales force will proceed in a thoughtful and measured way through the year. For instance, we haven't even decided yet when we're going to flip things over to the renewals team versus the field sales force today, and so we're going to phase that among different geographies in the world. So I think the whole year, we should be thinking about a smooth transition, but our strategy on this was to tell you what was coming, tell our employees what was coming and make them part of the process as opposed to announce it on Friday and change everything on a Monday. So I think we're going to be able to because there's no surprise here, hopefully manage the transition more smoothly than some have but at the same time, it is a big transition. So I would think about -- we're not shooting for a deadline here. We're talking about trying to get it right, which is why we thought despite the recent positive momentum, that it made sense to be 0 to 2% revenue guidance for next year, which is the same thing we told you in January.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just a quick follow-up on the backup business which is clearly a highlight; can you give us your sense of what you're seeing in the pipeline this year in that business? And it seems, again, to be outpacing the other business by a considerable margin. What are you seeing that's driving that?
James A. Beer: Well, I think the capabilities that our appliances offer our customers are quite well differentiated our ability to duplicate the reams of data -- deduplicate it, excuse me, effectively for them, closer to the source of the information being created has worked to be very popular with customers. And beyond that, I'm encouraged by the pipeline of development that we have around our appliances generally. So I think we'll have more to offer our customers in the coming months and quarters.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I think, guys, we're a little bit surprised to see headcount ending the year up in Q4 versus Q3 given all the talk about restructuring and reducing management layers and the like and then subsequently, the timing of the expense cuts through FY '14. Can you walk us through, perhaps in a little bit more detail, the timing of headcount reductions on a go-forward basis, when expenses get taken out of the model over the next couple of quarters to get to the type of margin improvement that you're looking for in FY '14?
Stephen M. Bennett: So let me just give you a little, Keith, a little bit of philosophy and I'll turn it over to James. Look, I think that this is kind of an interesting number because we have thousands of temporary workers and contract employees that you never have any visibility into that I do. So at the end of the day, as you're trying to figure out how to model all these stuff, you're never going to have the data to model it that you'd like to have. And so one of the things we did is we invested in some areas that, like I said in December, to add resources to fix -- in the technical support area. Now we didn't add 1,000 employees. So -- but I think the material point from my point of view, and then I'll turn it over to James to give you something more thoughtful, is we're committed to 200 basis points of margin improvement for next year and people-related costs are 70% of our costs. And so we can't get there without managing our investment in resources, but it's not just the headcount numbers you see. It's temporary employees and contract employees, and there's all sorts of games that companies can play to keep employees off the books. We're just cleaning out all of that, and we're going to deliver 200% -- 200 basis points of margin improvement. And so there's a lot of moving parts here, and that's what we're focused on managing.
James A. Beer: Yes, the headcount drivers, Keith, specifically, more than half of it was tech support as we've discussed in previous calls that we've really been looking to focus on improving the customer experience there, and we're pleased by the progress we're making. The rest of the headcount additions were in areas of the business where we're growing very nicely, so areas like appliances. And of course, as our service businesses grow, we have to add the heads for the people who are delivering on those services.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. And then maybe a follow-up on some of the transaction counts. It looks like you guys saw growth in the deals over $300,000. But the multiple product number that you gave, the percentage of large transaction of multiple products fell off a little bit, both in the $300,000 and the million -- $1 million value. Was that macro-related? Was that purposeful in spreading out transactions a little bit more? Could you give some color into why those metrics stated on a year-on-year basis?
James A. Beer: No, I wouldn't point to anything of a strategic nature here. The metric that you're referring to is a dollar-based metric, and it just so happened that a year ago, all of the top deals included both security and storage and this year, most of them were one or the other. It's just the way the deals tended to fall. I think it's important to really focus on our organic growth rate. We got it up to 3%, best in 5 years.
Operator: And we'll go next to Phil Winslow with Crdit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I just wanted to dig in a little bit about sort of just the timing and the flow in the sales force changes and just in terms of guidance. And obviously, a lot of the changes are going to be happening here in Q1. Just wondering if you're going to detail how you contemplated that in terms of the revenue guidance? Obviously, James, you talked about the currency headwind from Japan. But when you think about just the changes that are going on, how you -- kind of whether it'd be haircut the pipeline or what have you for the June quarter to make sure that it's conservative enough, given the amount of changes have been, to the question of how you kind of expect the revenue growth to reaccelerate to get to 0 to 2%. I mean, is it very much second half weighted or how do you just expect that to flow on?
James A. Beer: Yes, for the current quarter, we really aren't changing the traditional structure of compensation and so forth for the sales team. That all really kicks in later in the year. So I wouldn't point to any change we've made in how we think about revenue guidance related to change in comp structures. It's really just driven...
Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I didn't mean comp structure. I mean, also headcount too.
James A. Beer: Well, similarly, we wouldn't be seeing those issues impact the sales force during Q1. So the revenue for Q1, very much driven by the yen factor that I noted and just the normal sequential move from a March quarter to a June quarter.
Operator: And we'll go next to Aaron Schwartz with Jefferies.
Aaron Schwartz - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I had a follow-up question on the storage business. You talked about the strength in NetBackup, and it sounds like from your Vision Event, you're going to be moving more towards capacity-based licenses over the summer. Can you talk about the potential impact there? And then secondarily, on the storage management side, is there any sort of line of sight to a trajectory there? Should we continue the same dynamics on the Solaris to Linux migration?
James A. Beer: In terms of the move to more capacity-based pricing around NetBackup, I wouldn't expect that to have a noticeable effect on our revenue trend line. While there would be some moving towards a more ratable approach as a result, the flip side of that is as we continue to grow the appliances business, then there's more of that revenue recognized upfront. So net-net, I wouldn't see an awful lot of variation in the overall revenue growth rate.
Aaron Schwartz - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And on the storage management business?
Stephen M. Bennett: I would just say that as you look at these new integrated offerings that we're talking about, a bunch of them, including some of the partnerships we're talking about, include leverage what we used to call the storage management business. So again, I just don't even think about it as a business, and I don't think you'll see us reporting revenue, James, as we go forward on the storage management business. So to me, this is technology that can solve important problems when we redeploy it and think differently about it, and we got into trouble as a company thinking about it as a standalone business. And so I think the sooner we move to how fast is -- how we're using this to help us grow and solve new customer problems, I think the faster we'll be through the transformation from 3.0 to 4.0.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Kash Rangan with Merrill Lynch.
Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I certainly appreciate the Strategy Day that you had back in January in terms of how you're aligning your cost structure, your management spend, et cetera, and certainly that boils into an attractive financial outcome. I'm also curious to get your perspective on the product in comparative side. I look at the core business, it's largely dominated by the endpoint business and also the storage business. And there are some maturity concerns in those 2 businesses. You got secular competitors, new generation of anti-malware companies and some secular competitors, such as Amazon Web Services. I'm wondering, how do you take into account the longer-term structural changes in your end markets and how you reposition your product portfolio to achieve these financial objectives?
Stephen M. Bennett: Kash, I think it's a good question. It's a question I asked when I came in, and I toured around the world and everybody told me the same thing is that we've competed on a series of 150 different point solutions and what we've reoriented the whole company around is leveraging all our technology to solve our customers' most important problems. So what we said is, which is really important on this front, is we're going to double down on some great point solutions we have that are leaders like NetBackup that continues to perform well. We're going to solve higher-order customer problems with these new integrated offerings that we announced in January that we think changes the basis of competition from point solutions where we have to compete with all of the individual point solutions to integrated offerings where it's hard for our competitors to compete. And third, we're going to talk -- we talked about some new partnerships where we integrate what we do with what third parties do, like network security providers, to do a better job for support and [ph] customers. And so I think by definition, our whole strategy is based around changing the game to solve important customer problems. And the feedback we've gotten from basically universally from everybody you talk to, this strategy makes sense, can you execute, and that's what we're focused on doing. And from what I've seen versus the competitors that we're playing against, if we can execute against these new integrated offerings and these partnerships, I think we will deliver a lot of value for our customers that are some of our or most of our competitors would have a hard time matching.
Operator: And we'll go next to Greg Dunham with Goldman Sachs.
Gregory Dunham - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I also wanted to follow up on the backup performance because it does stand out this year as a great performance. And I just want to try to get a sense of was the -- how much of that was product cycle in FY '13? And as you look forward, do you think those type of growth rates are sustainable? You talked about some of the stuff you're doing in appliances. That would be one. And then the follow-up would be, how should we think about the gross margin structure next year and maybe a couple of years down the road as you shift to more appliances and [ph] subscription?
James A. Beer: Well, in the first part of that question, the product cycle, I wouldn't say that, that had very much to do with our results at all. We -- in fact, as we've discussed in previous calls, Backup Exec has been something of a challenge, and we continue to work through and improve upon our offerings in the Windows market there. So if anything, I think there's more opportunity ahead of us in that regard, both around the Backup Exec line as well as the NetBackup appliances. Two, gross margin, because I think that appliances will continue to grow and our service subscription type offerings will continue to grow, I would expect there would be continued pressure on gross margin to some extent as we saw in this past year, for example. But that's why we're really focusing on making commitments around operating margin improvements, hence the recommitment to the 200 basis point improvement in '14 over '13 even though we delivered more in operating margin in '13 than we were expecting to back when we did our strategy announcement in January.
Operator: And we'll go next to Greg Moskowitz with Cowen and Company.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I had a clarification and then a question. First, for Steve, you talked about flat Norton going forward, at least in the short term. Would that hold true even if you opt not to renew most or all of your upcoming OEM agreements? And then secondly, just a follow-up for James, I do want to ask about Backup Exec this particular quarter, you just touched on some of it. What I was curious about, though, was are we getting any closer to stabilization in that particular area?
Stephen M. Bennett: So on the first question, Greg, on renewals, I think that if -- again, the amount of new business we get new customers from Norton has declined dramatically from the OEM channel. It's still important but not nearly as important as it was. So if we chose not to renew a large deal when it came due, we would have a short-term blip that we would have to try and offset to other things like taking Norton to small business. But while we might have a short-term revenue, we'd be materially accretive to the bottom line. And so if that's the way it came down, we'd have a little short-term revenue blip and a significant positive on EPS.
James A. Beer: And in terms of Backup Exec, we're still experiencing challenges there impacting Backup Exec's revenue double-digits. Now I would expect that, that will improve gradually. I think the most material opportunity for us to improve with Backup Exec is around the next release that we're very much working on but won't be out for some time yet later in this fiscal year.
Stephen M. Bennett: And just one thought to add to James' point, look, I think it's the same team that runs both of these businesses, and we've made a lot of changes in the team that stubbed its toe in the release on Backup Exec. So it's been wholesale change, and I think it's the same team that's doing such a great job on NetBackup. So I think we're going to see real progress, but we did dig ourselves a hole and I agree with James, there's headwind there that we're actually digging our way out of in a market that's strong and growing. So I think this is a big opportunity for us. This was our execution that caused us the problem, nothing else, as witnessed by the real strength we've had on NetBackup where we didn't stub our toe.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Michael Turits with Raymond James.
James Wesman: It's James Wesman sitting in for Michael. James, just looking at the business in the quarter, were there any verticals that stood out that were particularly strong or weak?
James A. Beer: Well, I was pleased with execution across the organization, certainly, our primary verticals, financial services, telcos, health care, so forth. I'd put the federal sector on the weaker end of the spectrum, not surprisingly given the sequestration challenges. But net-net, you look at the America's revenue growth, it was actually our faster revenue geography.
Operator: And we'll go next to Robert Breza with RBC Capital Markets.
Robert P. Breza - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Maybe James, just to clarify on the expense side as it relates to the commission, can you just clarify that a little bit more? Are you guys going to be capitalizing expenses here? Or just maybe a little bit more color on how expenses relate.
James A. Beer: No, it's, in essence, flattening out the commission expense across the 4 quarters. That's more so how you should think of it. So at different points in time, there will be one accrual or another. But the net expense result is a flattening quarter by quarter.
Operator: And we'll go next to Daniel Ives with FBR Capital Markets.
James Moore - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: This is Jim Moore actually in for Dan. Steve, since you've taken over, over the last sort of while, we've definitely seen a tougher IT spending environment just from what we've seen in the first quarter results from a lot of your tech peers. I'm just wondering if you guys have seen any changes in conversation with customers or partners, or if you could comment on the environment?
Stephen M. Bennett: Yes, no, I think the simple answer to your question is I think all companies are under spending pressure, but security and information management still have a unusually high focus and are standouts in terms of growth and market growth even in a difficult IT spending environment. All of the data we show for the next few years says that that's not going to change. And so we still feel quite good about the market growth opportunities, both in security and information backup or information management. And if anything, there's just more pressure. I mean, on both security and -- the amount of information continues to explode, and the security threat environment continues to become more challenging. So I see that there's a lot of forces pushing this market to grow that don't seem to look like they're going to abate in the near future.
Operator: And we'll go next to Richard Williams with Cross Research.
Richard T. Williams - Cross Research LLC: Wondering if you could talk about the potential for providing cyber security for Wall Street for financial organizations. Does that represent opportunity or risk? How should we think about that?
James A. Beer: Well, financial services have been one of our key verticals for many years and the challenges that they're facing from a cyber-perspective are increasing just along the lines of what Steve was just saying. So we see significant opportunities for us to continue to broaden out the relationships that we have with really all of the key financial services companies in this country and indeed around the world.
Stephen M. Bennett: Just to build on James' point, I was at a recent conference where one of the CEOs from one of the large financial institution said that they were taking up their spend on security 33% next year, and it's a big number. So I think that they are under such a serious threat environment in such a targeted vertical that they will have to continue to spend money now to protect the customer data and the assets.
Richard T. Williams - Cross Research LLC: Is that true as well in Japan as it relates to -- that you see in North America?
Stephen M. Bennett: Yes. I think in some cases, what you're finding because of all of the interest that you're reading about in the print that the market is growing faster in Asia than some other parts of the world because the threat landscape is tenuous in Asia or very challenging there, as it is in the Middle East and many other parts of the world. I think this is a global need because the attackers can play globally from wherever they are locally. This is a complete boundary-less playing field, and they're just going after multiple targets and there's lots of people who have vulnerabilities and so it's a target-rich environment for the bad guys.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Rob Owens with Pacific Crest Securities.
Rob D. Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: I want to focus a little bit on the Security and Compliance business growing, I think, 4% year-over-year constant currency. You highlighted how the DLP component of the business was strong. Just curious about the other components, specifically desktop, given some of the struggles one of your larger competitors have in that market, why you're not seeing more growth here. Is that indicative of just where that market is in terms of legacy or something else happening?
James A. Beer: Well, in addition to DLP, I was really pleased with the double-digit growth that we're seeing out of areas like encryption, Managed Security Services. Our Trust Services business continues to grow very nicely for us. So as to the Endpoint Security business, that's closer to flat. And I think that represents the maturity of that portion of the business. Now that said, it's still a very important part of a corporate environment, and we see opportunities to really leverage our skills, our capabilities of the endpoint as we enter into other partnerships with different players around the industry, and we'll have more to talk to you about that in the coming weeks and months.
Rob D. Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: And then on the Storage and Server Management side, it seems like you've seen a lot of strength over the last few quarters from this mix shift to appliances. When does that start to anniversary, and could that pressure growth as we think about the back half of '14 for that category specifically?
Stephen M. Bennett: No. I think it's going to continue to -- look, my view is customers are increasingly preferring to buy their Software as a Service or through an appliance because it's easier as opposed to a license. So I think that we have to be focused on making it easy to buy -- for customers to buy all of our products and services in the manner they want to consume them, and I see appliances as being, in many ways, even faster growing than SaaS because it's a better way -- it's an easier way for customers to buy integrated solutions where we integrate the hardware and the software to make it easier for them to install and run. And so I -- and we have new appliances coming in the pipeline that we're quite excited about that James talked about. So we think that we have a great opportunity to continue to gain share in this big market where we've made a lot of progress in the last year, and we have new stuff coming that we're excited about.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Steve Bennett for any closing remarks.
Stephen M. Bennett: Look, thanks for attending today. We feel great about the year we had in FY '13. We feel good about '14 with a lot of changes that we know are going to help us prepare -- lay the foundation to deliver much better performance in FY '15 through '17. So in this transition year, we're going to focus hard on executing and making the right decisions to build this foundation up so that we can be solid to accelerate things in the future. So it's a big -- it's a transition year, and you see that reflected in our thinking and hopefully in our words, but we're more excited than ever about our ability to deliver real value for our customers and continue the transformation. So thanks for your support, and we'll talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Everyone, that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-01-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Helyn Corcos - Vice President of Investors Relations James A. Beer - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Stephen M. Bennett - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Stephen E. Gillett - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Francis A. de Souza - President of Products & Services
Analysts: Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Adam H. Holt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Aaron Schwartz - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Unknown Executive: Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome, Vice President Investor Relations, Helyn Corcos.
Helyn Corcos: Thank you so much and welcome. We are very excited to have you here join -- Thank you so much. It's wonderful to have you all here to join us today for the strategic direction and third quarter announcement. I'm going to be really quick here. I am just going to do some housekeeping comments and then move on. What we'll do is we'll start with the agenda. We will cover earnings very briefly with guidance, and then we'll move onto the strategic direction and the operational plan discussion. And then we'll have a Q&A session. The event is actually being recorded. We'll also have the presentation on our website right after the event. In addition, as you know, we will have a lot of comments here today about products and financial statements that are forward-looking. So we do encourage you to please check our risks and uncertainties statements in our filings. And in addition, we also talk about GAAP and non-GAAP financial information, and there's reconciliation comments at the -- on the website that you can also refer to. And I think that's really it for me today. So I am going to turn it over to our CFO, Mr. James Beer, and he'll kick it off with the earnings.
James A. Beer: Thank you very much, Helyn. Good afternoon, everyone. In our December quarter, we were very pleased with the 5% revenue growth rate that we've recorded on a constant-currency basis, and that equates to 4% of organic revenue growth. That's, in fact, the highest percentage growth rate we've seen organically in over 4 years now. These results is very much driven by strength in our Europe, Middle East, Africa region, as well as our Trust Services business and our Information Management business. That's the backup and archiving part of our business. And that area particularly helped us build our license revenue growth at 8% year-over-year. Maintenance grew 5% year-over-year, and our enterprise subscriptions business grew 12% year-over-year. In terms of our beat the EPS line, it was very much a balance of both revenue, overperformance and, on the expense side, beating there as well. So about a 2/3 revenue, 1/3 expense balance that drove the EPS performance. Looking at some of the details of the revenue performance across the business units reflecting growth across our portfolio, on the Consumer side, continued growth as we upsell our customers to our premium suites, as well as continue to grow our emerging businesses, including our mobile business there. In terms of the Security and Compliance business unit, in addition to Trust Services, we saw a nice growth from our Managed Security Services and encryption businesses. And in terms of Storage and Server Management, we saw growth on both sides of this business. So first of all, on the back half and archiving side, a very strong performance, 12% growth driven by our NetBackup products. Capital. So, in terms of Storage Management, we saw 1% growth there year-over-year. So that's the second consecutive quarter of growth for that business as we saw more of our customers continue to convert their mission-critical applications to Linux and virtualized infrastructures using our software. Services grew, again driven by our Business Critical Services unit. That's the high-end support offerings. In terms of cash, we saw 15% growth in cash flow from operations year-over-year and our domestic cash balance represents 26% of the total after setting to one side $1 billion to cover the maturity of our convertible debt that comes due in June later this year. We spent $200 million during the quarter to repurchase shares at an average price of $17.94. Moving on now to our guidance, as we'll be discussing this afternoon, we're entering a period of some transition. So I think it's appropriate for us to be prudent when offering guidance here. We're suggesting revenue and deferred revenue both growing 1% to 3% on a constant-currency basis year-over-year, 73% of our in-period revenue coming from the balance sheet. In terms of earnings-per-share, we're looking for it down just over 1 point at the midpoint of the range. We do expect to record a lower tax rate in the fourth quarter, driven by the catch-up effects of the recently reinstated research and development credit that got put back into place earlier this month. And in terms of GAAP EPS, that large decline year-over-year is driven by the fact that this time last year, we booked a onetime credit for the profit associated with the sale of our stake in the Huawei joint venture. So with that, we have to shift gears and focus the rest of the afternoon on the 4.0 strategy and operational plan. And to introduce that, we're going to show you a short video. [Presentation]
Stephen M. Bennett: All right, we're stopping at 61%. I'm not quite sure why, but welcome to the unveiling of Symantec 4.0. Before we start today, what I'd like to do is first personally thank all of our employees for delivering just another very, very great quarter. I'd be remiss if I didn't start with that. We've produced better-than-expected results in a time where we've been going through quite a bit of transition as a company and there's lots of uncertainty for our employees. I'd also like to start, before we get into forum, by introducing -- we just announced today the creation of an Office of the CEO at Symantec. You see the other 3 members with me here today. Stephen Gillett, who joined us recently; Francis de Souza; and you've already know or met James Beer. So let me start by saying when I took this job in July, I said we're going to start with a clean sheet of paper. We were going to evaluate all of the options on the best way to create shareholder value. We commissioned an outside firm to help us, a reputable firm and we looked at a bunch of different scenarios. And I think we have 3 of our board members, in addition to me, are here today. And I think we participated in multiple discussions, looking at all sorts of different portfolio analysis. And at the same time, we commissioned a separate firm to help us put together a transformation strategy to evaluate at full potential or at a reasonable potential how could we best create shareholder value, so we'd be able to compare that against all the other options. We had a board that what I would call the 5 and 30 plan, because that's what we had been messaging. We had a board meeting a couple of weeks ago in early January. And the board -- management made a proposal to the board, which the board concurred for clearly the best way for this team to create shareholder value, it is the 5 and 30 plan. And that's what you're going to hear about, that's what Symantec 4.0 is all about. So there's a theme that we're using, and it's a very simple theme for Symantec 4.0. It's all about organic growth, an organic growth-focused company that finds, identifies and solves unmet, underserved customer needs that we can solve better than anybody else and drive organic growth. We not only solve them better than anybody else, we can do it in a way that builds competitive advantage and creates sustainable financial performance. If we get that, it's also about expanding margins, it's also about increasing cash flows and a disciplined use of capital allocation. We'll talk more about that as we go through. But this the financial theme for Symantec 4.0. And so this is the talk track for today. I'm going to just start with quickly, as you know, I said I was going to go on a around-the-world learning tour. I'm going to share some of the key conclusions and insights from that. Stephen and Francis are going to give you a sense of how we view the market. Francis is going to go through our offering roadmap, which is how some of the things we're going to do to solve these unmet or underserved customer needs better than anybody else and create competitive advantage. I'm going to hit a little bit on go-to-market strategy, some of the changes that we're going to make in that area. Then I'm also going to lead into our organization structure, both strategy and structure and the leadership team. James is going to come back and talk about how we're going to fund these investments in organic growth, kind of the sources and uses of resource. And then finally, we're going to give you some forward-looking financial review over the next few years. So that's the talk track for today's program. I looked at this map when we put it together and it kind of boggled my mind, but this is where I was in the last 6 months. Every location for Symantec around the world with more than 400 employees. And I put on a lot of miles. And I will tell you, I learned an awful lot. It was -- I talked to customers, partners, government officials, third-party outside analysts, investors. Just anybody that I thought could give me insight to help identify 2 things. What are the strengths that we have at Symantec to build on? And what are the areas of opportunity that we could capitalize on to perform as a company at a higher level? And the thing I would share is the theme no matter who I talked to anywhere in the world, the themes were very consistent. It's very, very clear. Let's start with what were our assets? And I would like to start by thanking Gordon, John and Enrique for version 1, 2 and 3. They built a portfolio of strong assets that we will use as the foundation for us to deliver for customers going forward. We have deep expertise and capability and learned a lot of things about our security expertise and our information management expertise and also some things that we can do that really leverage these across the portfolio and drive some synergy in how we saw these customer problems. Francis will give you some examples on how we're going to find synergies between the information management side of the house and the security side to solve important customer problems. Portfolio of leading products. Look, we have great assets that were built by those that came before me. Nine products, 9-point solutions in the leadership positions in the Gartner Magic Quadrant. We've got positions in 98% of the Fortune 100 companies and 93% of the largest financial institutions. We've got over 175 million Norton users on a global basis, all of which are assets that, as the world starts to merge between consumer and business, put us in a position that are very difficult for others to match. But the question you'd have to ask or the question I had to ask, "Well, you've got such great assets, why have you been underperforming over the last period of time?" And the simple thing I would tell you is while we had the great assets, we didn't have a strategy or an operational plan to focus on delivering value for customers, and that's what Symantec 4.0 is all about. So here are the themes on the areas of opportunity. One of the things is despite the fact that we have such great point solutions built mostly from acquisition, while those point solutions add a lot of value to our customers, the fact that we own all of them doesn't add much value. We haven't really integrated the value of these different point solutions to solve important customer problems, and we compete point solution by point solution. And people all over the world told me that that's a great opportunity for you if you could figure out how to break that situation. And everywhere I went, we talked a little bit about this in terms of the additional investment we made in the previous quarter, we weren't delivering technical support experiences for our customers that we were proud of. And that's something that we have to fix across the world. We've made progress but we still have a lot of work to do. On our go-to-market strategy, what I would say is simply we have talented people everywhere in the world really working hard, but that our system doesn't work. Or probably better said, we don't have a system. Our process, our technology, the tools we have, our knowledge management, our sales force is not empowered and freed up to sell. They're doing too much administrative stuff, they're doing too much internal negotiation. I ran into a situation where on one multiproduct deal, we had 6 different sets of terms and conditions our salesperson had to negotiate with the customer. We had no single set of Symantec terms and conditions. Just a symptom of a bunch of different acquisitions where we didn't have one set of standard terms and conditions. In terms of our people and organization, we had talented people that had been working hard but felt like they were losing, and they've been losing for a while. We were an exporter of talent, and the organization was a bit demoralized. One of the things I heard when I was in Washington which really struck me is somebody said and they're describing Symantec we were a company of promises. And more properly said, probably unfilled promise. And that's what we're going to change in Symantec 4.0. So I came off the bench, after being on the bench for four years, because I thought this company had great assets, tremendous opportunities and was underperforming against the opportunity. I can tell you emphatically, the opportunities are bigger than I ever dreamed. There's a lot of work. I would tell you also that there's a lot of hard work to get there. The challenges and what has to be done is more than I would have expected, but the opportunities are bigger and the talented people here are way better than I would have expected. So we have some nice tailwinds. We're in markets. We're fortunate to be in markets that are growing very quickly, with a talented and now much more engaged workforce. And we're just starting. We're only 6 months into this. And I think that's what it's going to take for us to transform Symantec. But because of this, the world is changing quickly. We have tough competitors. We'll talk about that. So this won't work to be an evolution. We can't get there through incremental steps to try and move to where we need to be. So no evolution, Symantec 4.0 is all about a revolution. And so we're going to get into the content today. You're going to see that we're going to lead a revolution to focus on delivering more value for our customers, whether they're consumers, whether they're businesses, small business, large enterprise or countries all around the world. And doing that, we're going to deliver at a much higher level than we have traditionally for customers and partners, for our employees and for our investors. So with that tee up, let me turn it over for a little market backdrop to Stephen Gillett.
Stephen E. Gillett: Thank you, Steve. I think it was Confucius that once said, "May you live in interesting times." And if I put my voice-of-a-customer hat on, which is what I'm going to take you on a little bit of a journey with, I would be hard-pressed not to say that the information and the security and the data world that we live in today is probably, if not the top, definitely one of the top 3 areas to be in for the -- and frontiers to be working on over the next decade. And I've seen this from multiple hats, multiple angles, and I want to share with you a little bit of that at the voice of the customer. So a little bit about this presentation. I want to make sure we talk about, which is what is it like to be on the other side of Symantec? What is it like to have been a customer for 15-plus years of our company? And on that journey, I want to share with you some of those insights and some of the learnings about what's happening out there in the world. When you talk to CIOs and you talk to leaders across the industry, you find now there's actually a convergence of themes that tend to emerge. Yes, you hear about economic uncertainty. You hear about the changes in the EU. You hear about Greece and the financial crisis. You hear about the U.S. and the debt. You hear about all these different things that are top of mind for business executives across the country and, frankly, across the world. And it's important to note that as this global concern is emerging with economic uncertainty, coupled closely to that is the concern of information security. With all the new ways people and organizations and governments are working to protect the information of citizens, of employees and of individuals, it is a key theme of what it is we see in this new frontier. When you look at this, you see the full emergence of digital and social media. Four, 5 years ago, we were talking about digital as the new frontier and the social -- interesting social graph is going to emerge. When you fast-forward to 2013, that era is upon us, right? It is upon us in new and, in some ways, unexpected ways. You read about things like the Arab Spring and you watched that unfold on TV as countries across the Near East revolt and change their constituencies, which ultimately change their governments. You look at the role of Twitter and Facebook and these social medias which governments try to stop with magic red buttons to kill Internet access in the country emerge and overthrow regimes that have been in place, in some cases, for decades. You see that the intellectual property of our company, everything you do and invest in R&D over decades is just one tweet away from the world to know it. And you say with all of these information, all of these access, all of the power of what used to be inside data centers, inside server rooms, in the palms of people's hands, whether they're in the company or individuals, whether they're government or citizens, whether they're friendly or hostile is the era by which we operate, and this is part of that frontier. If you look at the concepts that we're now starting to fully realize with the Cloud and emerging analytics, you hear these areas. What is big data? What does this mean? It's exploding, 60% year-over-year growth in enterprise data today. Okay, you hear a lot about that, but what does that actually mean? How do I as a business or an individual or as a government use that data for good? How do I make sure it stays in the right hands of the people that own it or are authorized the use of it? You look at the ability for enterprises and organizations using packaged software, using analytics and Cloud technology to be able to simulate and maneuver business situations before they ever take place, the ability and the power to do that using big data. You see the rise of NoSQL and Hadoop clusters. You see the products that companies are using to bring this data to actionable intelligence, which is framing that as the new strategic data frontier as part of this. This is all part of the frontier by which we operate as an organization. And as I believe one of the most exciting, it also is demanding that enterprise IT change and evolve the way they've offered their solutions and services to companies worldwide. And we're going to talk about that. Francis, in particular, will talk about that to a great detail a bit later. So as unnerving as some of these technologies and powers can be, the excitement of being able to participate and understand and be stewards of good in this world, I think, is a huge task for Symantec. It's something I'm proud to be a part of and I know that many thousands of employees are proud to work here everyday, supporting. If you look at the enterprise view of that voice of the customer, you really start to see some additional themes emerging. We'll talk just about a few. I mean, this could be a whole presentation in and of itself. You see the hybrid of Cloud, both personal enterprise emerge, which are redefining the boundaries of what's happening. Employees are going into a Best Buy on Friday or on Amazon.com, they're buying an iPad, they're going to the Apple Store. They take that iPad into work on Monday. They go to their IT support person and they say, "I want to get all my data on this. What's the corporate policy for that?" And in many cases, the IT department will struggle with what to do. They have security, data retention, what happens when the employee leaves, how do we remotely wipe the device? What about encryption? The list goes on and on about things that enterprise IT has to worry about. So that boundary between what was traditionally a sacred ground of the enterprise and the consumer is now very porous, and organizations and companies have to adapt very quickly to that. You see the convergence and adoption of enterprise technologies into the consumer. We've all heard the trend, right? We've all heard the buzzwords, the consumerization of IT, things that you buy in the store online brought into the workforce. But there's another frontier which is what is called the IT-ization of the consumer. How many of you as individuals worry about your identity, worry about encryption? How many of you used products that store your information in the Cloud? How many of you download content and use iTunes in different frameworks from Amazon all through to access and share your personal information, from credit card to content selection to reviews and ratings to medical records. How many of you use services? I'm a big fan of Mint.com, which is storing all my financial data and aggregates it all from across the Internet. That IT-ization of the consumer, the fact that you as an individual have to care about encryption and privacy law and what information is being used for what is a part of this new frontier. Another notion is the sophistication of people that are actually going after this information. One of the most fascinating things that I've had to work with as an IT professional most of my career is the sophistication of these attacks, how they're trying to get information that want to use it for no good. You see individuals doing it, you see digital arms of the organized crime units doing it, you see governments doing it. And the sophistication and triangulation of how information is being sought after by those that don't want to do well with it is a real and is one of the most talked about discussions in the enterprise world. Francis will talk about how our products can uniquely work to solve and partner with you to fix and protect you against that. But all of that gets coupled with the other notion of the technology enterprise landscape, which is there's a huge transfer and a huge porous of what was traditional to what is new. The consumer world, in many ways, is defining the future of IT from the applications to the devices, from the computing architectures. It used to be bring your own device. Now it's bring your own whatever, right? Your application, your Cloud, your social graph, your mobile. All of the things that need to go into that are now being defined by the consumer. And more importantly, that is wrapped in what I'm calling today a dispersion of authority. It used to be just 5 or 6 years ago that the IT department was kind of a gatekeeper of everything technology within the enterprise. And over time, as marketing or legal or supply chain or any of the other groups have went out and partnered with nontraditional IT vendors, they've brought those technologies into the organization. In fact, they've dispersed that IT authority over the last 5 or 6 years to be much more level than it was in the last 30 years. I was reading that Gartner report, I found fascinating that by 2017, the CMO in the organization will control more IT spend than the CIO. And if you look at that convergence and that dispersion of authority, it is a key element intended of the next frontier that we talked about. When you go fast-forward from enterprise and the voice of the customer, you have to, in order to really paint a picture, understand that this doesn't stop in the 4 walls of your company. We all travel, we're global citizens in many cases. We travel the world for business, for pleasure. We bring our devices with us. We switch to international plans on our smartphones. We plug in to ethernet ports in foreign countries and hotel rooms that have very American sounding names. All of these things are being contributed -- or are contributing to the new flat world of business. When you look at that, you have to realize that governments are responsible for protecting their nation's critical infrastructure, which includes all the private assets. In fact, in the U.S., the latest stat is about 80% of the critical infrastructure is owned by private institution. The information we share as governments try to get more efficient. Here I am moving to California again for the second time in my life and I have automated driver's license. I'm doing things online to get permits. I'm trying to transfer my medical records and my health care coverage, right? It's automated, it's centralized. All of that information about me and my family is stored somewhere. And as governments try to get more efficient by using technology and adopting different IT platforms to make that a more seamless transaction wrapped around that comes a responsibility and, frankly, a necessity to protect that information to make sure it doesn't get into the hands of those that would do harm. You see, and it ties back into the economic uncertainty, when governments are under pressure to cut non-mission critical activities in government, they actually go after discretionary things like IT, like infrastructure. I remember talking to the CIO of the U.S. Government a couple of years ago, and he was talking about all of these multibillion-dollar projects that they had going, in which some were late, some were getting cuts, some he had to figure how to streamline. And he was reaching out to CIOs in the industry to get an understanding of faced with several of these high-priority projects, which ones would you sequence in what priority order? So as enterprise deals with the realities of limited resources and limited funding as do governments across the world, I think that's a hugely important element of the frontier. As the government seek out this nimble nature to access information, it sometimes comes at a cost. You saw the video, which stopped about 60% in. But if you were to finish that, you'll actually see some of those elements emerge where in many ways we're playing catch up here. We're playing -- we're going after the bad guys who tend to bring the biggest and most advanced opportunities for us to engage with our products. The attacks on citizens. This isn't about something that happens at work. You leave home and now you're an individual again. These attacks, these institutions are seeking you out where you go, the business traveler, at home, online, at work. It's a very porous, as we talked about. You're no longer just an employee of a company or an individual or a citizen. You're going to see that these threats are emerging that span and cross the various frontiers and the various traditional silos. You're an individual now that can be sought after no matter where you are in the world, no matter what company you're in, whether you're an individual, business person or traveler. We'll talk about that a little bit later. The last part of this is the fifth frontier. After land, sea, air and space, cyber is now talked about as kind of the fifth domain of warfare going forward. I've met with several individuals, both business leaders, local politicians, state politicians, national politicians, and I've been told just anecdotally that the #1 issue talked about in D.C. after the economic situation is the cyber threat that we all face. And governments are increasingly worried and concerned about the ability to engage in this as an equal or as superior against the people that would do harm. And so when you wrap all of these together, the voice of the customer, the enterprise, the consumer, the government, the country, it starts to paint a very different picture that we thought about security over the last decade. There's a couple of concepts that I think are important to really lay out as we get into talking about the rest of the Symantec 4.0 strategy. The first one all of you may have heard about is called the Internet of Things. This was a term coined, I believe, in 1999. And the whole concept was in the late '90s, anything done on in terms of information online was done by a person. You rated a review of a movie, you took a picture, you sent e-mail. The content that was created in the early days of the Internet was people created. Everything you did as an individual online. Now, we have the Internet of Things where in 2013, in '12 and '13, for the first time, there will be more devices connected to the Internet than people. And when you have devices talking to the Internet and sharing information, your router at home for your cable provider, your cellphone's talking to the Internet right now, your tablet, your e-reader, your laptop, those devices now are having a discussion with the Internet, with -- sharing information of which you may or may not know about as an individual, depending on how much you take the time to understand that. RFIDs, 2D bar codes. As you know, I worked in Starbucks for several years and we did a mobile payment in the store. That is 2D bar code technology that you're using that knows about you and knows what you do and your preference, your loyalty. It knows when your birthday. I had a birthday on Sunday, it gave me a free drink. I was really happy with my free drink. The devices are now outnumbering people, and I think this is an important thing to notice when you talk about the security nature and the security transaction between those devices and the online world. Mobility. This is another frontier we talked about 8, 9 years ago. That is now fully upon us. Mobile devices will pass PCs as the most commonly used device to access the Internet this year. Fascinating, one of the stats is by 2015, 80% of handsets in the developed world will be smartphones with more computing power than some PCs had as much as 8 years ago. Think about the power of the citizen with this kind of tool in their pocket. It's fascinating. I remember reading the stat where if you lose your wallet, it takes you about 30 minutes to realize it. But if you lose your phone, it takes you about 3 minutes. What's more important to you now? And with mobile wallet and all the things that are happening, it is absolutely the new device of the future. The personal Cloud. I use Cloud technology. It accepts all the data on my computer, puts it up there. I can get devices. I can get the access of the information on my device, my work computer and get on my laptop. All of that stuff is now stored in the Cloud. I came to Symantec. I said, "What's our solution for that in the IT department? How can I get off this personal Cloud that I have and use the enterprise Cloud?" And while we have the offering here, my personal Cloud was 500 gigabytes and my corporate one was about 5 gigabytes because I had to try to figure out how to squeeze. With a 5-year-old kid, it's hard to get rid of those pictures. So the convergence here between the digital life and what you store online and what you do in your personal world has crossed the boundary now and it's readily used in the enterprise. And then we talk about these computing ecosystems, right? These are not just I have a PC, and I do everything on and I dial up to the Internet and I go online. These are entire ecosystems. iOS is an ecosystem. Android, Windows is now emerging, WIM [ph]. They all have ecosystem with apps, privacy, security, malware and virus issues in some of them. All of those ecosystems now compete for you as the individual. It's hard to be in one ecosystem with our family, for example. We have Amazon Kindles. We have laptops, Samsung. We have iPhones. I have an Android device. I have a new Windows one I'm testing. I have a Linksys router and I have a Comcast cable. I have a Samsung TV with smart apps. I log in to my TV now. My 4-year-old walks up to the TV and expects to be able to swipe on it, all right? This is a new world than even a few years ago. And all of that has information. My credit card, my purchase history, movies I like, preferences I like as an individual. Those ecosystems are very powerful. The more you participate in them, the more they know about you, the more information they have about you. And so as we bring those things together into 4.0 for Symantec, you start to piece several things together. One, the porous nature by which information is flowing across enterprise, individuals, governments and your personal world. Those boundaries are now taken down. Two, the frontier over the next decade that we participate in is one of the most exciting and thrilling and hugely opportunistic as a company, as an individual, as a professional, as an investor. I think we are sitting in the middle of that. And three, the ability for us to uniquely participate in that offering with our products and services. And I think you'll see that later today, it's very exciting. So on that note, I'm going to pass it over to Francis who's going talk about some of those product offerings and how we can uniquely participate and lead in many of these areas. Thank you.
Francis A. de Souza: Thank you, Stephen. Thank you. Well, the trends that Stephen talked about are having profound impacts, as you can imagine, in how we think about protection as an industry. One powerful idea is that the industries we participate in are all interconnected. Recently, we were tracking and investigating an incident where a businessman had his personal smartphone compromised as he went through the security line in a foreign airport. Now what happened is the attackers then compromised the corporate credentials he stored on his personal smartphone, and they used those credentials to compromise his company. And from his company, they then staged an attack on a government agency. And so what started out as a consumer hack became a corporate compromise, became a national cyber attack, right? So it's all interconnected. Next, as we think about the world today, it's very clear that we, as an industry, need a new model for protection. So as we think about how the protection model evolved, it really started as being very compute-centric. What that meant though was that for consumers, for example, as an industry we focused on protecting the PC. We focused on securing the PC, on backing up the PC, on performance-tuning it, but it was really all about the PC. And in the enterprise, similarly, it was really about the big 3. It was about protect the endpoints, protect the data center and protect the corporate network. That's what we did as an industry. But as you heard, the digital landscape is changing, right? With the addition of mobile devices, bring your own devices, web services, the Internet of Things, personal health devices, web platforms and in emerging software-defined data center, you've seen the digital landscape expand enormously both for consumers and for enterprises. And because in security we're dealing with an active opponent, every time the landscape expands, it becomes a battleground. And so as we think about protection, we need to think about where we're putting in the control points to protect this landscape. And what's clear is that what used to be an enterprise world of 1 control point, the PC, and a corporate world of 3 control points has now expanded to well over a dozen control points that all need to be protected. Now as we think about a protection model, it turns out that it's not that the new area, the new control point replaces the old one. It's not like you won't have firewalls anymore because you have BYOD. What happens is this is all additive, right? And so you need a new control point every time your landscape expands. Now what's happened over the last few years is that there has been growth in security, for example. But a lot of that growth has been taken up by startups that have formed new categories around these new control points. If you look at market share numbers, for example, in 2006 the top 5 security companies, we had 60% share of the security market. By 2010, our share had dropped to 44%, all 5 of us had lost share, and all of that share growth happened by startups, right? So new control points get created, new security gets -- new security categories get created, but a lot of that is taken up by startups. But startups are not the only companies we compete with to protect this new environment, right? We also face, on the other side, the stack providers. The providers of the big stacks for enterprises that increasingly are looking to put the various types of protection, whether it's backup or high-availability or security, into their platforms. That's true if you're building an operating system like Windows or Apple iOS. It's true if you're building a virtual ware like VMware or even a storage stack. And so we face competition from the startups that are looking to get into the new categories, as well as the stack providers. And then there are other companies like us. We call ourselves specialists. No other name than that's sort of what we do. That focus on a particular area. So there's CommVault in back up, for example. McAfee in security. So as we think about this landscape then, there are few things that are important to remember. One is across the different areas of protection, this is a growth industry, right? So as the landscape expands, there's more you have to back up. You back up your physical environment, you back up your virtual environment. There's more that you need to secure. The challenge is how should you get your share of this buy. So in thinking about our strategy, we spend a lot of time talking to customers, talking to analysts and putting together our plan around what does it take to win. And what we heard is there are a few things that are essential in the protection industry. The first thing we heard loud and clear is that it's important that you deliver a best-of-need offering. And what does that mean? That's a combination of a best-of-breed technology that does the protection that you're about but that meets the particular need of that customer. Now that could be tailored for the size of customer, so a large enterprise versus a small business. It could be the way they want to consume the offering, right? So they may want it as a service or as an appliance or software. Or it could be that they have particular legal requirements that they have to meet. They could be in a country, for example, where you offer an online backup service but the data have to stay in their country. So they're telling us that best-of-need is important. Second we heard loud and clear, that scale matters in the industries we're in. And scale matters in a number of different ways. Having a large global intelligence network actually does matter in terms of delivering better security, whether you're a consumer that's buying that security offering or a military that's buying that consumer -- that security offering. So scale matters in terms of delivering quality of protection. It also matters to enterprises in terms of being able to support them as they move globally. So scale is very important in these industries. Next they told us, and this is an area I think we have been challenged with historically, that integration matters and will matter even more so going forward. I spoke to the Chief Information Risk Officer of a very large financial services firm who said, "Look, Francis. I have 65 different security products in my environment that I'm responsible for." And he estimates that he spends a full 1/3 of his $300 million a year budget deploying and operating those systems. It's an awful lot of money. And what frustrates him is not just the amount of money he has to spend for a task that frankly he thinks we should do. But increasingly, he's saying it's hard and harder to find security professionals to do the job even if he had the money. And so more and more, as the threat landscape gets more toxic, people are going to want this integration to be done by the vendors. And then cross-platform. If you go into a house, you've heard Android and the various flavors of Android are still the market share leaders in smartphones. People have iPads in the house. They have Macs and they have PCs. It's a heterogeneous world. You go into the enterprise and it's clear that not only it is a heterogeneous world, but it's getting more heterogeneous going forward. And the truth is whether you're a consumer, a small business, a large enterprise or a government, you don't want to run different protection technologies on every flavor of platform that you have in your environment. So we heard very clearly is that to win long-term in protection, you need to deliver best-of-need offerings that offer scale, integration and work cross-platforms. So now we look at this and think about so how does this play out for startups, for us, for the large stack providers? And the truth is we feel that while startups will actually do very well in individual categories as the categories emerge and get to scale quickly because in protection you actually get adoption faster than you would in other IT industries, they'll be challenged to be the big providers of protection, right, because of all the scale that they will need to deliver to offer the entire offering. For the stack providers, the big challenge is going to be around being cross-platform, right? It's hard for them to be credible in providing protection in platforms outside their own. And so we feel that there's a real opportunity in front of us if we look at this list and deliver against this list for our customers to really take advantage of the growth that's happening in the various flavors of the protection industries. So what's our plan to do that? What we're doing is really focusing on a plan that helps us to better meet customer needs through internal innovation and diving faster organic growth. And I'll talk about some of the highlights of our plan. The first thing we're doing is really looking at how we're spending our R&D dollars. Overall, we expect our R&D dollars to go up as we do more R&D to drive organic innovation for our customers. We're also going to do a lot of reallocation though. As we look at our best and brightest and make sure that we have them focused on creating intellectual property that solves the problem that matters most to our customers and will drive growth. So there will be a lot of reallocation of our talent against the hard problems. We'll do more advanced research to deliver the protection capabilities that are necessary. And in addition to focus on more innovation, we'll do a lot more around leveraging innovation. And that's a change of model for us. Historically, what we've done is we've created intellectual property within a product, and we've leveraged that IP for that product. We're changing how we do things and really focusing in a concept around centers of excellence where we create technologies and common components that can be leveraged across products. Now we have some examples where we've seen some success that we'll build on. For example, the file system technology that came out of our SAMG group. Tremendous technology and we've seen good success, and we took that technology and put it into our DLP, our Data Loss Prevention offering, our security offering. And what that technology allows us to do is to actually understand who's been accessing important files in your environment, again in SAMG technology in a security context. We're also looking to deploy that technology in our integrated backup offering. And we believe that allow us to set a new bar in the scalability of our integrated backup offering. The idea though is that instead of doing this as one-off integration between products, we'll focus on creating centers of excellence and use those technologies across our portfolio, in a lot of cases to solve new unmet customer needs. And this isn't just an internal concept. We're going to take these centers of technology and look to leverage them through partners. So I'll talk about one example is network security. I know I'll get this question in the Q&A, so I'll address it now. We're not getting into the network security business. But you wonder, right? If you look at what's happening in that business, that business is evolving from protecting just the protocols to being more application-aware. That's the big move, right, to go into this next generation network security. But you ask yourself, we have this tremendous Data Loss Prevention technology that's actually content-aware. So more than knowing what application you're using, we can tell you what the content is. It may make sense to leverage that technology through a partner ecosystem to go to the next next-generation of network security. So those are things we're thinking through to say, "Look, we have these tremendous technologies that we can create in Centers of Excellence and leverage across our portfolio and through a partner ecosystem." And then finally, we're taking a 0-based mindset view of our entire portfolio. So what we've done is we've put all products together for the first time, and I'm responsible for that group, and I'm looking across the entire $1.8 billion spend to understand do we have the right level of investment, the right level of resources focused on our biggest growth opportunities? Next, we'll also look at improving the customer experience in using our products better and easier. We heard loudly and clearly that there is enormous value for our customers and opportunity for us in improving the customer experience when they're using our products and when they're supporting our products. And we have a number of initiatives underway to improve that. I'll just pick on a couple. One is, for example, we're simplifying the licensing of our products. We have over 41 different meters by which we control the licensing of our products. We don't need that many. We're going to make it simple for people to consume our products, to know how much of our products they've consumed and to buy more products using things like in-product licensing, for example. We also have this great technology that we use in our Norton products today, which is around self-healing. So it does a proactive diagnosis of issues that your product may be having and then remediates the issues without you ever knowing about it. That's great technology, and our Norton products will look to leverage that now across our enterprise portfolio to improve the experience the customer has. Similarly, we're investing, as you've heard before, in our technical support capabilities to improve the experience there, expanding the channels, for example, by which our customers can talk to us today. The vast majority, over 80%, of the support is done over the phone. We think there is an opportunity to actually give customers the level of support they need in their moment of need through their channel of choice. Next, we're going to focus on right for me offerings. So what we've heard from customers is that while they like the core technologies we offer, in a lot of cases they actually need the offerings tailored for them. It could be, again, I said, if you're a small business, you may want to consume our products a certain way, maybe in the form of a web service. If you're a consumer, you may want it one way. So depending on the size of the customer, we'll offer tailored offerings. But we're also being told that for certain geographies we need to offer tailored offerings. I've talked about the fact that, for example, if you're consuming a web service that stores data, you may have in-country residency requirements for that web service. And then we're looking at offering tailored products for specific industries where you need a customization of the product, a more specialized product. For example, telcos are a vertical that we're looking at where we'll offer a more tailored capability for that industry. And then next we're hearing loudly and clearly and we'll offer our customer is the ability to consume more and more of our capabilities across deployment options. So software, appliance, Software-as-a-Service and, increasingly now, a hybrid between those form factors. Now, in addition to focusing on improving our existing offerings, I'm very excited about the work we've been doing over the last few months by talking to customers and understanding the bigger jobs that they're hiring our customers to solve. And to address those, we're going to be launching a set of new offerings that are broader, more integrated and target higher value customer needs. Now, the reality is customers will be able to buy our products as they are today, and they will be able to do that going forward. They'll be able to buy these products, they'll be able to upgrade, they'll be able to maintain them but they'll also be able to buy our capabilities through these broader offerings. And the idea is it will also allow them to turn on capabilities as they need so they'll be able to step from point products to the broader offerings. So let me paint that in a little bit more. When we talk to customers about the jobs that they're hiring our products to do, it turns out that they said there are 3 categories, 3 areas that they're hiring our products for. The first category was user productivity and protection. And in their words, they said make it simple for me to be productive and protected at home and at work. Next, for information security. They're saying keep my business safe and compliant. And information management was all about keep my business information and applications up and running. Now if you look at our existing portfolio, you can see how it maps into those 3 areas. This is just a sample list. The reality is we have over 150 different products, so I didn't show the entire list. But you can see how some of our core offerings map to those focus areas. Now we're going to continue to develop and make those offerings available to our customers going forward. But in addition, we're going to offer 10 new offerings over the next 6 to 24 months. And the 10 new offerings are going to be an aggregation of capabilities across those customer needs. So I'll give you 3 examples. The first one is an offering that we're calling mobile workforce productivity. It's our working name. And the idea here is that if you talk to customers about their end point real estate, and I'll give you an example. There was one large pharmaceutical company, and as the CIO was describing his real estate he said, look, we have 60,000 PCs. We have about 7,000 Macs. We have 15,000 iPads and over 10,000 Android smartphones in their environment that he was aware of. And he said what he needs is an offering that allows him to let people use those devices but, at the same time, protect the business. And he had a number of regulations that he has to deal with being in the pharmaceutical industry. Now as we talked about what it would take to deliver what he needed, there's a whole set of products that he would have to buy today. Now you can buy those products from us or you can buy from a set of vendors, but you can see it's about a dozen different offerings from the market today that you would have to buy to enable that CIO or any CIO like him to be able to meet the needs of managing their end point real estate. Or the idea is you can buy a single offering from us that brings all those capabilities together and gives you a single holistic view around what's happening across all your endpoints, endpoints, PCs and Macs but also smartphones and iPads, whether they're owned by you or owned by the employee but plugging into your network. And here's also the real power of having Norton. Because one of the things that we heard from customers was they would love the idea to let people use their own devices but require them to have Norton on it. Because if you know that somebody is protected by Norton, well then, frankly, you have a higher level of confidence and may give them more privilege in accessing your environment than if you didn't know what they had. Let me give you another example of an offering that we're looking to launch. This is around an information security service. We talked about the environment where the CIRO said he had over 65 security products, right? And one of his challenges was even with those 65 products, he said, "I don't know at any point how secure I am. I don't know what my security posture is. I don't know what my compliance posture is." And so what we're looking to do is address that problem. So this is a service that actually looks across your environment, takes in feeds from Symantec security products, but partner security products or other third-party security products, and takes in logs from products that aren't security products at all, your server logs, your endpoint logs. Also, it takes in a feed from our Global Intelligence Network and gives you visibility around what's going on. And in addition to doing the risk analysis and correlation, we'll have our own threat analysts that will also look at escalated events and tell you whether you need to wake up at 3 a.m. in the morning because you're having a real incident or it's something that we could have remediated for you. This offering also then, we believe, addresses a very important customer need and builds a strong competitive advantage because this is hard to replicate. I'll give you one more example of an offering we're looking at around business continuity. Probably the best way to do this is go through an example, right? So if you look at an enterprise running an application like SAP. Now, that's a big app. Typically runs across multiple tiers, right? The front end tier usually runs on Linux, the middle tiers typically run on Windows and the database tier, typically an Oracle database, will run on Solaris. Now SAP is typically a mission-critical app for a company, and so they want to make sure that it remains highly available and performant. Now to do that, companies need lots of technologies, right? They need to make sure that they're backing up the Linux environment, the Windows environment, the Solaris environment. They need to make sure they're backing up any of those layers that have been virtualized. They need clustering. They need replication. They need disaster recovery. And because they have so many pieces, they need something to orchestrate it all. For example, if it goes down, they need to make sure that the database goes down last and comes up first. That's an awful lot of complexity to manage that SAP implementation and make sure it's running consistently. To do that, they could buy all those offerings or the idea is buy a single business continuity offering from us that has all those capabilities. This is hard to do. It solves an important customer need, and we believe builds competitive advantage for us going forward. So those are examples of the 10 offerings that we're looking at aiming to bring to market in the next 6 to 24 months. What's in it, overall, for our customers? We'll talk about how we think this really transforms how they think about Symantec. But to do this, we have to enhance the capabilities we have. I talked about the centers of excellence concept that we're building internally. But to do this, we have to enhance the capabilities we have. I talked about the Centers of Excellence concept that we're building internally. There's work we have to do to expand those Centers of Excellence. Today, we have 23 different Cloud platforms that are on the different Cloud services we have. We're changing the model to create a single Cloud platform that can be accessed by the different Cloud services. That will provide for a faster delivery of new services and more consistent user experience and, frankly, eliminate a lot of redundancy. We're looking to expand our hardware supply chain as we sell more of our appliances around the world. We're also building a capability we're calling the information fabric. And what this does is it gives you information about what the data is that you have in your backup, in your archives, on your end points. This is a powerful concept. Because if you know what the data is across your enterprise, you can be more intelligent about what you need to back up and store, how long you need to keep data. And you can be better positioned from a security perspective, as you know what the information is that's moving around your enterprise and in and out of your enterprise. We're also looking to expand our Global Intelligence Network from a security perspective and enhance the big-data, back-end capabilities. Today, we believe we have one of the largest big-data, back-ends from a security perspective. We leverage 1.7 trillion pieces of information and munge [ph] data on over 100 million URLs to deliver a verdict every 6 hours. That's good. But the reality is, as we look forward and we look at this Internet of Things that's churning out so much data, we know we'll need to invest to drive that capability forward. So how does this all benefit customers? We believe this is a big step forward in terms of our ability to meet the things that customers told us were important. We'll solve bigger problems from them -- for them and stop them from being the integration between our products. We'll deliver right-for-me offerings, so that they can consume these capabilities in the way they want. We'll improve their customer experience by making it better and easier. And it will allow them to buy how they want to buy from us, by improving our licensing programs and the way we offer our capabilities. Now before I turn it back over to Steve, I wanted to say -- make some personal thoughts. Look, it's a real privilege for us to be in a company that's driven by a mission like we are. The team is incredibly energized by what's been going on here over the last few months, right? They'll focus on solving the bigger customer problems rather than moving point products forward feature by feature. They'll focus on fueling innovation to drive organic growth. They'll focus on collaboration, whether it's structural and putting all the products together, whether it's the partner meetings that Steve and I are doing to look for the deep set of partners that we feel, by working together, we can bring real value to our customers. Those things are incredibly powerful, and we think they'll make a very big difference. Thank you.
Stephen M. Bennett: Before we get into the go-to-market, I wanted to just take some thoughts and share how we're thinking about the portfolio. Francis, now, gave you a sense for how we were thinking differently about applying technology to solve our most important customer problems. So as part of our 4.0 strategy process, we looked at everything in our portfolio, every product, every technology. And we use a 2-key criteria that you can see on the slide, as a standalone or something that we could integrate, like file systems, into an offering that will solve new and important customer problems. We put everything through there, and we have nothing to announce today. This process is going to be ongoing, and we'll deal with anything that doesn't fit. This is where we are today. It's an ongoing process. But what I really wanted to share, and you'd expect this, as we continue to look at all the business and things we've done. But one of the reasons I picked 4.0 is because with the new version, sometimes we all have to change our software and think differently than we did in the past. Our leadership team and our employees are going through some of that now, as we roll out 4.0 thinking in the company. I would also say that we're going to have to communicate in different ways with you as we go forward. For instance, we don't have a Consumer business anymore in Symantec. And I'd like to thank Janice for all the things she did over 10 years to build a great solid asset for the company. As we talk about the new structure, and I'll get into this, but my need to functionalize the company so that we could move faster on the things as opposed to through the decentralized silos that we have, we concluded that we didn't have the right role for her. So she's going to leave Symantec, and that's a loss for us. But it's logical for her to move on to be a CEO somewhere, given her history and track record. So we're not going to have a Consumer business. We're going to have an end point business. We're going to organize our company around our customer problems. We're going to have to change segment reporting. So we'll work through all of the ways to do this. We're not going to have SAMG business anymore. We're looking at SAMG as technology that can solve important customer problems. So I'll share more of the details there, but this is a big and exciting change for our company. We know this will be part of the transition. But the goal is to leverage all of our products, services, technology to solve higher-order customer problems and drive faster, organic growth. So a couple of other things. First, on a simplified go-to-market strategy, this won't take us long. The important thought here is that we're going to add, Francis referred to this, a new vertical business. There's 4 verticals that we're going to focus on. The key there is where we need specialized offerings to better meet the needs of customers, where our product -- our individual products don't meet the needs and there's 4 we've identified. One is national public sectors, where you need things like certifications to sell. We've talked to, Francis mentions Telco. The Telco part isn't the sell-to part of Telco. It's more of the sell-with. I've met with -- talked with people at Comcast and Vodafone. They actually want to take -- integrate some of our products and services, whether it be Norton or some of our small business services, into their web service offerings to their small businesses or consumers. We used to have 3 different organizations, all calling on these big customers, and it made them crazy. So we're not going to do that anymore. We're going to have somebody that owns named Telcos, and the customers are pretty excited that we're going to make this change and focus on them. We'll cover the sell-to, the sell-with. And I think will develop much deeper and stronger relationships with those kinds of customers. Call it Telcos, ISPs, XaS -- or XaaS. Call that, an example, Amazon S3. There are a lot of new hosting companies, as the world moves to the Cloud or hybrid Clouds, that we need to figure out a way to get our technology integrated into their stack so that they can provide a better, secure environment for their customers. So we're going to have a specific focus. So almost like an OEM sale to get our technology, we -- which we think is best in breed, integrated into their offerings. And we're going to invest leadership and focus resource to make that happen. That's the concept on verticals. And at the top of the pyramid, enterprise and the verticals -- named verticals, named accounts in these vertical industries. We're going to have Symantec resources calling directly on these customers with partners involved on a customer-led basis. On commercial, we're basically going to have self-contained teams focused on the channel, dedicated to the channel, self-contained, working with our partners to grow their business and grow our business in collaboration with a philosophy that says, "We're going to work together to win in the marketplace, and we'll split the economics in some way that's fair." We're also at the bottom of the pyramid, going to make some real progress on consumer and small business, call it SOHO [ph] business. We're going to, I believe, come up with more web services for small businesses and sell them through our e-commerce engine, which is, if you understood how we worked in the past and I'll talk about, I think we had a Norton transactional e-commerce engine. And small businesses couldn't buy from us through any kind of e-commerce capability. And I think that's one of the root causes why we've not performed well over the last few years in small business. I'm going to talk about what we're doing to change that. And we have some of our Geo leaders here today. What I wanted to say is we're not going to use a one-size-fits-all. This is our standard theory, that case is going to be applied in a thoughtful manner in every country. So it was very haphazard and decentralized in the past, where, frankly, it was the Wild, Wild West and everybody did their own thing. And that's part of the reason I say our system did not produce. Our marketing sales system was high cost and did not produce high-quality outcomes. So here's some of the specific changes that we're going to make. First, I think you've learned we're going to move from individual point solutions to have great point solutions plus more integrated offerings that solve higher-level customer problems. It's an and, not an or. And we're going to move from short-term bookings, making the current quarter's financial results, which we all want to do, to life-time customer value and make decisions that are going to lead us to more of a longer cycle. But as Jack Welch always said, "Anybody can manage short or long. If you want to be successful at GE, you have to deliver both." And that's what we're going to do. So here's some of the specific things that you've been talking about for a while. First, new business growth. Over time, not tomorrow, especially for any of our salespeople that are listening, we're going to focus our sales force on new business only. We're going to create a renewals team. We don't -- we haven't -- we have the concept. We have a leader. We're going to figure out how to do this in a thoughtful way over time and make a smart transition from the way we've always done it to the future. I'm quite excited about this, because our renewals performance is below industry norms and our costs are way above industry norms. So we're going to get better outcomes more cost effectively and do a better job for our customers by implementing both of these challenges. And we're going to turn our sales force into hunters versus farmers. We're also going to make much more use of high-volume, high-quality, lower-cost sales channels, telesales, e-business. In the past, we had a wonderful -- and I give Janice credit for this; she led this process -- e-commerce transactional website for Norton. So it's logical that somebody would say, "Well, why don't you use that for the whole company?" Well, that's what we're going to do. And it's logical that you would say, "Well, customers come to a website to do more these days than buy. They come to get support, and they come to do research. They come to do other things." So we need to broaden the scope of our e-commerce capability or e-business capability and also take that platform capability built by Janice and the consumer team across the whole company. And that's what we're going to do. We've added a new sales global process enablement function, which we never had before. Hard to believe, but we didn't ever have anybody whose job was to enable our sales force across the world to be productive with the tools and capabilities that are going to help them sell more, acquire more new business and be much more productive as we go forward. We're going to build out marketing. We -- I would say that we have some great marketing talent. But there's a lot of gaps, because we've been so sales driven. We want to be still strong in sales, but we also want to add resources to help us be more strategic and take on some of the opportunities to be more thoughtful in how we go to market. And we're going to redesign our partner program, so that we provide more value to partners that provide value to end customers. So a lot of action here, things that I've heard from some or many of you in the marketplace. These are things that we're going to do in a thoughtful fashion over the next period. And we don't want to -- we got to change the tires while the car is running. So now, a couple of thoughts. We've alluded to this. So I won't take a lot of time on this. But I talked about -- earlier when I took this job, we weren't going to stand still, while we were making this -- while we're building strategy for Symantec. We've made a lot of strategy-independent moves, some of which we've announced over time. Here's just a level of some of them. You can read through this slide. I don't need to share that. What's new today is now that we have a strategy, we can organize the company around the new strategy and match the talent to the new structure: strategy, structure, talent. That's the way we think about it, and that's the approach we took. One other thought I would say, I skipped through that, you saw today and I'm 100% supportive of this, that we split the Chairman and the CEO role at Symantec. I'm 100% believer in that. I lived in that environment before at Intuit. I think they are different jobs. They should be different jobs, and we're fortunate to have somebody as strong as Dan Schulman that's willing to step up and be the Chairman of Symantec. One thing that I didn't say today that I would tell investors, that I think is material, I'm also, as many of you know, the presiding Director of QUALCOMM. I'm not standing for reelection. My last board meeting will be in March. I love QUALCOMM. And what Paul is doing there is remarkable. But I'm stepping down from that board so I can focus all my energy on Symantec. In terms of the new organization design objectives, before I get into -- you can see kind of the concept as we put the structure together. This is a very interdependent organization and for the degree of change we have to go through, we need a team, starting at the top, that's very collaborative, whose skills are complementary and work together. So that's why we created the office of the CEO, and we're going to make a lot of decisions based on ability to collaborate. And the people that work here are going to be team players. We're going to increase our customer focus but not with our traditional structure. We're going to skate to where the puck is going, not to where it used to be, with the worlds merging between small business and consumers. I find Francis' story about -- so interesting on how the worlds are merging. What we want to do is organize around the company around solving important customer problems and to get the kind of progress we need to make. Based on the redundancies and the lack of process focus and accountability and execution, it was my judgment the best way to get there with the least amount of risk was to functionalize the company. And that's what we've done. Francis is on products and services, technology; Steve and I, ham-and-egg kind of a marketing and sales; and the sales leaders still work for me, which we'll get into. But we have a focus on creating the offering and acquiring customers and expanding the relationship. And I think ultimately, this focus plus our investments in things that drive growth are going to serve us well as we go through a pretty significant transition from the way we were to the way we're going to be. And that's something that I'm very conscious of in terms of minimizing the execution risk. So we talked about the office of the CEO, and my peers on the stage that are part of that. I'm going to have 11 direct reports. And you can see, I highlighted in green, kind of major changes or major new roles. While Francis has been here doing the enterprise with the decision to functionalize and Janice's decision to leave, we now -- he has full scope, which I think will help us really leverage the side or the capability of the company to help us to be even better on organic growth and product development technology. If you take a click down one layer, this is what Francis' organization looks like. We're going to organize around end points. We put one of our best and brightest, Fran Rosch is over here. And [indiscernible] over to the right, is going to run our mobile business, one of our best and brightest engineer product management leaders. He's a superstar in the company. We also are going to put together -- you'll start to see the power of what Francis talked about. Norton and SEP are going to be led by the same engineering leader, Jens Meggers, who was the Norton engineering leader, one of our best engineering leaders in the company. He's now going to have a much bigger domain, so that we cannot have 2 separate everythings and start to get some synergy in our development and free up resources to redeploy to invest in things that are going to drive organic growth. And then Norton and SEP Product Management, Dave Cole is going to take that over. So we're going to have that hybrid. And Information Security, Anil is going to run that; and CJ is going to run Information Management. So all of those things organized around the 3 different higher-order customer groups that Francis talked about. Stephen's got a lot of green on his slide, which talks about how much work and why we need such an experienced and talented person. And we're so fortunate to get him to come and help us. But look at the work he has to do. #1, Allad [ph], who runs Consumer Sales, is going to work for Stephen. So Stephen is going to have Marketing and Consumer Sales, and I think his innovation and understanding of the market will really help us accelerate innovation. Plus, by eliminating some of these redundancies, we're going to find enough money to give some to investors and to invest some in solving important customers needs. And I think we can accelerate some of our innovation on the Consumer side. We talked about the new Renewals organization. We talked about expanding the e-commerce scope. We have to build this Cloud Ops. I don't know about -- you caught the subtlety. James will talk about this a little bit but 23 or 24 different web service platforms, that probably doesn't seem like the right way to run a company in the current environment. So we have to consolidate that over time. We're going to hire a CMO. We've added the sales process and enablement role already. And so you get a sense for the amount of transition we have to go through as a company, and it's a lot. So with that, I'm going to turn it over to James to tell you how we're going to both fund this and some of the numbers. And I'll come back after that to close us up.
James A. Beer: Thank you, Steve. I'll clip along through this session just to make sure we've got time for your questions. But we'll need to spend a moment on where we're going to be looking to invest to drive the organic growth that we plan for here. I look at it both from sources, users perspective, how we're actually going to be able to pay for the investments, how we are going to be able to drive margins up as well. So when you look at the opportunity side of the equation, I say there are 3 key drivers here. We've grown obviously through acquisition, down through the years. And we've only partially integrated many of those acquisitions. And so that fact, combined with the traditional business unit organizational structure that we have had, has really created a lot of silos. And with that comes a lot of redundancy. Add a lot of management and what we've got is a situation with significant duplication of activity, of structures, of applications, as well as the complexity that is, frankly, getting in the way of building the products and selling the products. More specifically, in the area that Francis will be running, so the product development and support area he alluded to is a large pool of spending now, around $1.8 billion per year. And with that overall look, we believe in combination with a zero-based budgeting approach, we'll be able to make good on the areas of duplication that we have today. We've just got a couple of examples up here, Steve mentioning the rather large number of Cloud services platforms that we have, 54 data center locations. There are other opportunities besides. Francis talked about his Centers of Excellence that he's going to be putting into place. That's another way in which we'll be able to cut through duplicative activity that's in place today. And then while we'll obviously be focusing on building out the 10 new product offerings that Francis spoke of, we'll look to realign the R&D and support effort going into our current point product set, realign that activity with the specific market opportunities that each of those point products have today. In the sales and marketing area, we think that we can make a massive change here in terms of simplifying our pricing and licensing activity. 31 price lists, 41 license meters are just again a couple of examples of the sort of complexity that is really making it more difficult for us to deal well with our customers and our partners. Steve mentioned the renewals focus. We're not satisfied with our renewal rate performance, and so we're very much of the view that a dedicated focused team will be able to operate in a very high-performing manner at a lower cost. We've got a variety of marketing groups that operate around similar missions in parallel business unit structures, so we have an opportunity there. We'll be able to, based on the routes-to-market structure that Steve talked about, make very significant progress on those 23 distinct sales channels that we note there. And then, I think, there are other opportunities to realign the field sales real estate footprint that we operate today and also drive out complexity that is embedded in the large number of individualized compensation plans that we operate. So those are the 2 big pools of spending. But right across the company, we have a situation where we have expanded over time the number of layers that we operate within the organization. We've narrowed the spans of control that managers look after. And not only has that created a relatively high-cost environment but also an environment which is conducive to rather slow decision-making. It can be, in essence, a communications barrier that we put into place here. The decision-making's carrying further away from the realities of the frontline for us. And so we're going to be addressing that very directly. We'll begin to be reducing the number of management layers that we operate from 10 to 6 to 7. And at the same time, we'll be approximately doubling the spans of control that we have from the current 4 to -- of the order of 8. We'll address this work in a thoughtful way through 3 waves of activity, and we would expect to be finished with that by June. So now, moving on to the uses side of the ledger, I'll just touch on this briefly because we have really covered a lot of this already. We see significant opportunities to invest in our future, really, the 3 drivers of organic growth in our view: people, products and infrastructure. Francis has spoken about the plans around the offering side of the equation, as well as the capabilities that we'll build to be able to deliver well on those offerings for our customers. And Steve has talked about the changes we'll be making in both the marketing and the sales area. I'll just touch on the G&A side for a moment. IT is very much a part of the organization that we view as a real strategic enabler of change of growth for our future. We'll look to in-source some of the high-value roles there in IT. At the same time, we're going to be looking to invest in our data center and network infrastructure to be able to offer a common platform versus the parallel platforms that we've taken on from the variety of acquisitions that we've entered into down through the years. We believe very much that, that will be important, as we look to deliver more service capability to our customers on a worldwide basis. Investments in IT applications will also support our streamlining of business processes. And that work is well under way in a variety of parts of our organization already. And very importantly, in financial-type presentations such as this one, we don't tend to talk a lot about HR. But I think it's very important, the focus that we'll be having on developing our talent going forward, an essential part of the overall equation. So before I hand it back to Steve, I just wanted to take a moment, really, as Francis did, to give you a few of my thoughts as to why I'm excited about this chapter that we're just entering into for Symantec. And clearly, we've heard a lot about the importance of our mission. Securing and managing the world's digital information has never been more important. And this really is a mission that has energized our people right across the organization. This afternoon, we're articulating a very clear strategy and operational plans. It's very much being validated by a variety of customers and partners. So plan based on organic growth rather than growth through acquisition. We're very much working as a team to address the really hard issues around reshaping the organization, streamlining it, identifying the areas for opportunity around efficiencies as well as investments. And we're very much going to invest in the places that makes sense for our customers, for our partners into the future. And importantly, we're going to be laser focused on execution from an operational perspective. When you put all of that together, I think the objectives of the financial elements of this plan, that Steve's now going to come up here and take you through, very much achievable. And we look forward to working towards that end.
Stephen M. Bennett: I didn't mind putting this slide up so you can think about this a little bit when James was talking. Here's directionally where we see the company going in terms of resource allocation. Over the next few years, we would expect in, say, fiscal year '17 to be at the upper end of R&D as a percentage of revenue. We would expect marketing and sales to move from where we are today, which is in the 41%, down to 27%. So pretty significant reallocation, more efficient, more effective. We talked about how we're going to do that. I think we'll be better marketing and selling. And we'll also be much more efficient as we fix the system. G&A, we expect to be in the neighborhood of 5% or 6%, or 5% and 6%. At the same time, we expect to deliver a bunch of this money we're going to free up to investors. So let me shift gears to talk about our thinking, looking forward here. Look, we're committed to greater than 5% CAGR in the fiscal year '15 through '17 period and 30%-plus operating margins. The 5% and 30% plan, I committed to the board, and I'll commit to investors. That's what our team is focused on delivering. We've got a lot of execution to make that happen, but that's what we see happening. And frankly, that would still be share loss. So I'm not sure if I'd be happy at this. It might be -- you might view this is a big lift. So we're going to try and be better than this. But this is what we're committed to the board and what the management team is saying to investors. We have a goal of 30% operating margin in fiscal year '15. That's our goal. So that's 2 years. But '14, as James said, kind of like the fourth quarter, if anybody here can predict what's going to happen in the fourth quarter or in fiscal year '14 going through all this change, we want to be prudent in the way we're thinking about this. And we're thinking it'll look like kind of 0 to 2% revenue growth -- organic revenue growth. So we still think we can get growth, going operating margins by a couple of hundred basis points from some of our initiatives that will start. Because it's going to take us multiple years to go through a lot of the stuff we're talking about. We can't just flip the switch and make this transition. And our free cash flow will be affected by a $275 million severance charge that we're going to take and some incremental CapEx to fund the investments that we need to make in long-term growth. So I'll talk about capital allocation for just a second. Before we get into the announcements we made in the new news, we just want to talk about a strategy to set the direction that we're heading for as a company. Basically, it starts with the hurdle and discipline around the hurdle on how we invest our shareholders' cash. And we'll continue to return excess cash to shareholders. We set a 15%-plus, risk-adjusted IRR. And over time, we target returning 50% of our free cash flow to shareholders. And as we drive organic growth increases, we would expect cash flows to grow in line with operating profit growth. And we think we'll get to about 50% for you, 50% to reinvest. If we can't find -- if we can't make internal investments that meet the hurdle, then we'll return more. And over time, we're announcing, for the first time, our dividend today, which I'll get to on the next slide. But over time, we would expect to return about 50% of the cash flow to you in a dividend and 50% in repurchase. So we announced today a 2.5% -- targeted 2.5% dividend, our board approved it Monday, and an additional $1 billion share authorization. And we'll continue opportunistic buybacks as we have in the past. Next year, we expect to continue to return in the neighborhood of $800 million, which is what we've been doing recently. But I think it's important for investors to realize we're -- but we're -- in addition to the $800 million, we're also going to put another $375 million to $425 million to work next year. We're going to invest it in, the onetime charge for severance and some additional CapEx. So in total, we're putting a lot more money back to work, reinvesting and keeping our $800 million share repurchase and dividend combination. So let me just close with a couple of thoughts. We have an operating theme for Symantec 4.0, which is, you heard it, better and easier. That will make the company better, and we got to be easier. It's really what we do, people and partnerships, internal and external, Francis talked about. We've been kind of -- been a lone wolf. There are a lot of people out there that I think we could partner with in a significant way to deliver real value to end customers, that would then we could split in some economical term. How we play? We talked about teamwork, collaboration and how we think. Innovation everywhere, especially on customer-driven innovation and technology-driven innovation. This is a technology company. Global and local. We've been a U.S. company with global distribution. We need to become a global company. That's what customers around the world have told me. And big and small. We want to be big, where leverage gives you benefit. Everyplace else, we want to be small, nimble, fast. And that's part of why we are announcing this organizational streamlining, which we will go through in more detail with our employees after we're done today. I think the most important thing, though, that I would say is, and James and Francis, Stephen alluded to this, kind of our mission, or how we think about what we do and it's one of the things that's really struck me coming here and talking to customers, we have a pretty important role in the world, in the global economy. And this may not be the final thing we ended up. This is -- but this how I think about it today. This company is all about coming to work every day, enabling people, businesses, both small and large, and countries, to protect and manage their digital information so they can spend their time and energy achieving their aspirations. That's what's Symantec 4.0 is all about. And we're going to do it on a global basis, and we're going to work as a team to deliver for our customers, for our employees, for our partners and for our shareholders. So now, the announcement's over. We've had a 6-month buildup to the announcement. Now the fun starts. Now we got to move to execution. So you have my -- I'm pleased to only have to focus on one thing. For the first 2 quarters, we had to work like crazy to build a strategy for this company that we felt would give a great return to our shareholders. Now we get to shift from wearing 2 hats, and we -- then we delivered. I'm proud of our team. We delivered 2 quarters that were better than I expected, while we were changing the tires in the car. Now we get to spend 100% of our focus, focused on executing this plan. So that's Symantec 4.0. Thanks for -- sorry, we took a little longer than we planned. But let me open it up now for your questions about whatever is on your mind.
Helyn Corcos: So we have mic runners. If you guys go ahead and just raise your hands, we'll get a mic to you so everyone can hear. We also have Q&A over the phone line. And so I'm going to let Gwen [ph] give that instructions so we can also go to the phone line after a few in the room questions. Thank you.
Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: It's Philip Winslow of Credit Suisse. I just want to focus on the go-to-market strategy, the 2 components. First, breaking off the renewals team. I definitely applaud that decision. But also, I just wanted to get your thought process on sort of a general sales force with specialist overlays versus a fully specialized sales force. Just what was the thought process as you went kind of through these 2 decisions?
Stephen M. Bennett: Yes. I think we were very complicated in our go-to market, both on how we define the market and all the overlays. And what I would tell you, without boring everybody well of details, is we're going to have self-contained teams focused on the strategy now of end point information and security information management. And they're going to be in North America, in the U.S. They're going to be -- we're going to have a dedicated commercial team that's self-contained, and we're going to have a dedicated enterprise team. And we're going to have leaders that run those self-contained teams. So I think part of the problem is all these layers and stacking and everything were confusing to our customers and to organization. And I think we're going to streamline and simplify all of that stuff. So I think it's a major change. I actually took it out of here, because I thought it was too hard to explain in a simple way. But we're going to radically change the whole structure of the sales force. We're going to change the incentives over time. We're going to change the structure, and we're going to focus people on new business as opposed to -- so it's a lot of moving parts over time. And as soon as we're ready to announce that -- you can imagine that salespeople are hearing this for the first time today. So we're going to be thoughtful in the transition. And that's where I'd leave it for now. Lots of work to do.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Steve, Brent Thill of UBS. On the margin structure, then those [ph] leverages going to come from the sales and marketing line, and I think you talked a little bit about this. But where do you see the biggest cost savings, to expand on Phil's question? I had a question for James, just on -- big deals in the quarter fell dramatically. Is that just deals that got pushed to Q4? Or how should we think about that just tactically?
Stephen M. Bennett: Go ahead.
James A. Beer: Okay. Let me just address the second part of the question there. Yes, you're right. The big deals were down in the quarter year-over-year. But that wasn't consistent with the overall activity that we were seeing across the business. So we're quite comfortable with where bookings and billings grew to. So no, I wouldn't say that the big deal statistics were illustrative of the overall result.
Stephen M. Bennett: I think -- again, this is a hard thing to make simple. I think our system is just broken. I think our sales people spend less than 50% of their time selling. They spend a lot of time internally negotiating. They have all these different products they try to sell, and they have different terms and conditions. And they -- I just think we have to streamline and simplify and focus the whole thing, get the right incentives and separate the roles to do the renewals thing. I think we can be better at renewals more cost effectively. And over time, I think we change the mix of our sales force, and we'll have more telesales and e-commerce capability. One of the things that I didn't mention, because I was pushing the time a little bit, think about Francis' products that he announced, our products that Francis is going to build and his team are going to build. Think about a day when a customer could buy a soft -- integrated solution with 10 different software functionality capabilities, and they only need the 3. Okay, they shipped all 10. They decided they needed to add 3 more capabilities, and how do they do that? Oh, they turn it on in the software. That's the best cross and upsell thing that we could ever do, shipping integrated suites that you could unlock, like we've been doing in Norton, like we did in QuickBooks. And customers like that. You could -- think about your cross and upsell, what would your cost be for cross-sell and upsell if that was the offering that was compelling where you could just unlock it? So I think there's some big fundamental change in our system, in how we do our offerings, in how we simplify things, that we could take our talented field resources and focus them and just produce much more -- much better outcomes, much more cost effectively. I'm actually very comfortable in the numbers, based on what I've learned that we could -- the 41 to 27. It will be happening over time, and we're not going to try and do it all in 1 month. Yes?
Adam H. Holt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Steve, it's Adam from Morgan Stanley. I had -- actually, I've 2 questions. One, in the quarter, your storage and server management business had a real acceleration. Could you maybe talk a little bit about what happened there and what the outlook is going forward? And then I have a question on the longer-term model.
James A. Beer: Well, 2 stories really there. First of all, the greater absolute growth coming from the NetBackup business. We've talked about our appliances business for several quarters now, and we're pleased with the traction that, that continues to garner in the marketplace. And then secondarily, the storage management business growing for the second quarter in a row. That was important as well. So you put those 2 things together, and you arrive at the storage and server management growth rate that you saw.
Adam H. Holt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And then just a follow-up on the longer-term model, you just mentioned you've got comfort with that sales and marketing number getting down to 25%. It kind of looks -- it looks like, if my math is right, you're calling for high-30s margins by fiscal '17, which would actually be an acceleration of margins after fiscal '15, is that an -- I mean, that's quite a bit of expansion from current levels. Is that an aspirational goal? Or is that kind of your base case? And maybe walk us through how you think about that.
Stephen M. Bennett: I did -- I -- it's 27% versus 25%. Don't give me 2 extra points of -- I don't know where you're -- James, can you help me on that one because -- look, at the end of the day, I'm not that far out on the model on kind of what the margin could be. I think we said our goal is 30% in 2 years, in fiscal -- I think if we can continue to get momentum on organic growth -- and I am thrilled with the new thinking on the offering, solving higher-level jobs and being more efficient and taking those to market. If we can accelerate market organic growth more than the 5%, we said greater than 5% CAGR, we'll get volume leverage. We'll get volume. And we won't find enough 15% IRR investments that we can execute on. So we'll create more cash that we'll end up returning. So I haven't thought about an upper limit on that. I'm really focused on organic growth. And in the past, I found that if you delivered that, everything else worked out great. So let's stay focused on making the 30% in '15, and then we'll invest wisely to see the balance between reinvestment and returning to shareholders.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Walter Pritchard from Citi here. James, just 2 quick financial questions. I think where Adam was going is, is if you throw an 85% gross margin into the fiscal '17 numbers, you get the -- you get 37% margin. So maybe just a question on where do you see gross margins trending. And then, Steve, for you, just on organizational structure. I think, just having covered Symantec for a long time, the Consumer business has been probably the most consistently performing business over the last decade. And part of that's been it's had vertically everything it needed to operate. And I'm just wondering how you thought about the structure you laid out here versus maybe doing something that was consumer SMB and enterprise and following the model that had been successful there.
Stephen M. Bennett: Yes, a couple of thoughts. Let me actually take both of those. I think that as the world changes and mixes, customers are buying software now more on appliances. And so the margin profile may change over time from straight license. So I think you got to be careful to project kind of the mix today based on how people. And the SaaS margins may be -- so I think the dynamic, as Francis talked about how people want to buy in the next 3, 4, 5 years, is going to change a lot so -- from where we are today. That's my view. And so I'm going to be careful to kind of model based on the as is versus the to be. I think that's an important kind of thing. We're wrestling with what is it going to be. But we shift -- see it shifting away. What was your question for me, now that I answered James', again?
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: [indiscernible]
Stephen M. Bennett: Yes. At the risk of being a little bit controversial, I think that relative to enterprise, our Consumer business was well run. But the margins in TurboTax are a hell of a lot better than the margins are for Norton. And so it just depends on how you define success. And I think we can do way better in Consumer. I think the new structure -- we can do a better job in consumer. I think Janice was and the team have performed well. But they were constrained by short-term financial metrics. And I'm going to free up money by making hard decisions to invest. I think we can grow Consumer by solving new problems faster. I don't think she was ever able to do that because the structure got in the -- I don't think it was a structure -- I think it's about how we run the company to maximize how we invest our resources to deliver value for customers. And I think to get to where we need to and execute effectively and minimize risk, we had to functionalize the company. I think we'll have the teamwork and the collaboration that it takes to keep the focus on small businesses and consumers. But that's part of why the whole structure is built around collaboration and teamwork. And time will tell if that was the right call. But I'm pretty comfortable we'll be able to make that work and be better. See, I think this will be better for consumers because the other changes we're making, even though in theory, if you have a self-contained team, it sounds like you'd be better. We'll see.
Helyn Corcos: Steve, let's go to the line, please, and take a couple of calls there.
Operator: And we'll take our first question from John DiFucci with JPMorgan.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: My question is for Francis. Francis, we've actually heard Symantec talked about integrating products for a few years now, and you've been a big part of that. And to Steve's point earlier, I believe customers are generally pleased with what you've done. So I guess, my question is, what are you going to do incrementally here that you haven't really done to come up with these integrated solutions? Is it more about packaging? Or is there something else going on here?
Francis A. de Souza: Sure, sure. So the difference is, I think, historically, what we've done is taken 1-to-1 integrations. So for example, we took the file system and we integrated it with DLP. And that was sort of a one product integrating with another. We're taking a pretty different approach here, starting with the big customer job that we're trying to solve and then looking at what would it take to solve that problem. And if you look at the 10 offerings that we're looking at, you'll see that each offering is truly a combination of at least half a dozen capabilities that we offer. And so the scale of what we're doing is, frankly, quite different from anything that we've undertaken before. Does that make sense?
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes. So it's more comprehensive solutions. Is that correct?
Francis A. de Souza: That's exactly right, addressing a higher level of need that the customer has.
Stephen M. Bennett: Our customers have been -- John, our -- my view on this, and I met with a bunch of customers that all said the same thing, is that they are forced to spend tens, depending on their size, millions and millions of dollars doing the integration. They get no scale and leverage from doing that. Over time, we should be able to do that for them, and we're in position to be able to do that. But it is much broader and deeper. And that's why we have to stay and make our existing offerings better and better and more competitive. And then we have to integrate them in ways that deliver more value for customers. And so over time, that's the theory of the case. And the good news is we'll have some of these come to the market the next 6 months, and some will take a little bit longer. And there's going to be a lot of heavy lifting to make that work. But I think we'll have -- I think we have a big opportunity if we can get it right. And we don't have to get all 10 of them right. So we don't have to get all 10 of them right. They don't have to be -- we just have to make progress here. Yes? If we get all 10 of them right, John, we'll be a lot faster than 5% growth, trust me.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, great. If I could, just a quick follow-up for James. James, you said you're going to return 50% of free cash flow to investors, and Steve mentioned that several times. Can you remind us how much of your current cash generation is generated domestically? You told us how much of your current cash is domestic. But I know I'm going to get -- we're all going to get -- does that -- does it -- can you do that? And that's what I'm just trying to work out here. How much of your generation is domestic?
James A. Beer: Yes. I'll just say that, obviously, the preponderance of our expenses tend to be in the U.S. And so the proportion of the overall free cash flow that we generate is going to be lesser onshore than it is offshore. And you've seen that as the offshore balances continue to rise very steadily over recent years.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Give us a general range of how much is onshore.
James A. Beer: Well, you've got something in the neighborhood of around 1/3 of the overall equation. But obviously, that's going to vary as time goes by, as the balance of the business changes, both on the revenue side of the equation and on the spending side.
Helyn Corcos: Can we have one more question in the room, please?
Aaron Schwartz - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I had a question -- Aaron Schwartz from Jefferies. I had a question on the product front. You talked about a lot of innovation right now, having that startups and presumably, it's a road you don't want to go down and having to acquire these. If we talk to customers, sometimes the perception is that Symantec is not sort of leading as an innovator. So 1, how do you change that perception? And then 2, if we look at the product roadmap which you talked about, it seems like that first step is a lot of integration of existing products. So maybe that doesn't fall in that innovation bucket. So again, how do you sort of communicate that with product to investors to lead that innovation wave?
Stephen M. Bennett: Yes. I think innovation -- I define the innovation differently. I think we can integrate existing capabilities to solve higher-order customer problems. I think that's innovation. I think it's doing new things or solving existing problems in new ways. So I think a lot of what Francis talked about is solving big customer problems in new ways. To me, that's less of a leap of faith than starting brand-new things. So we'll see. But I think the focus is not on innovation. It's on solving customers' most important problems that we are in position to solve better than anybody else, based on our assets and combining these capabilities. And so I think we've thought big about this, and we thought hard. We've tested. We met with over 50 different customers in the process. And frankly, the feedback we got is, "If you could do this, if you can execute on what you're saying, we think that would be outstanding." So it comes down to focus, functional execution on technology and product development, streamlining the go-to market. But at the end of the day, if we have more compelling offerings that are must-have for customers because they solve that problem better than anybody else, our sales and marketing -- we'll get much more efficiency because the products will help us a lot. So we'll see. That's the best thought we have. And we may do some more R&D. Francis talked about advanced technology. So I think we'll do some of both. But in the next window we're talking about, it's going to be taking what we have, creating some new stuff, working it together. Longer term, we'll see how it evolves. Anybody else?
Helyn Corcos: One last question.
Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Steve, Kash Rangan at Merrill Lynch. I had a question. You've spent the last 6 months working through the plans. I guess you've gone public today. And I guess the harder part of implementing it is communicating with the employees. And how are you going to be managing through what could be short-term disruption? And second for you, James, if I could, by my rough math, maybe I'm off. But I get about 15% upper revenue growth between now and fiscal '17, and that would mean that you have to cut sales and marketing by maybe 1/3, 30%, 35%. It seems like a pretty tight combination there. Just wondering what your thoughts are behind those assumptions.
Stephen M. Bennett: Do you want to go first? Go ahead.
James A. Beer: Well, I mean I wouldn't try to foot the numbers for you precisely. But I mean, as we've discussed this afternoon, I mean, we feel as though we have plenty of opportunity to rethink the way both the sales and the marketing side of our business operate, the system, if you will, that Steve has referred to a couple of times. And so if we execute as we will on the organic revenue growth, that will be the engine for us to be able to drive to those types of expense-to-revenue ratios, while at the same time, we take the right moves to address structural change about both sales and marketing, structural changes that we've talked about in forums like this for some years now. And so I think it's the right time to step up and make these moves. We will -- we have to do it, obviously, very carefully, with very much our customers in the forefront of our minds. But we're very focused -- we -- again, as I said, at the end of my remarks, very focused on how we execute on all of these operational changes. And it's going to drive value for the organization overall. So yes, there are some important goals. They're not straightforward goals, but we very much have a plan to do it.
Stephen M. Bennett: I think the other question is a really thoughtful one about -- and part of the reason I went to every facility in the world with over 400 employees is to talk directly with our frontline employees. And that's where I spent most of the time. In the past, what we were doing, and I mentioned is, is we continued -- when we had reductions -- we did peanut butter reductions, and we eliminated frontline employees, which has left us with a management structure as a company, James shared the data, average spans of 4. I've never seen anything like that in the history of my career. And so there's all sorts of implications to that. But that's why we're taking on this organizational simplification. So I think we're going to have a rigorous process. We're going to go through it in detail with our employees in 0.5 hour. It's going to be hard. It's going to be the hardest thing I've ever done. But we have to do it. We have to do it because the business consequences for our employees, for our customers and our investors are bad if not taking this on. And so rather than having continual death by a thousand cuts, let's just do it right. Let's do it strategically. Let's take our medicine, get through it quickly and with dignity, treat people fair, which we're going to do -- be more than fair. And from this, let's not think about just the pain side, the gain side, how we can make faster decisions. We can promote our best and brightest in the bigger jobs. If you look at what's happened with the staff, we've had a lot of new people that I took -- Fran Rosch is going to run mobile. It's a big new job for him. And most of the people on my staff have bigger, new jobs. So we're going to have bigger, better jobs for fewer people. And I think that's the positive for our best and brightest. But we're going to have a simplified and streamlined structure. And we're going to have to transition to get there. But we'll be way ahead of where we are today after we go through it. Okay, that's it? That's what that means? I thought that meant circle the wagons. Well, thanks for joining us either live or on the web. This is a plan that we're quite confident in but has some execution risk. But we didn't go in -- all-in on the numbers we shared with you. That would not be a prudent thing to do. If we can execute, and we're going to focus hard on execution, this will just be the start of transitioning this company to make it a very, very exciting and much more relevant company in 5 or 10 years from now. Thanks for coming in. We look forward to the quarterly updates as we go forward.

===== 2013 Q2  (2012-10-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Helyn Corcos - Vice President of Investors Relations Stephen M. Bennett - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President James A. Beer - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Brad A. Zelnick - Macquarie Research Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Aaron Schwartz - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Gregory Dunham - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Sitikantha Panigrahi - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Robert P. Breza - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Chaitanya Yaramada - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division James Wesman Richard T. Williams - Cross Research LLC Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Symantec's Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Helyn Corcos, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Helyn Corcos: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our call to discuss our second quarter results for fiscal 2013. With me today are Steve Bennett, Symantec's Chairman, President and CEO; and James Beer, Symantec's Executive Vice President and CFO. In a moment, I will turn the call over to Steve. He will make a few opening remarks, then James will provide quarterly highlights and review our financial results, as well as discuss our guidance and assumptions. This will be followed by a question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay on Symantec's Investor Relations website. A copy of today's press release and supplemental financial information are posted on our website as well. Today's prepared remarks will be posted on the IR site after the call is completed. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that we provide year-over-year constant currency growth rates in our prepared remarks unless otherwise stated. Earnings per share growth rates are provided on an as-reported basis. We use foreign currency rules of thumb in our guidance section for all constant currency year-over-year growth rates. For the September 2012 quarter, the actual weighted average exchange rate was $1.25 per euro and the end-of-period rate was $1.29 per euro, compared to our guided rate of $1.23 per euro. These compared to the September 2011 quarter, where the actual weighted average rate was $1.41 per euro and the end-of-period rate was $1.34 per euro. We've included a summary of actual and currency-adjusted growth rates in our press release tables and in our supplemental information which are available on the IR website. Some of the information discussed on this call, including our projections regarding revenue, operating results, deferred revenue, amortization of acquisition-related intangibles and stock-based compensation for the coming quarter contain forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties can be found in the company's most recent periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Symantec assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. In addition to reporting financial results in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP, Symantec reports non-GAAP financial results. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP results, which can be found in the press release and on the IR website. And now I'll turn it over to our CEO, Mr. Steve Bennett.
Stephen M. Bennett: Thank you, Helyn, and good afternoon, everyone. When a company announces an unplanned CEO change, you never know what to expect because of all the uncertainty that's created. Thanks to the focus and dedication of all Symantec employees, I'm pleased to report that the team stepped up during this transition. While working on our plan to change and improve the company for our customers, employees, partners and shareholders, we executed well in the second quarter, delivering better-than-expected financial results. While the team focused on delivering in the current quarter, we are also working on creating value over a longer term time horizon. Starting with a clean sheet of paper, the team is hard at work developing a strategy and operational plan that will help us deliver even more value for our customers and partners. So we win in the market and improve our financial performance. Our goal is to deliver a strategy and plan that will consistently deliver greater than 5% organic growth and 30% operating margins within the next 2 to 3 years. At this point, we believe we will reach sustained greater than 30% operating margins faster than 5% sustained organic growth. This plan will be one that both the leadership team and the board believe we can deliver against in the short and long term. In the meantime, we are also -- we also continue to evaluate all of our strategic alternatives to create shareholder value and believe we are on track to share our new strategic direction and operational plan in late January of 2013. We are moving to quickly change so we can continue to improve our performance on a global basis. With more than 50% of our revenue coming from outside the U.S., we can no longer operate like a U.S.-based company with global distribution. As you can see from our recent history, our growth rates are higher outside the U.S. Our head of worldwide sales will be leaving the company. To better position us to win globally, we've decided to elevate the geo leadership roles and have them report directly to me. This move expands the scope of our regional leaders, making them ambassadors and general managers of their geographies. While their primary focus will be sales in their geographies, they will also play an expanded Symantec leadership role. We believe this will allow us to accelerate our pace of change and make better and faster decisions so we perform at a higher level on both a global and local basis. I'd like to spend a moment on our guidance for the December quarter. We're pleased that revenue and deferred revenue continue to grow year-over-year and sequentially, especially in this uncertain global economic environment. However, operating margin is lower in the December quarter than either the September or year ago December quarters. This may seem counter to what I told you in September, that we would self-fund investments without reducing operating margin. And that's still my commitment. After our January announcement, we will self-fund this and future investments without reducing operating margin. But we need to make these investments now and not wait until after the January announcement to set the foundation for longer term organic growth. The investments will be allocated to areas like technical support, so we better serve our customers and partners. This is the right thing to do to create long term shareholder value, no matter where we come out on our strategy and operational plan announcement in late January. Over the past 90 days, I met with front-line employees, customers and partners, industry experts and shareholders all around the world. Our customer is saying what you probably already know. They want us and need us to become better and to win, but think we're getting in our own way. We must become more customer and partner solutions focused rather than product-specific. We must move faster to solve their future versus their past problems. And we must become easier to do business with and less fragmented as a company to become a better and stronger partner. I've been positively surprised by the amount of unmet and underserved needs customers have in this challenging and fast-moving security and information management market. And while I still have a lot to learn, I can say with confidence that there are plenty of big opportunities for Symantec. To take advantage of these opportunities, we need to think and act differently, both strategically and operationally in ways that leverage all of our significant assets to better solve our customers' most important problems. And that's what the January announcement will be all about. With that, I'll turn the call over to James for a detailed review of our quarterly results.
James A. Beer: Thank you, Steve, and good afternoon. We posted better-than-expected second quarter results with record September revenue and deferred revenue, as well as strong operating margins and EPS. These results drove our organic constant currency revenue growth to 3% for the September quarter year-over-year. GAAP revenue grew 5% to $1.7 billion, driven by strengthen in our Security and Information Management businesses. Our hosted archiving acquisition of LiveOffice contributed $10 million in revenue, which was better than expected. Our subscription business continues to grow. In constant currency, content, maintenance and subscription revenue grew 7%, while license revenue declined 9%. Subscription revenue, which includes our consumer, authentication, MSS and SaaS offerings grew 10% and accounted for 45% of total revenue as compared to 42% of revenue in the year ago period. Enterprise subscriptions, which exclude our consumer offerings, grew 24% and accounted for 14% of total revenue as compared to 12% of revenue in the year ago period. We recorded a strong quarter in our Consumer business despite the challenges we've seen across the PC industry. The Consumer business grew 3% year-over-year to $528 million and generated its 16th consecutive quarter of growth. These results were driven by up-selling customers to our premium suites at improved pricing and growing our emerging backup, NortonLive Services and mobile businesses. Our Consumer business is ready for the release of Windows 8. In third-party testing, Windows 8 ran 50% faster and 20% safer when paired with our new Norton solutions versus machines running the Windows Defender alternative. PCs with pre-installed Norton trialware will begin shipping with the Windows 8 launch on October 26. Moving on to the Enterprise. The Storage and Server Management segment, which consists of our Information Management and Storage and Availability Management businesses grew 2% and generated revenue of $595 million. Revenue from the Information Management business increased 2% year-over-year, driven by NetBackup and appliances, but offset by weakness in our Backup Exec product. Sales of our backup appliances continued their momentum as we expanded our footprint across more geographies. Customers continue to be attracted to our integrated backup and deduplication offering, which is proving to be an easier to deploy solution with a lower total cost of ownership. We are also seeing good traction building for our Backup Exec Appliance which was just launched last quarter. We continue to work through our Backup Exec software challenges. We are focusing on restoring some of the functions and performance characteristics that were available with the older versions of the product. We are making progress, but there is more work to do. Revenue in our Storage and Availability Management business increased 1% year-over-year as we see customers continuing to deploy more mission-critical applications on Linux and virtualized infrastructures. Headwinds from the decline in our customers' usage of the Solaris platform are being offset by increased penetration in both the Linux and Windows platforms. This business continues to be highly profitable, generating strong cash flow for the company. The Security and Compliance segment grew 9% year-over-year and generated revenue of $512 million, driven by double-digit growth in all of our emerging security businesses, and our continued leadership in Endpoint Protection. In particular, SEP 12 continued its success in the large Enterprise segment. This was particularly true in the Europe, Middle East, Africa region, where we won several competitive tenders with large governments and corporations. Data Loss Prevention was one of our security businesses that recorded double-digit growth. EMEA and Asia Pacific/Japan, both geographies that have traditionally been slower to adopt DLP are now seeing an uptick in demand for our solution, as demonstrated by several large financial services wins. Our Trust Services business continues to perform well, in part because SSL authentication is now being used to protect all interactions with many corporate websites, not just those web pages involving monetary transactions. Our Services business grew 7% year-over-year to $64 million in revenue. Turning now to total company margins. Consistent with the growth we are experiencing in our subscription and appliance businesses, non-GAAP gross margin declined 80 basis points to 84.6%. Given the higher cost of goods sold associated with these businesses, we expect this gross margin trend to continue going forward. Non-GAAP operating margin grew 250 basis points year-over-year to 27.5%. Operating margins were better than expected due to higher revenue and lower spending across the company. Net income of $322 million resulted in fully diluted non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.45. Improved operating leverage from better-than-projected revenue positively impacted EPS by approximately $0.04. Lower-than-forecasted PC OEM fees accounted for $0.01 per share of improvement and tighter spending across the company accounted for approximately $0.02 of benefit to EPS. Continued growth in our subscriptions and maintenance businesses drove deferred revenue growth of 5% year-over-year to total $3.62 billion. We exited the September quarter with $4 billion in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments driven, in part, by the proceeds we received from our $1 billion senior note offering on June 14. As we exited the September quarter, approximately 42% of our cash balance resided in the U.S. which includes the $1 billion in net proceeds from the June debt offering that will be used to retire our $1 billion convertible notes maturing in June of 2013. Excluding this $1 billion, approximately 23% of our cash balance resides in the U.S. We continued repurchasing our shares during the quarter, spending $200 million of our domestic cash to repurchase 12.1 million shares at an average price of $16.48. Symantec has $483 million remaining in the current board authorized stock repurchase plan. Cash flow from operating activities was lower year-over-year, driven by higher tax and severance payments, as well as lower previous quarter billings which, in turn, impacted September quarter cash collections. Foreign currency movements also negatively impacted operating cash flow by $18 million year-over-year. Cash flow from operating activities for the September quarter totaled $178 million. Now I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing our guidance for the December 2012 quarter. We expect GAAP revenue for the December 2012 quarter to be in the range of $1.72 billion to $1.75 billion, flat to up 2% on an as-reported basis, and up 1% to 3% in constant currency. Approximately 73% or $1.27 billion of our December quarter revenue is estimated to come from the balance sheet. GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be between $0.17 and $0.19 as compared to $0.32 in the year ago period. Non-GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be between $0.36 and $0.38 as compared to $0.42 in the year ago period. EPS is projected to be lower due to our decision to spend more in the coming quarter in areas that will better serve our customers' needs. In addition, on a year-over-year basis, our interest expense is higher by approximately $0.01 due to our recent debt offering, and we're expecting another $0.02 impact driven by a higher tax rate, foreign exchange movements, and the liquidation of certain accounting entities as we work to further simplify our operating structure. GAAP deferred revenue is estimated to be between $3.765 billion and $3.825 billion, up 3% to 4% on both an as-reported and constant-currency basis. Our guidance assumes an exchange rate of $1.30 per euro versus the weighted average rate of $1.35 and the end-of-period rate of $1.30 per euro in the December 2011 quarter. Our $1.30 per euro assumption reflects a decrease of 4% from our weighted average rate in the year ago period. Our guidance assumes an effective tax rate of 28.5% and a common stock equivalents total for the quarter of approximately 700 million shares. And now I'll turn it over to Helyn so that we can start taking some of your questions.
Helyn Corcos: Thank you. Operator, will you please begin polling for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Helyn Corcos: While the operator is polling for questions, I'd like to update you on our upcoming conference events. We will be presenting at the NASDAQ Investor Program on December 5 in London. Lastly, we'll be reporting our fiscal second quarter results on January 23, 2013. For a complete list of all of our investor-related events, please visit the Events section of the IR website. Operator, we're ready for our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll move first to Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Steve, impressive operating margin during the quarter. I guess I had a couple of questions. One is just from your perspective, where are you still seeing the biggest opportunities to help drive operating margin, you saw good margin improvement? And then secondarily, maybe James, if you can just comment on your comment to spend more in Q3 to serve customers' needs? I guess if you could just help us understand that comment a little more and drilling into that, that would be helpful.
Stephen M. Bennett: Brent, I think that -- this is Steve. I think I basically had very little to do with the performance of the organization in this last quarter. I give the credit just to the volume, the profitability that came from the volume leverage that came in very stronger than frankly we expected. I think that the big area of opportunity, and we'll talk more about this in January, is we have an inordinate amount of complexity in this company. Complexity and redundancy as we've basically grown through acquisition that we didn't integrate and assimilate and has made us unwieldy in terms of complexity, as I've said, and extra costs. And we're not leveraging our size and scale. So I think we'll talk about that more in January, and I want to answer the second question too, because I made the decision that we needed to invest more money to put out -- to deal with some legitimate and real customer issues and challenges we have supporting our customers. We have been reducing costs in areas that were hurting our position with customers, and I decided to turn that around. And no matter where we come out in January, these are strategy-independent decisions to do a better job of serving our existing customers and start earning some of the goodwill back that we've been eroding over the last period of time. And so I will more than fund for this investment after -- as a result of things we're going to announce in January. So that was my decision to stem the bleeding, frankly, in terms of how we were delivering. A big part of it is technical support because we can't grow if we don't have -- if we don't do a better job supporting our existing customers with our existing products. And so that's what the big investment is, and it's the right thing for our company to do.
Operator: Next, we'll move to Brad Zelnick with Macquarie Capital.
Brad A. Zelnick - Macquarie Research: Steve, as I listened to James' comments around the Storage and Availability business, it sounds like it's stabilizing. It's relevant to modern computing architecture, like Linux in virtual environments. It generates a lot of cash and maybe isn't as nonstrategic as some might think. Is there anything you've learned over the past 3 months that impacts your thinking as to whether or not this business is essential to Symantec's future?
Stephen M. Bennett: I think I'll tell you more about this, but I think the thing I would share at this point is -- I'm building on your thoughtful comment is that -- we have some of our best IP in the company and most talented resources in this heavily engineered product that we clearly have to diversify or focus resources on solving different customer problems, that in the long term, if we just played business as usual and defined the product as it was, it would be a declining asset. And unfortunately, we've been actually managing it, in my opinion, as a declining asset. So we're thinking now about what would happen if we managed it is an asset that could really help solve important customer problems and focused on it as resources to help us drive accelerated growth, solving new customer problems. Now while I say that, I mean, we've been selling SAMG with a generalist sales force which, I think, may not be the accurate go-to-market strategy given that this is a million-dollar-plus architecture-driven decision. So I think we could execute a lot better, and why I say that, we're still looking at all of the strategic options. But we've never played, in the last few years, our A game in this business using this as, as not necessarily a product, but as a set of assets that we could deploy to solve important customer problems and grow faster. So we're going to compare that strategy against the strategy of inorganic options and see how that fits. So hopefully, that sheds some light on my latest thinking which is in line with your question.
Brad A. Zelnick - Macquarie Research: It does, Steve. And if I can ask a quick follow-up for James. James, on the Consumer business, can you maybe comment a little more about unit versus ASP growth? And specifically, was there a price increase in Norton this quarter and just maybe -- just the general pricing strategy relative to what it's been in the past?
James A. Beer: Well, on the NIS and 360 side, we increased renewal pricing about 10 months ago now and added $10 to that. So yes, we have seen some ASP lift as a result of that. We've also seen a nice continuing growth in the emerging Consumer businesses that we have, both the service live help and the backup type businesses as well as mobile. So we're pleased with the overall result from Consumer this quarter.
Operator: Next, we'll move on to Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Steve, I wonder if you can talk about the SAMG business. It sounds like the headwinds there abated a bit this quarter. I'm wondering if that's a trend that you see sustaining or if that was more of a blip that you're seeing here in the short term?
Stephen M. Bennett: Walter, I think the -- number one, I still have a lot more to learn. But I think we're still considering all of our alternatives. But I want to conserve -- compare our A game in playing and what would he do to maximize the value of these technologies as opposed to harvest this business. And so I think that's the process we're going through in our strategic review and then we'll share more in January in terms of where we come out. But we're right in the middle of the process. James has some thoughts he wanted to add too.
James A. Beer: So this quarter's result, I think it's illustrative of the traction that we're getting around our high-availability product sets in Linux environments, particularly in virtualized environments. And that's a theme that I would expect to continue to build over time.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then just around the investment you mentioned at the end [ph] of the quarter, you mentioned tech support, are there any other examples? It does seem like a relatively large investment and maybe something that's hard to do just very short term. But what other types of investments beyond that tech support are you contemplating?
Stephen M. Bennett: I think the primary one is making investments and better serving our customers and partners. And then there's some -- as James talked about, a few cents a share and year-over-year compares where we have tougher compares. And so the investments, I think, are significant enough to mention and the right thing to do. But I wouldn't focus too much on the investment versus the year-over-year compare. And as I said, the big message on this is, we're going to self-fund this investment and future organic investments without any compression in margin.
Operator: We'll move next to Aaron Schwartz with Jefferies.
Aaron Schwartz - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just a follow-up question on the Consumer business. Steve, I don't know if you have a view yet, but as you think about transitioning this to mobile over time, do you have any sort of thoughts on routes to market and whether the business is sort of constrained in targeting that growth opportunity? Or any initial thoughts on that would be terrific.
Stephen M. Bennett: Well, number one, I think Janice and the team have done a really nice job. I mean, when I came or as a board member I heard and read all the things about, this iceberg is going to melt and for 16-plus quarters in a row, the iceberg has actually been growing. So I think that's a tribute to Janice and her team and how well that team has performed against all these headwinds, even in a shrinking PC market as the world has gone to -- more and more to tablets. So a tribute to her. At the same time, I think our company has put constraints on Janice and her team solving for a margin percent that has hindered our ability to invest in and grow and solve new and exciting customer problems. I think we started to change that philosophy, and I think Janice and her team now are thinking about new customer problems we could solve to grow the iceberg even bigger and faster. I would tell you, and I've talked to Janice about it, I think we spent too much money in our legacy business and not enough money on new things. So I think we expect the iceberg to continue to grow from investing in new things, and I think if we do this right, and I believe we will, we'll self-fund that. And over the long period, I think margins will go up in Consumer too.
Operator: We'll move on to Adam Holt with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: This is actually Keith Weiss sitting in for Adam Holt. Digging into the investments into -- or perhaps digging into how you're able to hold down expenses this quarter versus the investments you're making last quarter, how should we think about that from a headcount perspective? I mean, to me it looks like OpEx was basically flat from the June to the September quarter. Were there any headcount reductions in there? And vice versa, for the rather large uptick in OpEx we were looking for in December, what type of headcount increases will we see behind that?
Stephen M. Bennett: I think the simple -- this is Steve. I think the simple answer is, my management team and I know we're going through a transition period until we announce a new strategy and operational plan targeted on 5% sustained organic growth and 30% margins. Our company is too complex. We have lots of opportunity for streamlining. And I think the discussion we've had, number one, is we've had no risks [ph] , and there's been no reductions in force of any size to make these numbers. What we're doing is we're being prudent about what we're investing in, in anticipation of the January announcement. And I think this has just been kind of a smart way to approach the transition between the time I started and what we announced in January. So there's been no master plan other than be thoughtful about the decisions we make every day.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. And then perhaps as a follow-up, in changing the very top of the sales organization, of getting rid of the worldwide head of sales and having the geo leaders report up to yourself, are there any other changes that go further down in the organization or is that it? It was just really right at the top?
Stephen M. Bennett: I think the news -- there's a couple of other things that are related to that, but I don't think they're material to investors at this point of time. And I think the thing I would say is, I'm quite excited now to take a layer out, have the geo leaders work directly for me so we can move to more quickly to be a more global company versus a U.S. company that ships stuff around the world with global distribution. And I also think, with the geo leaders and a couple sales leaders in the U.S. working directly for me, we'll be able to drive change much faster and help us improve our execution and do a better job for our customers. So I think this is really about those 2 things. So I'm excited to see how the new team steps up and delivers, and I think they've got a great opportunity.
Operator: And we'll move next to Greg Dunham with Goldman Sachs.
Gregory Dunham - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A question on cash flow as you look forward. I know there was some temporary stuff in the September quarter, but when you look at it on the first half of the year basis, it's still down significantly. How should we think about normalized cash flow over the past 6 months and how should we think about cash flow compared to kind of the net income profile as you look forward in the back half of the year?
James A. Beer: I think what you can expect from our cash flow growth over time is that it's going to line up approximately with operating profit growth. I think obviously, in any one quarter, you're going to have various ins and outs that are going to drive dislocations, if you will, on a year-over-year basis. But I think that the way to really model this is cash flow growth in line with operating profit growth.
Stephen M. Bennett: I think our quality of earnings is very consistent and high-quality. So we should -- over a longer period, an annual basis, we should see pretty strong alignment.
Operator: We'll take Phil Winslow with Crdit Suisse.
Sitikantha Panigrahi - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: This is Siti for Phil Winslow. Steve, you mentioned how you now have a geo-based sales force reporting in to you. Could you comment on what your view of the structure of the sales force is beyond that, particularly in terms of product specific specialization in addition to geo-specific management?
Stephen M. Bennett: Well, I think it's a really good question that I'll answer in January. I think that we are in the process, as we've talked about, of looking at our -- relooking at our entire product and market strategy, as well as our go-to-market strategy. And I think you should expect a reasonable good degree of change in the January announcement from what we've traditionally done. I think this announcement that was made today is a strategy-independent announcement that is the right thing to do now, no matter what the strategy is. And so stay tuned for more. And I think this change today will help us move faster in the direction that we want to go when we declare that direction in January. So stay tuned for more details on what's coming because this really is the news today. But there's more news coming in January.
Operator: And we'll move to Ed Maguire with CLSA.
Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you could just comment on the overall -- your expectations around how Windows 8 may impact the overall Consumer business, how your placements are in terms of OEM relationships and what the dynamics are in terms of your -- sort of the broader competitive landscape in the Consumer?
James A. Beer: The first thing I'd point out is how our Consumer business growth is being in significant part driven by the new businesses around mobile, live services and backup. So the traditional linkage between PC shipments and Consumer business growth at Symantec has clearly broken down over the years. So that's how we have been able to sustain very consistent Consumer growth now over several years. So I think that's really important to focus on. That said, as I had in my prepared remarks, our products are absolutely ready for the Windows 8 environment. We feel as though Windows 8 is clearly going to run better, run safer with our software versus the Defender software. So we like where things stand.
Operator: Next, we'll take John DiFucci with JPMorgan.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: My question is on the Americas. When you look at your regions, the Americas was the weakest region in regards to growth on a constant-currency basis. And it really doesn't look like it was a very difficult comp. Can you talk a little bit about that? Obviously, we have issues in other parts of the world. I mean, the macro economy isn't great anywhere, but it was just kind of surprising to see the Americas the weakest.
James A. Beer: This is a quarter where obviously the federal government year-end falls. So there was relative versus other years, some softness there in the Federal business. But we'll continue to be competitive across the product set. I was really pleased with the NetBackup performance, for example, and the performance of the security business, overall. The information security businesses, in particular, showed very nice growth, and that was the case across the world. So yes, Americas, less growth overall, but we were pleased with the totality of the picture.
Stephen M. Bennett: John, this is Steve. I guess I'd be less sanguine on this than James. I actually don't think we've been performing as well in the Americas as we have in other parts of the world, and I'm expecting that the team will be more focused and execute better going forward. I hope that's right, but we'll see. And as I said, I think as we move toward January, we'll have more news, and I think things that will help make sure that we're growing the Americas in a way that's consistent with the rest of the world. We can do better in the Americas, and we're working on learning what the root cause of this underperformance on a relative basis is. And we'll deal with it as we go forward. But don't know the answers yet, but it's unacceptable performance to me.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Great. Steve, so that -- I don't want to -- I just want to make sure. So it sounds like you think it's more something that you have to fix internally versus -- because we cover a lot of other companies too, I guess I was wondering if we were going to start to see weakness, more weakness from the Americas, but it sounds like you think it's probably something internal right now.
Stephen M. Bennett: I think the majority of our shortfall here relative to other parts of the world is an opportunity for us to be better.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And if I might, just a quick follow-up for James on the guidance, the bottom line implies margin compression next quarter. And I apologize if I missed it, but what's the reason for that? I mean, you actually had some big outperformance this quarter, which is nice to see.
James A. Beer: So a couple of themes. First, where we're going to spend some money, where we feel as though -- in completely strategy-independent fashion, we need to deal with some issues that will allow us to do a better job with customers. So that's one item. And the second item really is a variety of nonoperating headwinds year-over-year: tax rate, foreign exchange, interest income -- interest expense, excuse me, so forth. So it's those 2 themes.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So it sounds like it's probably the first one since you're building the business or making some corrections.
Stephen M. Bennett: No. Yes, John, this is my decision. We have been reducing costs and reducing service levels by lack of investment in delivering good customer experience for too many of our customers, and that's unacceptable to me. And I need to put my money where my mouth is because the idea of driving sustained organic growth where you have situations where we're not supporting existing customers in a fashion that I'm comfortable with is unacceptable to me. And that's why I said, "Look, if you define margin expansion in a quarter, I'm guilty here potentially or flat, but I will fund this investment and everything else with the announcement that we make in January." And I just don't want to wait until January to make the investment to do right by our customers now.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Well, that all makes sense.
James A. Beer: And I should add that the second theme that I mentioned to you, the nonoperating, that's worth $0.03 year-over-year.
Operator: We'll take Robert Breza with RBC Capital Markets.
Robert P. Breza - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Maybe James, just doubling back on the Consumer stuff, can you give us an idea of how many of the legacy customers or the non-mobile customers have moved or upgraded to the premium suites?
James A. Beer: Well, when you look at our 3 primary products for PC security, Norton 360 and Norton Internet Security are almost identical in size now. Norton 360 a little bit larger. But both of those businesses are more than 4x the size of Norton AntiVirus. So that gives you a feel for how we have successfully up-sold our customers, and we believe particularly armed with our eCommerce engine and the analytics that come with that, that we are well-positioned to continue that path.
Operator: We'll take Steve Ashley with Robert Baird.
Chaitanya Yaramada - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: This is Chaitanya Yaramada for Steve Ashley. License growth decelerated a little bit from last quarter and given Storage Management and DLP executed well, it seems like the Backup Exec business continues to be challenged. Could you just provide an update on how you're tracking and fixing the execution issues you saw last quarter? You said it'll take 2 to 3 quarters to fix, and what we can expect for license growth going forward?
James A. Beer: Yes, you're quite right. The Backup Exec is the driver of that license decline year-over-year. And we have continued to work on the products, put out multiple service packs since we were last speaking with each other 3 quarter -- 3 months ago. We do believe that these are self-inflicted wounds, if you will, and we acknowledge that, and we're working really hard to fix the situation. One of the other things that we're doing is very much reaching out to key customers and partners and bringing them into our design process to help us really get it right.
Chaitanya Yaramada - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then just your expectations for going forward?
James A. Beer: Well, I think, I alluded in my remarks, so there's still much work to do. So I would not expect the Backup Exec license performance to turn around in the next quarter or 2. And I think we've got plenty of work to do, but we're very focused on this, it's a very important product in the portfolio.
Stephen M. Bennett: And let me just add to James' thoughtful comments, is that we've changed basically the whole team responsible for this product. So this is unacceptable performance to me, and we're digging out of a hole. We've got some of our best talent in this business now focused on turning this around as fast as we can. This is a business that's going to get back to growth. We're going as fast as we can. The better we do, the faster we'll move. But I'm actually very confident that this business will turn around based on the leadership and talent we've put to fix this problem.
Chaitanya Yaramada - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Great. And just a quick follow-up, if I may. We saw a nice rebound in the deals that include both security and storage for $1 million deals, but we saw the $300,000 deals cross-selling continue to decline. Any color on the discrepancy there and what's helping the $1 million deals?
James A. Beer: In terms of the $300,000 deal stat, I wouldn't read too much into a single data point. We continue to grow the number of the $1 million-plus deals in totality. And as you rightly point out, for those $1 million-plus deals that involve both security and storage, we're seeing nice growth in overall dollars. And so I think this is just a reflection of the continued relevance of our overall portfolio, and our efforts to continue cross-selling and up-selling. And we think that there is a lot of runway in front of us. A lot of opportunity to continue to do that, and that will be one of the things we'll be focusing on.
Operator: And we have Michael Turits with Raymond James.
James Wesman: It's James Wesman sitting in for Michael. James, just a quick question. What was your LiveOffice contribution guide for the next quarter?
James A. Beer: Well, we've now reached the point where we've lapped that acquisition, so we won't be offering projections of revenue for coming quarters.
Stephen M. Bennett: So it's organic growth now versus [indiscernible] ...
James A. Beer: Yes, in essence, organic. But I was pleased with that last quarter result. We had guided to $7 million to $8 million of revenue, you may recall, and we recorded $10 million. So we were pleased. It's illustrative of the momentum that we have in the Cloud archiving area.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll move to Richard Williams with Cross Research.
Richard T. Williams - Cross Research LLC: Could you give some geographic color in terms of business opportunities both on storage side and on security?
James A. Beer: Well, geographically, just taking a look back at the Q2, I think EMEA really put out a very nice performance, and they did particularly well in the security arena. I would call that out. Within Europe, we had strong performance in the U.K., in Germany and in our emerging regions of the EMEA geography. So very good to see that growth rate, and we continue to think we've got a lot of opportunities in front of us there. And in Asia, where we again recorded a nice constant-currency high single-digit growth rate. So nothing I would particularly offer as to a forward-looking geo split, but we're confident that the international business is going to grow nicely in the coming quarters.
Stephen M. Bennett: And I would add that I think this change in structure in having the geo leaders for the Enterprise businesses work directly for me is going to have more voice at the table now as we make decisions so that we will -- as I said, this is a big change in my view in a positive sense for both our customers that are not in North America and for our employees and for our channel partners. I think they will have more voice at the table to make sure we're integrating non-U.S. voices into our product roadmaps and our strategy. And so I would expect our growth outside the U.S. to accelerate because they've got a full seat at the table now, and that's one of the reasons why we delayered the organization and are now -- because so they can help us make sure we're doing the right thing for their geographies.
Richard T. Williams - Cross Research LLC: Could you also comment on which products are selling well at the moment and which ones other than Backup Exec that you're focusing efforts to remediate?
James A. Beer: Well, on the storage side, NetBackup is growing very nicely across the world, and that's in part because of the growth of our appliances business. Something I mentioned in my prepared remarks. And then on the security side of the business, the information security, growth businesses, things like DLP, Managed Security Services, authentication, they all had very nice performance. So that's a little bit of an overview as to how things are looking.
Operator: Next, we have Shaul Eyal with Oppenheimer & Co.
Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Steve, James, you guys had a strong showing in the Enterprise segment, as well as kind of Consumer. But specifically on the Enterprise side, should we be starting to think about Symantec going forward as a share gainer in this market? Without a doubt [ph] that wasn't the deal over the past couple of years.
Stephen M. Bennett: I think it's too early for me to answer that question. I think that you'll learn more about our strategy for that in the January announcement. I think that would be a big change from what we performed in the last few years. And so I would say that my focus at this point, as I said at the Citi Conference in New York is, 5% sustained organic revenue growth. Depending on how you define the markets, that's probably still share loss. But in the next 2 to 3 years, if we can deliver a plan and execute against a plan to deliver 5% or more organic growth, that would be a big positive statement. But that wouldn't be ultimately my end goal. So I think let's stay tuned for the details on that. I mean, you ultimately will have to be the ones to decide whether we'll become a share gainer or not. My short-term metric defined is 2 to 3 years is 5% sustained organic growth.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Stephen M. Bennett: Operator, if there's no more questions, that's fine. We want to take any questions anybody has, but if there's no more questions, we can -- Helyn can wrap up.
Operator: It appears there's no more questions in our queue at this time. That does conclude our question-and-answer session at this time. I'll turn it back over to our speakers for any final or additional comments.
Stephen M. Bennett: Look, I think, everybody, I said, I'd turn it over to Helyn, but let me just give you a few thoughts. It goes back to my script. I'm actually thrilled with how this team performed in this transition. It performed better than I thought. I think I am the one that made these hard decisions to sacrifice short-term profitability to invest in doing the right thing for the long term. I know that's the right thing for our company. I know it will yield benefits long term. And you got my commitment that I will fund that through the things I'm going to announce in January. So you understand based on my track record how sensitive I am to margin expansion and margin rate improvement, I just needed to make this decision now to keep our customer service at a level that I'll be proud of, as opposed to embarrassed about. And that's one of the advantages when you travel around the world and talk to your employees and customers. You don't grow if you're not delivering for customers, and we have not been doing as good a job as we needed to do, and that's why I'm spending more money here. Strategy independent, which I will fund through the January announcement. So that's my big message. I could have taken the short term and delivered more EPS. That would not have been the right thing to do to create long-term value. And so that's why we made the decision that we made. I think that's a decision that would not have been made in the past, but I know it's the right decision. So thanks for all your support, and I look forward to a much more robust decision or discussion in January after we announce both our new strategy and operating plan. Appreciate your support. Thank you.
Operator: Everyone, that does conclude our conference call for today. Thank you, all, for your participation.

===== 2013 Q1  (2012-07-25 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Helyn Corcos - Vice President of Investors Relations Stephen M. Bennett - Chairman and Member of Compensation Committee James A. Beer - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Enrique T. Salem - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Brad A. Zelnick - Macquarie Research John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Adam H. Holt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital, Research Division Aaron Schwartz - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Robert P. Breza - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Daniel T. Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Symantec's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Helyn Corcos, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Helyn Corcos: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining our call to discuss our first quarter results for fiscal 2013. With me today are Steve Bennett, Symantec's newly appointed Chairman, President and CEO; and James Beer, Symantec's Executive Vice President and CFO. In a moment, I will turn the call over to Steve. He will make a few opening remarks, then James will provide quarterly highlights and review our financial results as well as guidance assumptions as outlined in the press release. This will be followed by a question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay on Symantec's Investor Relations website. A copy of today's press release and supplemental financial information are posted on our website. And a copy of today's prepared remarks will be available shortly after the call is completed. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that we provide year-over-year constant currency growth rates in our prepared remarks unless otherwise stated. Earnings-per-share growth rates are provided on an as-reported basis only. We use our foreign currency rules of thumb in our guidance section for all constant currency year-over-year growth rates. For the June 2012 quarter, the actual weighted average exchange rate was $1.28 per euro and the end-of-period rate was $1.27 per euro, compared to the guided rate of $1.32. For the June '11 quarter, the actual weighted average was $1.44 per euro, and the end-of-period rate was $1.45. We've included a summary of the year-over-year constant currency and actual growth rates in our press release tables and in our supplemental information, which are available on the website. Some of the information discussed on this call, including our projections regarding revenue, operating results, deferred revenue, amortization of acquisition-related intangibles and stock-based compensation for the coming quarter, contain forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the statement. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties can be found in the company's most recent periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Symantec assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. In addition to reporting financial results in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP, Symantec reports non-GAAP financial results. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP results, which can be found in the press release and on our website. And now, I would like to introduce our CEO, Mr. Steve Bennett.
Stephen M. Bennett: Thanks, Helyn, and good morning, everyone. Thanks, really, for joining us at this rescheduled time. We apologize for the last-minute change, but because of the announcement, we felt it was the right thing to do to make this change on short notice. So I'm really glad to be here on our earnings call and my first day on my new job. The decision to replace Enrique was a tough one. It was not based on any particular event or issue but one that the board made after reflection on the ongoing company performance. While progress has been made over the last 3 years in many areas, it was the board's decision that making a change now was in the best interest of all of our stakeholders. Enrique has been a significant contributor during his 19 years at Symantec. Throughout his time, and especially during his last 3 years as CEO, Enrique showed an incredible dedication to customers and strong enthusiasm to pursue new emerging opportunities. I want to recognize and thank him for his considerable commitment and wish him the best in the future. My perspective is while the company has very strong assets, we are underperforming against the opportunities. And I'm very excited about working with our leaders to speed up the pace at which we create value for all of our stakeholders. My first order of business will be to speak with our customers, partners and shareholders, and over the next 90 to 120 days I'm going on a tour to listen, learn and work with the leadership team to figure out the right strategy to leverage all of Symantec resources to accelerate our rate of value creation. Once this tour is completed, I'll share our go-forward strategy to win in the marketplace and how we're going to drive accelerated revenue and profit growth. This is a process I've used before many times in the past. It's been successful, and I look forward to applying this similar playbook at Symantec. With that, I'll turn the call over to James to review the quarterly highlights and financial details.
James A. Beer: Thank you, Steve, and good morning. Let me start by welcoming you, Steve, to the management team, and I look forward to working closely with you to drive value creation at Symantec. Now, let me start with some highlights from the quarter. Our consumer results were driven by ongoing cross-selling and up-selling. The consumer security products continue to demonstrate best-in-class quality, winning over 250 awards in the past 2 years. Though early in their product life cycle, our newest premium suites, Norton One and Norton 360 Everywhere, have received very positive feedback, with Norton One earning the Editor's Choice Award from PC Magazine. We also refreshed and extended our portfolio to target the growing number of Mac users. Norton Online Backup and NortonLive solutions maintained their strong performance and continued to be meaningful contributors to the growth of our business. Our Norton Mobile Security solution maintained its leadership position in the mobile security market as we surpassed Lookout as the top-grossing security app in the Google Play marketplace. While still a nascent market, our products continue to receive top reviews, with Norton Mobile Security earning 4.4 stars in Google Play. We also signed new Norton Mobile Security partnerships with several leading wireless retailers and carriers in all 3 regions. On the enterprise side, our backup, archiving and eDiscovery solutions continue to drive momentum. Our enterprise backup business continues to be driven by customers' desire to minimize complexity and backup challenges without complicating recovery. With 3 Best of VMworld awards, Symantec is the industry leader in VMware and Hyper-V backup. Only Symantec offers a single product capable of providing true individual file recovery, deduplication and policy management across the VMware, Hyper-V and traditional physical servers. Let me spend a moment on an area where we didn't execute to our high standards on a new product launch. While we delivered a much improved user interface For Backup Exec, we excluded specific functionality that customers still required. As such, we have now reinstated this functionality to further simplify the backup process. We expect it will take 2 to 3 quarters to get Backup Exec back on track. Our backup appliance business is gaining significant traction and has been well received by customers and the industry alike. Our 5220 appliance won the Backup and Recovery Award at Microsoft's Best of TechEd 2012 event. In the June quarter, we delivered our first appliance for the midmarket, and we continued to grow our Appliance business by expanding our portfolio into additional geographies. The quality of our endpoint protection product, SEP 12, continues to garner industry acclaim. Third-party research has confirmed that SEP 12 uses less computing power to provide greater protection than competitive offerings. In addition, at the Gartner Security & Risk Management Summit, the quality of SEP was identified as a primary threat to our competitors. Trust Services, our SSL certificate business, had another strong quarter. We continue to differentiate our premium and value SSL brands, driving growth in both market segments. We've also simplified and streamlined our online enrollment process, which will be rolled out to other geographies throughout the year. Our Data Loss Prevention solutions saw strong growth across all of our geographies, including an increased appetite for DLP in Europe. We are winning competitive bids by demonstrating our market-leading capability to protect sensitive information from the desktop to the server. We rolled out DLP for tablets in fiscal 2012 to accommodate the breadth of devices in use and plan to extend support to the iPhone later this year. eDiscovery and cloud-based archiving exceeded our expectations this quarter, as we leveraged the scope and scale of the Symantec sales force. Both products were named leaders in their respective Gartner Magic Quadrants as customers reported that our solutions were easy to buy, implement and use. User authentication continued its strong growth in the first quarter. We continue to gain market share as customers choose our Software-as-a-Service-based authentication solution for its ease of use and best-in-class security. As governments and businesses deliver more online services requiring security, we expect to see continued growth for these services. Leveraging our user authentication technology, our security for the cloud solution, O3, signed its first large enterprise customer and continues to garner significant attention. Enterprises are rapidly shifting their software needs to the cloud, and the security and visibility O3 offers addresses a critical customer need. We made significant progress towards developing the first complete enterprise mobility solution, including device and application management, data protection and full compliance capabilities. While we work towards integrating these best-of-breed capabilities, we continue to receive positive feedback from customers. Moving now to the financial details. We posted better-than-expected first quarter results to each of our key financial metrics for which we guide: revenue, deferred revenue and EPS. GAAP revenue totaled $1.67 billion, an increase of 4% versus the June 2011 period. Our Clearwell and LiveOffice acquisitions together accounted for $24 million of total revenue. Our organic constant currency revenue growth rate for the June quarter was 1% year-over-year. Despite the U.S. dollar strengthening by approximately 11% against the euro year-over-year, our results were better than expected. Total foreign currency movements negatively impacted revenue growth by 3 percentage points, driving a reported revenue growth rate of 1%. Our subscription business continues to grow. In constant currency, our license revenue declined 6%, while content and maintenance revenue grew 2%. Subscription revenue, which includes our consumer, authentication, MSS and Software-as-a-Service offerings, grew 10% and accounted for 44% of total revenue compared to 42% of revenue in the year-ago period. Enterprise subscriptions, which exclude our consumer offerings, grew 24% and accounted for 14% of total revenue as compared to 12% of revenue in the year-ago period. The Consumer business generated revenue of $521 million, up 2% year-over-year, driven by upselling customers to our premium suites and growing our emerging businesses, such as Online Backup, NortonLive Services and our mobile applications. The Storage and Server Management segment generated revenue of $584 million, an increase of 1% as compared to the June 2011 quarter, driven by continued growth in our backup and archiving business. Revenue from the Information Management business, which includes our backup archiving and eDiscovery offerings, increased 6% year-over-year, driven by our appliances, cloud-based archiving and eDiscovery solutions. Revenue from the storage and availability management business declined 8% year-over-year. This business continues to be highly profitable and generates strong cash flow for the company. The Security and Compliance segment generated revenue of $501 million, up 10% year-over-year, as our endpoint protection business continues to gain market share with enterprise customers. Our authentication services and data loss prevention solutions continued to post double-digit growth. This is the first quarter of year-over-year growth for our Services business since we transitioned our consulting services to specialized partners. Our Services business generated revenue of $62 million, up 1% year-over-year. Turning now to total company margins. Consistent with the growth we are experiencing in our subscription and appliance businesses, non-GAAP gross margin declined 140 basis points to 84.3%, as higher costs are associated with these businesses, a trend we expect to continue going forward. Non-GAAP operating margin was 26.1%, down 60 basis points compared to the June 2011 quarter. Operating margins were better than we expected in the June quarter due to lower-than-expected OEM fees which accounted for approximately $0.01 of benefit to EPS. In addition, ongoing cost controls decreased expenses as we continued to tightly manage our expense structure. Improved operating leverage from better-than-expected revenue positively impacted EPS by approximately $0.02. Net income of $309 million resulted in fully diluted non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.43. Continued growth in subscriptions and maintenance contributed to deferred revenue growth of 5% year-over-year to total $3.75 billion. We exited the June quarter with $4.1 billion in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, which was an increase of 79% year-over-year, driven primarily by the proceeds we received from our $1 billion senior note offering on June 14 and the sale of our 49% stake in the Huawei-Symantec joint venture. As we exited the June quarter, approximately 47% of our cash balance resided in the U.S., which includes the $1 billion in net proceeds from our June debt offering that will be used to retire our $1 billion convertible notes maturing in June of 2013. Excluding this $1 billion, approximately 30% of our cash balance resides in the U.S. We continued repurchasing our shares during the quarter, spending $301 million of our domestic cash to repurchase 19 million shares at an average price of $15.59. Foreign currency movements negatively impacted operating cash flow by $12 million year-over-year. Cash flow from operating activities for the June quarter totaled $340 million. Now I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing our guidance for the September 2012 quarter. Given the recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies, we expect GAAP revenue for the September 2012 quarter to be in the range of $1.635 billion to $1.665 billion dollars. We expect year-over-year revenue to be down 1% to 3% on an as-reported basis and up 1% to 3% in constant currency. Approximately 76% or $1.25 billion of our September quarter revenue is estimated to come from the balance sheet. LiveOffice is expected to contribute between $7 million and $8 million to our September quarter revenue. As a result of raising $1 billion in senior notes during June, our interest expense for the next 4 quarters will be higher by $8 million per quarter. This will decrease EPS by $0.008 per quarter for a total of approximately $0.03 of dilution through June of 2013. GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be between $0.15 and $0.19 as compared to $0.24 in the year-ago period. Non-GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be between $0.35 and $0.39, down 10% to flat on an as-reported basis. GAAP deferred revenue is estimated to be between $3.49 billion and $3.55 billion. We are expecting deferred revenue to be up 1% to 3% on an as-reported basis and up 3% to 4% in constant currency. I'd like to remind everyone that the September quarter typically produces the lowest quarterly operating cash flow of each year. Lastly, our guidance assumes an exchange rate of $1.23 per euro versus the weighted average rate of $1.41 and the end-of-period rate of $1.34 per euro in the September 2011 quarter. Our $1.23 per euro assumption reflects a decrease of 13% from our weighted average rate in the year-ago period and a decrease of 4% sequentially. Our guidance assumes an effective tax rate of 28.5% and a common stock equivalents total for the quarter of approximately 710 million shares. And now, I'll turn it over to Helyn so that we can start taking some of your questions.
Helyn Corcos: Thank you, James. Operator, will you please begin polling for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Helyn Corcos: While the operator is polling for questions, I'd like to update you on our upcoming conference events. We will be presenting at the Citi Technology Conference on September 5 in New York City, and we'll be reporting our fiscal second quarter results on October 24. For a complete list of all of our investor-related events, please visit our Investors section of the Investor Relations website. Operator, we're ready to take our first question.
Operator: And our first question will come from Brad Zelnick with Macquarie.
Brad A. Zelnick - Macquarie Research: Steve, I appreciate the need to do some initial fact-finding over the next several months and go out and do the tour that you spoke of, but are there any observations as Chairman that you can share and any obvious changes that could be made to drive shareholder value?
Stephen M. Bennett: Brad, I think the answer is -- I debated whether to put this in the script or not. In the employee communication, what we're saying is a two-prong approach. While we spend 90 to 120 days working through to make sure that we have the right strategy to lead the security market in the future, to win in the mobile-connected virtual world like we won in the desktop PC world, we're also going to be making -- we're going to learn a lot of things in that process that we'll make action-oriented decisions as soon as we run into. I don't know exactly what those are. I don't come in to the job with some clarity on that, but rest assured that I want to make a difference quickly in Symantec and help energize the place and make the kind of decisions that are going to help us accelerate value creation. So it's a two-prong approach. While we're working on the strategy, we will also be making shorter-term decisions. But I can't give you any clarity around what those will be today.
Brad A. Zelnick - Macquarie Research: And just a follow-up for James. James, if I look at -- you mentioned in your prepared remarks that cross-selling was strong in the quarter, but if I look at the percentage of deals with both storage and security, it seems to be at an all-time low. Is there something about the coordination of the sales effort that might've changed, and do you still believe that Symantec has the right offering to be successful in the market in terms of going to market with both halves of the offering?
James A. Beer: Yes, Brad, I think our sales force absolutely continues to make more progress in terms of the cross-selling effort. I think what we're seeing in the marketplace right now is more, smaller transactions, customers really looking to purchase what they need for their immediate term rather than some of the broader transactions that we've seen in prior quarters. So I think that's just a reflection of the macro environment.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John DiFucci with JPMorgan.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First question is for Steve. Steve, I appreciate that it's probably too early to say exactly what you're going to do, but one of the things whenever we see a change at the helm like this, there's always a high probability or high risk for disruptions in the business. And I guess, just a question, what you're going to do to try to offset that, at least over the next couple of quarters?
Stephen M. Bennett: Well, I think the advantage I have coming in from the Chairman role is I've been working and getting to know the management team over the last couple of years. And there's a lot of really positive things going on here. I'm quite excited about some of the new product launches that we've just launched. So I think it's too early to speculate, because I think it's -- there's going to be a lot of subtle things that have to change and evolve. This is an evolution, not a revolution. And so maybe I'll learn some things that as we go forward that we'll have to change, but I don't sense a big amount of disruption. I think we have a very strong leadership team. I compare this to what I saw when I came to Intuit in 2000, and I actually think Symantec has a lot of capabilities in place that we had to build at Intuit. So I don't see a lot of disruption, but we'll see and deal with that.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And if I might change, I guess just a question on guidance. It looks pretty modest here, and probably appropriately. But does that have something to do with some of the change here? And I guess, what's behind us? Is it more about it's pretty much flattish revenue, and, I guess, kind of constant currency up 1% to 3%. But is there increased concerns about the economy? Are there -- it looks like Europe actually was up on a constant-currency basis or EMEA, which is interesting. I guess can you comment about that, about the macro environment and how that may be affecting guidance?
James A. Beer: Obviously, as we go through our usual guidance process, we think about the macro environment, the customer environment, so forth and we feel as though we've appropriately taken that into account in both the absolute guidance and the way in which we guide. You, I'm sure, have noticed we've broadened out our ranges, for example. We've also acknowledged that foreign exchange is a material headwind here, both year-over-year and sequentially as well by the looks of things. So I think those are important factors to really focus on as you think through the guide that we've offered this morning.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: James, just a follow-up on Brad's question on the multiproduct transactions. It does look like independent of size, both of those metrics, the 300 and under and the $1 million and over, took a pretty dramatic downtick. And, I mean, was that a factor of Backup Exec in the quarter? Just trying to maybe put a finer point on what drove that, because it was fairly steady, and those metrics did both take a tick-down.
James A. Beer: I think it's also fair to say that year-over-year, the June quarter was a tough compare for us on these large deal statistics. We had some quite robust statistics this time a year ago. And so Backup Exec, as we've acknowledged in our commentary that we have challenges there. And so yes, that's a component of it. But again, I see a clear shift towards people buying more so for their immediate needs rather than making longer-term commitments, necessarily, at this point in time. And I don't think that's surprising, given where we are in the overall environment.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then just a question on Europe. I guess maybe also for you, James. It looks like your performance was pretty good, especially in light of what's going on over there, and was just wondering if you could put a little bit finer point on either country commentary or some regional commentary around what you saw in the different geographies and if it varied between consumer and enterprise and so forth.
James A. Beer: Yes, we were very pleased with the continued performance of the U.K. and also in our emerging EMEA regions. So Middle East, parts of Africa, parts of Eastern Europe. Not surprisingly, Southern Europe was much tougher for us, and I was pleased by what we saw, both on the consumer and enterprise side of the house.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Holt with Morgan Stanley.
Adam H. Holt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Steve, welcome back into the game. I guess my first question is for you. Obviously, you've answered the operational questions, but can you just refresh us on your philosophy around capital distribution and capital structure?
Stephen M. Bennett: I think that it's emerged over time. I think that at the end of the day, and we've had this discussion at the board meeting in my previous role, to be clear on our capital allocation philosophy is to first define how much money we need to run the company, kind of a minimum cash threshold. And then above that, I think a lot of companies now that I've been involved in, are evaluating the best way to return excess cash to shareholders. And so that's a discussion that we're having. We don't have any decisions or any change in direction at this point, but that's something. And then I think obviously, we want to look hard at adjusted rate of return on acquisitions that is accretive to our portfolio. I give Enrique and James and team credit for really putting a lot more rigor in the acquisition process at Symantec over the last couple of years, both on the pricing, the negotiations and the integration, and I think the results have been better. So I think that we're going to continue to think about how we return excess cash to shareholders. I think the company will continue to produce excess cash and that we will produce more cash than we will spend on acquisitions. So the real question is what's the most thoughtful way to return that to shareholders? And I think that will be an ongoing discussion for the board, and if we change some thoughts on how to deal with that, I think we'll let you know. But it is a topic that's on the agenda for discussions.
Adam H. Holt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And then maybe a question for you, James. If you look at your license revenue growth in the last several quarters, it had been kind of stable, and obviously, it's starting to move around a little bit. Is the -- license revenue growth down 6% in constant currency. Is that something that starts to improve as you get better mix around some of the emerging products? Or is there something else that you have to do at this point to get that business or that part of business, I should say, reaccelerated?
James A. Beer: Adam, in terms of the license revenue growth percentage year-over-year, obviously, we saw a bounce-back from what we were recording in the last quarter. So that was important to see, and clearly, we'll continue work on building that statistic. But once again, I really emphasized in my remarks the growth of subscription, because more of our new offerings into the market are on a subscription basis. And so, we're really pleased by the strong growth that we continue to see on our subscription business basically, overall, but we particularly also break out the enterprise subscription, which is growing at quite a nice 20%-plus pace.
Adam H. Holt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So should we be thinking about that business, then, as continuing to decline going forward? Or is there a level at which there's kind of a run rate where it stabilizes, the license side?
James A. Beer: Clearly, when you think about the license drivers of the business, it's largely on the enterprise side, and products like Backup Exec, as we work to get that back on track, that will be a relatively license-revenue-rich product, as is today NetBackup and so forth. And you know how we're focused on building our appliance activities around both of our backup product areas. So I think there are opportunities to continue to build on the year-over-year license revenue statistics. But I would just really emphasize the continued growth of the subscription business on the enterprise side. And of course, largely, the Consumer business is a subscription service as well.
Operator: Our next question is Phil Winslow with Crdit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Steve, just a question for you. As you start to evaluate the business here, are all sort of strategic options on the table and in your mind, i.e., sale, divestiture, or do you actually believe that the current structure of Symantec is the appropriate one right now?
Stephen M. Bennett: Phil, I think it's a good question, and I guess my view on this is one of the advantages of coming in from the outside is you start with a clean sheet of paper. And that's why I'm so excited about the listening tour where I'll be out talking to investors, customers, partners, employees. But I don't feel constrained at all by anything. And I think that will be healthy for our company, to take a clean sheet of paper, zero base to look, and I have lots of questions to ask. And I'm going to collect a lot of data. But I'm completely wide open, I start with a clean sheet of paper. But the most important thing is strategy, and structure follows strategy. So this is an important thing for me to really get right, working with the team. I'm not going to figure it out by myself, but we have a team of really smart people here, and I think this fresh look will really help us. But I will tell you that I don't feel at all constrained by the board. I took this job because I believe that our assets are better than our performance, and I need to learn what's getting in the way. And I think there's strategic clarity that we should be able to bring that will improve our focus and execution and resource allocation, and as I said earlier, so that we get back to the leadership position in the future, mobile-connected world that we had in the desktop PC world. That's my goal, is to bring a strategy to the table in the next 90 to 120 days that positions us for that position in the future.
Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then just one quick follow-up. I have a lot of questions today on sort of the cross-sell percentage of this company. Do you actually believe a single sales force for both storage and security is appropriate? Or is that a to be determined?
Stephen M. Bennett: My view on this is I think it's a good use case to run through the previous thing. I think it will be a great thing for me to learn, and I think we want to be sensitive, obviously, to any transition. I don't think you'll see any big decisions like that until we have a strategy. But structure and resource allocation follow strategy. So let's figure out where we're winning and why, where we're losing and why and then make thoughtful, informed decisions based on which hills we're going to charge and then get everybody mobilized to charge those hills, and we're going to pick hills that we believe we can win based on the competitive environment, the resources and assets we have, and then we'll make whatever decisions are required, whether organizational, resource allocation, sales force alignment, to get all of our employees in the boat rowing in the same direction. And I think that clarity of purpose will produce better results than what we've produced over the last few years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Raimo Lenschow with Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital, Research Division: A lot of my questions have been answered, but can we go quickly, James, maybe into the cost base? You've done consistently better on the sales to market side than we have kind of anticipated. Can you just talk a little bit of, as you go through the transition, as you kind of see how the top line is growing, how you think about cost in that process?
James A. Beer: Well, Bill Robbins and his team have been focusing for some years now on gradually improving their productivity and so forth, and I'm pleased by the progress that we've all made together. We certainly feel as though there are opportunities for continued improvement over time. Some of what Bill has been focusing on of late is redesigning the way we have our specialist teams in the marketplace in order to gather together what were previously separate specialist groups into larger groups that focus on related technologies. And so it's things like that, that are allowing us to be more effective in terms of serving our customers and getting a greater productivity as a result. And of course, the best leverage here in terms of productivity is by growing the top line.
Operator: Our next question comes from Aaron Schwartz with Jefferies.
Aaron Schwartz - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I think a question that's come up a little bit that some people may have is, Steve, whether this is sort of a transitory role for you or this is sort of a long-term position that you're going to commit to. And in this process, I know you pointed out that this was not sort of based on any singular event but whether sort of full sort of outside candidate was also looked at.
Stephen M. Bennett: The answer to that is no, because the board believed that because of my experience and track record and knowledge of the company that I was the right CEO. Some background on that is they did look at and did a dry search, actually, before the decision was made to promote Enrique 3 years ago, and it just turns out coincidentally, I was on the short list for that decision 3 years ago, so although that search was never commenced and the decision was made to hire Enrique. So no, I'm the CEO, and I have told my wife, Ma [ph], "This might be a 5-year deal, it might be a 3-year deal, but the commitment I made to the board when I took the job is that I will do this job until I'm comfortable we're in a position and have either an internal candidate, preferably, that -- like we did at Intuit, turning over the reins to Brad Smith. I will not turn over the leadership of this company until I've been able to get it on a course I'm comfortable with, and my goal would be to stay on as Chairman at that point. So I have a long-term involvement. And in the mix of what the roles are and how that shapes out will be determined by our ability to make sure we've got the leadership in place to help the company achieve the strategy we're going to set out."
Aaron Schwartz - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And then maybe a follow-up question for James. You made some comments about sort of the seasonality to the cash flow here in the second quarter, but would you expect still that for the year that the cash flow could be sort of flattish with prior year?
James A. Beer: Well, we don't guide to the full year for cash flow, but I'll just remind everyone, obviously, over the last couple of years, we've grown cash flow consistently, and obviously, that's a key goal for the company overall.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Breza with RBC Capital Markets.
Robert P. Breza - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: James, maybe just a couple of questions. You talked about as it relates to the segments of the business, Backup Exec being kind of 2- to 3-quarter decision process that we got to work through here. It looks like the Consumer business, we all know the PC market doesn't look very good, at least for the next quarter or 2. Can you just talk to us directionally on how you see, given that you have the deferred revenue visibility that maybe we don't have, how do you expect the Consumer business to trend over the next -- or over the year, I should say? And then maybe just as a backup question to the prior analyst, when you think about cash flow, you're coming in at $340 million and seasonally low, it would appear difficult that it would actually grow year-on-year just given where DSOs are at 34 days for the quarter. Any other finer points would be helpful.
James A. Beer: First of all, in terms of the Consumer business, we're very pleased by the ongoing growth there. Janice and her team have put together a remarkable string of quarters of continued and consistent growth. And obviously, we are very focused on continuing that. Underlying that is the fundamental strength of our core products that get terrific reviews consistently, while at the same time, we're very much focused on bringing new services to market, as we talked about in our prepared remarks, very much oriented around the mobile world. And I think underpinning all of that is the investment that we've put in recent years into the e-commerce engine, which offers us such greater granularity into pricing, the behavior of different segments of our customer base on a geographic basis. So we're able to continue learning, continue developing in order to allow us this consistent ability to upsell and cross-sell, which drives the growth as we, in essence, seed and develop our place in the newer mobile space. So that's the strategy. We're absolutely focused in continuing on that, and as we execute, I think there's more opportunity for the Consumer business to grow. So we're pleased by how that is consistently developing. Now in terms of cash flow, obviously, I did note earlier how we had an FX headwind. And certainly, looking at how the euro is going, it's perfectly plausible that there would be those continuing headwinds for the next several months. We'll see. But that said, we're very focused on continuing to grow the top line. We've got a strong set of products and services that are very relevant to the marketplaces in which we operate. Yes, we have a problem in the Backup Exec area. We're really focused on sorting that out. And with that focus, with that level of effort, we'll keep building the cash flow. And it is volatile, more volatile than an accounting metric, obviously, in any 1 quarter, but I think we have plenty of opportunity ahead.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Turits with Raymond James.
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Steve, a question for you, then a follow-up for James. Stephen, obviously the business has been pretty flat. If you had to take a look and say what you thought were the areas that would be most likely to drive reaccelerated growth near term and those that would be most likely to drive it long term, what would those be?
Stephen M. Bennett: I think that's too early for me to answer that question, because I'm going to start from a customer-back -- Intuit has been successful by starting with the important customer problem and then working back. So I'm going to actually -- in my listening and learning tour, I'm going to be out talking to futurists and people that are very "where is the world going in the future?" And I'm going to start from the market back and as we build the strategy. So I actually prefer not to articulate, because I want to start with customer and projected future needs and work back and then organize around the company around what are the mountains that we are going to charge, what are the hills we're going to take? And so I actually think it would be inside out to think about products and services today. And I actually think that's part of our opportunity, is to rethink strategically the whole way the company approaches the market, come market back and be unconstrained by existing structures and existing way we think about things. And so I'm actually quite excited to go on this listening tour and get opinions from all over the world on the most important customer problems that we can solve better than anybody else and make money. And if we do that right and focus on those critical areas, I think we'll accelerate the rate of value creation for our investors and our other stakeholders. So I'm going to defer that, but that will be a robust discussion in the next 30 -- 90 to 120 days or whenever I get to the point to share that. And you guys, I'm sure, will be, other than our employees, some of the first ones to hear where we come down.
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And James, we had down bookings this quarter and last quarter, and it looks like the guidance is for slightly down next. I think the hope had been in the second half, you would start to see bookings positive in terms of growth. Do you think we're still on track to that?
James A. Beer: Well, I wouldn't try to go beyond the guidance that we've already offered this morning, but as you look at the implied billings statistics, if you do the foreign exchange adjustments and just really focus on the organic statistics, the June quarter implied billings were up 4% year-over-year. So that was an important rebound from where we had been in the previous 2 quarters, where we were down year-over-year in both of those.
Operator: Our next question will come from Gregg Moskowitz with Cowen & Company.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Steve, you had mentioned earlier that Symantec has a lot of capabilities in place that did not exist at Intuit when you joined 12 years prior. Just wondering if you could elaborate on that and perhaps provide some examples of what you think currently works very well at Symantec, whether from an R&D, distribution or operational standpoint?
Stephen M. Bennett: I think, Gregg, it's an excellent question, and let me just give you a couple of specific answers, because as you know, what you see in the depth of level of knowledge you see as a board member or a Chairman is a lot different than you see as a CEO. So there's some things I know, but there's a lot of things I don't know. The board actually went through and did a tour on Monday of the -- I think it was Monday now -- of the new e-commerce platform that Janice and her team built that James referred to earlier, and I saw just an incredible e-commerce platform, that I say this is an unbelievable asset in our A-B testing capability, and the team that is running that is very exciting. Frankly, my conclusion on that is, "Boy, there's a lot of companies out there that should be using this, because it's better than anything I'd seen. And so what do you do with that now as a company? I mean, we've built it internally. It's awesome." So that's the kind of thing, Gregg, that I've got to learn more about and say, "Hey, this is an asset. Are we really leveraging this in the way that we could, or we are just using it internal?" Now there may be something there. There may not be anything there. So it's another -- I'd give Enrique credit for. I mean, we have a performance management system for the organization here that's pretty robust. That's pretty important as we move forward. So there's organizational things, there's assets in the customer and marketing area. I think there's a lot of questions. To be honest, I bet I have the same questions that many of you would have, and those are all things I'm going to take on in this listening and learning tour, and I'll be much better prepared to talk about that as we get together here again toward the end of the year, 120 days from now. But I'm actually looking forward to that discussion, because I think that I'll be much better informed now than I am then -- or then than I am now.
James A. Beer: And just building on one of those points, Steve, one of the areas where the team is already under way around thinking -- the next step, if you will, is around the e-commerce engine, where we see potential to bring it also over onto the enterprise side of the business, particularly focusing around small-, medium-size businesses where you put a lot of the same types of needs and capabilities. So there are -- I think there's some very interesting opportunities in the areas like that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I just was going to go back to the "blank sheet of paper" kind of line of questioning, and I believe the mission, I don't know if it's written into the formal mission statement, has been to protect information. Do you go to the field in just fact finding kind of under that existing mission statement or is that mission statement subject to revision in the future after you go through this process?
Stephen M. Bennett: I think it's a very thoughtful question. When I -- all I can do is give you kind of my experience at Intuit, which is the most relevant, which the mission statement is revolutionize people's lives by solving important problems. And it was an unconstraining mission statement, because there's a lot of problems, but the logic there was uncover important customer problems that we can solve better than anybody else in the world and make money. And that's the same logic I'm going to apply at Symantec. I learned that from Scott Cook and Bill Campbell at Intuit. I think it was very powerful, simple, strategic logic. Symantec has very strong assets in many areas. The customers' needs are changing dramatically and radically. As I said, our goal is to lead in the future mobile interconnected world like we did on the desktop PC world. So I believe, and I'm very sensitive, we did not change the mission at Intuit, but it was broad enough to allow us to change the strategy. And so I don't know, to be honest. I don't believe we will be constrained by the mission of Symantec. I'd like to be consistent there if it does not constrain us, but that's one of the questions I'm going to have to figure out. I will not be constrained in how I think about finding important customer problems that we can solve better than anybody else in the world and make money. And that will be the foundation for the strategy this company is going to move forward on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Maguire with CLSA.
Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I had a question really for James. As -- you had mentioned that enterprise subscriptions saw 22% growth, and this really goes back to the question about the mix between products and subscriptions and the transitions toward more cloud-based solutions. Could you comment on how this is -- how you're seeing this impact the mix in the business? And for Steve, how this broader transition may inform the questions that you ask and how you may be looking to derive value out of some of the assets like the e-commerce platform?
James A. Beer: First of all, the enterprise subscriptions business actually grew 24% year-over-year, so a good strong number, and where we're in the financial model seeing this manifest itself is a continued increase in the volume of our in-period revenue that is rolling straight off the balance sheet. So in this September quarter, we're going to have 76% of our revenue coming off the balance sheet. So that's been a steady increase over the last couple of years, and I would expect that to continue as we bring more service offerings into the marketplace.
Stephen M. Bennett: So Ed, strategically, again, I love the question, and I really appreciate the strategic nature a lot of these questions you folks are asking today, because I really do enjoy that kind of dialogue with our investors or our analysts. Look, the best thing I can do, again, is bring a philosophy that was developed at GE and applied at Intuit, which is I don't start with whether it's subscription or whether it's desktop or license. I start with how do we solve an important customer problem? How do we deliver that product or service? I actually call it an offering so we don't have a debate of whether it's a product or a service. And how do we be ubiquitous to how customers want to buy? Because I'm indifferent if they bought TurboTax on the web or as a Software-as-a-Service or on a desktop. What I want to do is win the product offering game, solve that problem than anybody else, however they want to buy it. Is it a license? Is it an appliance? Is it a Software-as-a-Service subscription? I want to be better than anybody else at meeting that customer need, and I don't want to start with growing -- now I think the outcome of that, based on the secular trends, is we're going to see more Software-as-a-Service and all that. But I want to be the best appliance solution and the best license solution and the best subscription-offering Software-as-a-Service solution and let customers pick what's right for them. And small businesses, consumers, different enterprises might pick different solutions. If you had to say, "How are you going to prioritize?" or, "What's your thinking going into it?" Look, I think we want to skate to where the puck's going, not to where it's been. And so we're going to be much more focused on the emerging and the future needs, and I think we're going to have to accelerate our pace and rate of change away from winning in the past to winning in the future. And that may take some courage and some leadership from our team. But that's what we're going to do.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Cummins with ThinkEquity.
Daniel T. Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: I'd like to ask if there's a possibility that you'll be back sooner than 90 or 120 days? It seems to me many of us on this call would say it won't take you that long to find out what the value perception is among your customers for signature-based anti-malware. So is there a chance you'd be back sooner just to let us know, perhaps, a binary statement about whether the plan will be incremental or bold with respect to your portfolio? And the second question's specifically on the Consumer business. Do you have a strong hypothesis or opinion about the changing risk profile of your Consumer business right now with respect to Windows 8 or Microsoft's willingness now to, perhaps, move strategically against its hardware partners and maybe close that platform up a good deal and resemble Apple much more?
Stephen M. Bennett: Look, I think we have to figure out a way to leverage our assets, do something that other folks can't do. And I think our products have big advantages over a single-platform system today. And I think what we will try and -- I mean, I think the answer -- first, let me answer your question. I think the answer is no. We will make some decisions that you might see or hear about that to me are more strategy-independent. But I think those will be more on the shorter-term value creation. I think the big, big leverage point and the big decisions will be sorting through the reality of how the market's evolving, to your point, and figuring out where to place our chips. So I would defer, I don't think there's going to be any big strategic decisions. And look, I want to travel around the world. I'm going to go to India, I've got to visit all of our customers. So there's a lot for me to learn not just about the strategy, but part of this is learning the organization's capability to execute the new strategy and make them part of the process. So I think there's something more than just figuring out the strategy. I think it's all part of getting the organization mobilized and starting that [ph] so we can execute the new strategy, however that comes down. So I actually think that's an important part of this process. If it was just the strategy process for presentation, I could do it faster than 90 days. But the big part of this is making sure I'm working the organizational and change-management part of this, which I've got a long track record of doing multiple times, to produce excellent results. And so that's what takes more time than just the strategy. Look, to me it's an integrated process, and that's why it will take the kind of timeframes I talked about.
Helyn Corcos: Thank you, operator. I think that's it.
Stephen M. Bennett: Let me just close to everybody. Thank you. I'm glad to be back in the game. Actually, the last day or so, I realized I might have missed it more than I thought, and I'm quite excited and energized to be back. I'd like to thank all the Symantec employees for delivering a solid quarter, and I look forward to working with all of them to make Symantec continue on the path to accelerate value creation for all our stakeholders. So thanks, and I look forward to our next discussion next quarter or at the appropriate time. Thanks for joining us, again, on short notice. Goodbye.
Operator: Thank you, and that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-05-02 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Helyn Corcos - Vice President of Investors Relations Enrique T. Salem - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director James Beer - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Brad A. Zelnick - Macquarie Research John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Aaron Schwartz - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Gregory Dunham - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Daniel H. Ives - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Philip C. Rueppel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Symantec's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year-End 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Helyn Corcos, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Helyn Corcos: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our call to discuss fiscal fourth quarter and fiscal year 2012 financial results. With me today are Enrique Salem, Symantec's President and CEO; and James Beer, Symantec's Executive Vice President and CFO. In a moment, I will turn the call over to Enrique. He will discuss Symantec's execution during the quarter and the fiscal year. Then James will provide highlights of our financial results, as well as a review of our guidance assumptions as outlined in the press release. This will be followed by a question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay on Symantec's Investor Relations website. A copy of today's press release and supplemental information are posted on the website, and a copy of today's prepared remarks will be available on the website shortly after the call is completed.  Before I begin, I'd like to remind you that we provide year-over-year constant currency growth rates in our prepared remarks, unless otherwise stated. Earnings per share growth rates are provided on an as-reported basis. We use our foreign currency rules of thumb in our guidance section for all constant currency year-over-year growth rates. For the March quarter 2012, the actual weighted average exchange rate was $1.31 per euro, and the end-of-period rate was $1.33 per euro, compared to our guided rate of $1.30 per euro. For the March 2011 quarter, the actual weighted average rate was $1.37 per euro, and the end-of-period rate was $1.41 per euro.  We've included a summary of the year-over-year constant currency and actual growth rates in our press release tables and in our supplemental information, which are available on our website. Some of the information discussed on this call, including our projections regarding revenue, operating results, deferred revenue, amortization of acquisition-related intangible and stock-based compensation for the coming quarter contain forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the statements. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties can be found in the company's most recent periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Symantec assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. In addition to reporting financial results in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP, Symantec reports non-GAAP financial results. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP results, which can be found in the press release and on our website. And now I would like introduce our CEO, Mr. Enrique Salem.
Enrique T. Salem: Thank you, Helyn, and good afternoon, everyone. As we announced last week, our fourth quarter in-period revenue was weaker than expected, driven by fewer license rich deals and a shift in our revenue mix toward subscriptions. Our fourth quarter bookings, however, exceeded our internal plans and the underlying billings activity came in line with our expectations. This resulted in greater billings going to the balance sheet, driving stronger-than-expected deferred revenue. Despite the March quarter results, fiscal year 2012 was a record year for Symantec. We executed on our strategy to strengthen our core businesses, while continuing to grow our emerging businesses. We laid the foundation to capitalize on key growth initiatives in Cloud, Mobile and Virtualization. We developed a number of important innovative technologies that support our strategy. We expanded our portfolio of SaaS-delivered solutions and recently launched 03, our new security service for the cloud. We also introduced multiple mobile application and device management solutions and DLP for tablets. Furthermore, we strengthened our partnership with VMware to provide storage solutions that facilitate virtualization of critical applications.  In our core businesses, we launched the best performing Enterprise Endpoint Protection product according to industry analysts. We successfully released our Backup Appliances with better-than-expected results and launched the industry's first membership offering for consumer security. We are continuing to make progress in penetrating the SMB segment, where there's more opportunity to grow. We successfully reversed the downward trend in our core Enterprise Endpoint Security business, which saw its third consecutive quarter of bookings growth, driven by SEP 12's award-winning product launch.  Our Trust Services business also performed well. This is a market many believed to be in decline when we bought it, yet the team's focused execution has driven growth and share gains across both the premium and value segments of the certificate market.  Our emerging businesses contributed to bookings growth during the fiscal year 2012. User Authentication, designed to protect identities, had another record quarter. Managed Security Services continued to gain share as customers relied on our security expertise to help them deal with the targeted threat environment. We simplified our pricing structure, which has both streamlined the buying process for our customers and improved our margins through better alignment of cost and value. We signed a number of new MSS contracts across geographies, highlighted by an important win at a major German bank. Our SaaS security services also grew as cloud delivery is increasingly the preferred solution for mail and web security.  As all of these growth drivers are subscription offerings, sales go to the balance sheet and will be recognized as revenue in the coming quarters. In the fourth quarter, we laid the foundation for both our Cloud and Mobile solutions. In order to help customers with the key trend of "Bring Your Own Device," we acquired 2 mobile companies to round out our capabilities. Being able to offer customers mobile device and application management allows employees to use their personal devices in the workplace without having to compromise security or the native user experience. We also launched Phase I of 03, our Identity and Access Control service, enabling single sign-on for third-party cloud applications. We have received positive early responses to this service from a variety of customers.  With storage costs making up 17% of IT budget according to Forrester, it becomes increasingly important for organizations to manage their data in more efficient ways. Symantec enables customers to use virtualization technologies and the cloud to lower IT costs and confidently back up, recover, archive and discover information. Our Information Management products protect and archive physical and virtual machines, using integrated market-leading capabilities. During the year, we strengthened our partnership with VMware. We developed innovative technologies, such as V-Ray, and provided advanced capability for source and for target deduplication. In addition, we successfully delivered industry-leading Backup Appliances, which have driven incremental new business and have displaced established competitors.  In the fourth quarter, we refreshed our Backup products for the Enterprise and SMB segments. We differentiated ourselves by providing up to 100X faster backup speed and integrating with NetApp Snapshots. We leveraged our unique technologies across multiple delivery models, including cloud, fully integrated appliances and traditional on-premise software. We will continue driving the penetration of our appliances into new and developed markets, integrating our complementary eDiscovery and archiving capabilities and cross-selling these higher-growth businesses into our installed base.  Our Storage Management business received several large renewals from top Telco and financial sector customers, reiterating our customers' commitment to these products and the value of these relationships. Our large Storage Management customers use both our Backup and Storage Management products to better protect and manage their information. We will continue to expand our partnerships with Red Hat and VMware to help customers migrate business-critical workloads into their private clouds. The increasing momentum towards the Linux platform and data center modernization will continue to be the primary opportunity drivers going forward. This business generates an important source of cash and profits for the company.  Our consumer business generated its 14th consecutive quarter of year-over-year revenue growth. We maintained our consumer security leadership during the global decline in PC shipments that was felt most acutely in the developed markets, where the attach rates are much higher than in the emerging markets. In our beyond-the-PC offerings, our cloud backup solution and NortonLive Services continue to generate strong growth. Norton Online Backup now has 14 million users. This solution is an important part of our consumer protection portfolio and has proven to be an important driver of our renewals. Our smartphone and tablet solution, Norton Mobile Security, is also available as an app in the Android market and has received a 4.3 star rating. Today's consumer accesses information on a broader array of devices than the PC. Our recently launched Norton One service enables this trend by ensuring information protection moves with the consumer. Norton One, the industry's first membership offering, represents a new paradigm in consumer information protection. This premium service provides comprehensive protection across multiple devices, backed with a personalized experience and dedicated support, all managed through a single cloud-based interface.  In conclusion, while I'm disappointed with the lower-than-expected revenue results in the fourth quarter, I am pleased with the 9% revenue growth we delivered in fiscal year 2012. We will continue to focus on strengthening our core businesses and growing our emerging opportunities. We are excited about the roadmap for fiscal year 2013 and have many of the foundational elements in place to grow our business. This is the overriding focus of our team as we move ahead. And with that, I'll turn the call over to James for a detailed review of our financial results.
James Beer: Thank you, Enrique, and good afternoon. As we discussed on our preliminary update call last week, our bookings activity met our expectations for the fourth quarter, but a year-over-year decline of 26% in license sales and a larger percentage of ratable subscription sales, caused revenue and EPS to come in below our expectations. The higher subscription sales caused more of our billings activity to be recorded on the balance sheet, resulting in a higher deferred revenue balance. For fiscal year 2012, we reported record results for each of our key financial metrics and across all of our geographies. This performance was driven by strength in our Backup, SaaS, DLP and Managed Security Service offerings, as well as the results of our recently acquired businesses.  First, I'll review the financial results of our fiscal year 2012 compared to fiscal year 2011. As-reported revenue grew 9% and reached a record $6.73 billion. On a constant-currency basis, revenue grew 6%. Acquisitions accounted for $54 million in revenue, resulting in 1% organic constant currency growth for fiscal 2012. In constant currency, our license revenue declined 7%, while content and maintenance revenue grew 3%. Subscription revenue grew 15% and accounted for 43% of total revenue compared to 39% of revenue in fiscal 2011. Enterprise subscriptions grew 40% and accounted for 12% of total revenue as compared to 9% of revenue in the prior year. International revenue grew 7% to $3.49 billion and represented 52% of total revenue. The Americas grew 7%; Asia Pacific, including Japan, grew 14%; and the Europe/Middle East/Africa region grew 1%. As a result of our billings performance, we exited the year with a record $3.97 billion in deferred revenue, up 5%.  Our non-GAAP operating margin of 25.2% was down 20 basis points and non-GAAP earnings per share grew 13% to $1.61. We generated $1.9 billion of cash flow from operations, up 6% from fiscal 2011 on an as-reported basis. Capital expenditures totaled $286 million, resulting in free cash flow of $1.615 billion for the fiscal year. Our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments balance totaled $3.2 billion, with approximately 28% of this amount residing onshore. During the year, we spent $893 million to repurchase 51 million shares at an average share price of $17.62, reducing our common stock outstanding count by 6.5% or a net 4.3%, after adjusting for the issuance of employee stock compensation.  Now I'll review the financial details of the March 2012 quarter compared to the March 2011 period. Revenue increased 1% year-over-year and totaled $1.681 billion. Clearwell generated revenue of $13 million, below what we were expecting due to increased competitive pricing in the eDiscovery litigation service provider channel. LiveOffice generated $4 million in revenue, coming in better than planned. For the fourth quarter, our organic constant currency revenue declined 2% year-over-year. As we mentioned last week, license revenue declined 26% year-over-year, in part as a result of record license sales in the year-ago period and the continuing shift towards subscription-based products and services. Content and maintenance revenue continued to grow steadily, increasing 4% year-over-year. Subscription revenue grew 10% and accounted for 41% of total revenue, up from 38% in the year-ago period. Enterprise subscription sales grew 30% year-over-year. Across the Enterprise business, we closed a total of 487 transactions valued at more than $300,000 each, approximately equal to the number in the year-ago period, and 128 of these transactions generated more than $1 million of bookings, up 7% year-over-year. The Security and Compliance segment grew 9% year-over-year, driven by strength in MSS, SaaS and Authentication Services. Our Endpoint Security business also grew for the third consecutive quarter. The Storage and Server Management segment decreased 5% as compared to the March 2011 quarter, driven by weakness in our Storage Management business and a pause in sales before the launch of our new Backup Exec product. Revenue from our backup, archiving and eDiscovery business was down 3% year-over-year, but our newly launched Appliance business continues to exceed expectations, more than doubling its revenue year-over-year.  Revenue from our Storage Management business decreased 8% year-over-year, driven by lower license sales than in the year-ago period. The consumer business was up 2% year-over-year, driven by strong growth in our new cloud and service offerings, as well as improving renewal rates in the core business. The new service offerings grew 54% year-over-year and accounted for 2 percentage points of revenue growth. OEM placement fees were greater than our forecast by $5.4 million, as our OEM partners shipped more units than they had originally forecasted. For the June quarter, we expect PC shipments to increase as our OEM partners ship more units into emerging countries, which have lower software attach rates.  Our Services business generated revenue of $64 million as we continued to transition our consulting practice to specialized partners. GAAP operating margin for our Services segment was 17% as compared to 7% in the March 2011 quarter.  Turning now to total company margins. Non-GAAP gross margin was 84.6% for the March 2012 quarter, down 110 basis points year-over-year on increasing appliance and SaaS sales. Non-GAAP operating margin was 22.2%, down 210 basis points year-over-year, driven by weaker-than-expected revenue. The tax rate for the quarter was 21.4%, below our guidance of 27%, due to several onetime items being resolved favorably during the quarter.  We generated another quarter of strong operating cash flow. Cash flow from operating activities for the March quarter totaled $687 million. During the quarter, we spent $200 million to repurchase approximately 12 million shares at an average price of $17.88.  We are reaffirming the guidance we provided last week. We are assuming an exchange rate of $1.32 per euro, a decrease of 8% versus the weighted average rate of $1.44 and the end-of-period rate of $1.45 per euro from the June 2011 quarter. Our guidance assumes an effective tax rate of 27% and a common stock equivalents total for the quarter of approximately 725 million shares. Thus, for the June 2012 quarter, we expect GAAP revenue to be in the range of $1.645 billion to $1.66 billion as compared to revenue of $1.653 billion during the June 2011 quarter. Year-over-year, we expect revenue to be up 2.4% to 3.3% on a constant-currency basis. We expect Clearwell and LiveOffice to generate combined revenue between $11 million and $15 million in the June period. GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be between $0.18 and $0.19, as compared to $0.25 in the year-ago period. Non-GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be between $0.37 and $0.38, as compared to $0.40 in the year-ago period, down 1.5% to up 1% after adjusting for currency. GAAP-deferred revenue is estimated to be between $3.715 billion and $3.735 billion, compared to $3.689 billion at the end of June 2011. We are expecting deferred revenue to be up between 2.8% and 3.4% in constant currency. 74% or $1.23 billion of our June quarter revenue is estimated to come from the balance sheet. This is the highest deferred revenue rolloff percentage we've seen to date.  In conclusion, although our recognized revenue was weaker than we expected in the fourth quarter, we were pleased with the strong bookings performance generated in fiscal year 2012. We remain focused on consistent execution and managing our expenses judiciously to drive top line organic growth in the coming fiscal year. And now I'll turn it back to Helyn to begin polling for your questions.
Helyn Corcos: Thank you. Operator, will you please begin polling for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Helyn Corcos: While the operator is polling for questions, I'd like to update you on a few upcoming events. We will be hosting our Financial Analyst Day on Thursday, May 24, in San Francisco. Please note that registration is required to attend the event. In addition, we'll be presenting at the JPMorgan Conference on May 15 and at the Cowen Conference on May 31. Lastly, we will be reporting our fiscal first quarter results on July 25. For a complete list of our investor-related events, please visit our Events Calendar on the IR website. Operator, we're ready for our first question.
Operator: And that question will come from Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Two quick questions. One, just on the Enterprise subscription metric you gave, you noted stronger growth there versus licensing. How should we expect that trend over the next year? And then secondly, if you could just walk through -- clearly the Storage business came out a little bit lower than your expectation and the margin was down about 1,000 basis points year-on-year. Can you give us a sense of where you think the margins should restabilize back on the Storage side?
James Beer: Well, in terms of the Enterprise subscription growth rate, I talked about 30% up year-over-year. That is seeing the rolling off benefit of the VeriSign acquisition, so the SSL business is obviously a large portion of that total Enterprise subscription amount. So as the quarters go by, I would expect that to normalize more in-line with the true organic blended rate of the SSL business with the higher organic growth rates of the other of our subscription services businesses. So I would expect it to come down somewhat over time. In terms of the margin around the Storage Management side of the business, I would certainly expect the Backup performance to be improving in coming quarters. We talked in our remarks about something of a pause around Backup Exec prior to the release of that new offering. We also have a new version of NetBackup into the marketplace. And so as those license-oriented sales rise, I would expect margins to rise as well versus what we recorded in the March quarter.
Operator: And the next question will come from Brad Zelnick with Macquarie.
Brad A. Zelnick - Macquarie Research: Enrique, clearly there are a lot of good things happening at Symantec, but investors I've spoken to over the past week are trying to better understand your comments that the company met its internal plan in Q4, despite having missed your combined guidance for revenue and deferred revenue. Can you help us better understand what metrics you're managing to internally and how they deviate from reported revenue and deferred revenue that we see in your financials?
Enrique T. Salem: The metric we use is -- we look at total Enterprise bookings for the quarter, was the number that I'm referring to, Brad. And when you look at that blend, what you end up with is, we are looking at the combination of what gets -- what's in revenue, what's in deferred revenue. And as we book longer-term deals, so, for example, our cloud-based services, we look at the total contract value, a commitment over a 3-year period. So for example, we give credit for somebody who closes a 3-year .cloud deal; that's 3 years worth of credit. And so it's important to note that some of the bookings are not going to show up in revenue and deferred revenue. They're actually going to show up in years 2 and 3. That's also the case for MSS and a couple of our other businesses. So it's just the total activity, because what we're trying to do is get customers to commit to longer subscriptions with us, and that's been our practice over the years, Brad.
Brad A. Zelnick - Macquarie Research: That's very helpful, Enrique. And if I could follow up, James, how did consumer bookings in the fourth quarter measure up against what you'd expected when you originally gave fourth quarter guidance? And can you maybe compare your consumer bookings result versus Enterprise bookings in terms of how much each deviated from plan?
James Beer: Well, the Enterprise bookings are, obviously, going to be very much back-end loaded right towards the last week or 2 of the quarter. And those Enterprise bookings drive the volatility that we saw -- the lower Enterprise revenue that we saw, driven by that mix shift away from traditional license to more subscription activity that we've been talking about. Now the consumer side of the business has obviously a very different profile in terms of the way the bookings build during the quarter. It's a much more linear approach throughout the quarter. So the consumer business came in close to where we would have expected it to be. The Enterprise business actually beat on the bookings, but those bookings translated through into fewer recognized revenue dollars in period.
Operator: And the next question will come from John DiFucci with JPMorgan.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's good that you guys give us a lot of information. I think it's good sometimes that we can ask questions like this next one I'm going to ask on storage. It's sort of a follow-up to Brad's question. Storage is down 5% on a constant-currency basis and I would assume that the maintenance renewal rates for Storage are actually pretty good. But -- and when I think of pretty good, I think for Enterprise maintenance renewal rates are in the 90s. That's sort of best in class, and that's why I would think you're in for that. But down 5%, that, even if -- let's say a 95% renewal rate, that means year-over-year, you didn't sign any licenses. Zero. And if it was all maintenance that you signed a year ago, that would be down 5%. So either maintenance renewals are actually going down in that business, which, actually, I'm not sure why that would happen because these are people that have installed Veritas or Symantec Storage, and/or license is just negligible here. And I don't know, if you can help shine a little more light on this. Because as a leader in Storage software, both in storage backup and in Storage Management, even if existing customers are just buying new capacity as they grow, I would think that, that should grow a little bit. And just -- in the market itself, it appears to be growing a little. Just kind of shocking to see those numbers. If you can sort of address that.
Enrique T. Salem: John is -- you're doing analysis, and -- let me give you a little bit more color that I think will be helpful. When you look at the overall Storage Management business, that is where we've seen the decline that is driving the shortfall that you're describing. And specifically, that segment is down 8% in what we call the Storage Management area, not the Backup and recovery part of SSMG. The other thing that's important to note here, that we shouldn't overlook -- we've been doing a lot of work on the HP-UX platform, and that is a reseller OEM agreement that is coming directly through HP, and so we saw a little bit of slowdown in those billings. And so the growth opportunity for us in Storage Management is really in 2 areas: one, around virtualization, as people start using technologies like Application HA to make their VMs higher availability; and then the second is the continued move and adoption of Linux, specifically, Red Hat. And so you're seeing a headwind in that business on some of the more traditional platforms and some opportunities around the new platforms of virtualization and Linux.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Right. So everything...
James Beer: To emphasize the strength of the renewal rates, as you alluded to, John, in the way you framed the question, we have strong renewal rates in those businesses and I was pleased with the continued growth of the maintenance line within our P&L results.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: But -- and that makes sense, James, but I think the backup business, as you -- when you first spoke in the prepared remarks, was actually down 3% too. And I just -- I mean -- and if the renewal rates are high, you must not be -- and some people, I guess, are adding some kind of -- and this is my follow-up, I won't ask another one, are adding some capacity. Are you renewing maintenance contracts at significant discounts. Maybe the renewal rate's high, but you're just discounting the renewals?
James Beer: You see the -- certainly, the driver of the revenue result for the March quarter was that 26% decline in license revenue. Now both the backup and Storage Management businesses can be relatively license rich and we've talked in the past about how we saw fewer big deals in the March quarter than was the case a year ago. So it was very much the result of a lower volume of these bigger deals, driving fewer backup and Storage Management licenses that drove the revenue result. The renewal rate's continuing to build very nicely.
Operator: Our next question comes from Aaron Schwartz with Jefferies.
Aaron Schwartz - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Aaron. You had talked about how you sort of met or exceeded your billings and bookings growth for the quarter, and presumably the year. And if we look at that in the context of your cash flow growth going forward, I know you're not guiding on an annual basis, but given that the billings and bookings growth, is there any reason why cash flow should not continue to grow in sort of that mid-single-digit growth rate, sort of putting aside the shift between the income statement and the balance sheet on the bookings?
James Beer: Yes, I think, directionally, you'll continue to see cash flow growth growing in-line with our operating profit growth.
Aaron Schwartz - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, terrific. And then on the revenue guidance, if we look at it, I mean, you get about a negative -- at the midpoint here, 2.5 or 2.7 point hit from currency. If we factor that in, can you just talk about sort of your expectations in the June quarter for the different business segments in terms of your guidance here, would you expect the Storage Management business to continue to be weak here? Do you think the backup products should reaccelerate in the June quarter on the heels of the release, or does that take a couple of quarters? Maybe you could just walk through some of the segments in terms of how they should line up in the June quarter?
Enrique T. Salem: I would -- if you look at it by segment, I think you'll see our file system business continue to be at roughly the levels, with some of the continued weakness there. But when you look at Backup, specifically products like Backup Exec, our expectation is that they will start to pick up in the June quarter. With NetBackup, that will take a little bit longer as it's a larger Enterprise sale. But we do expect, for example, our appliances to continue to do very well. When you look at the Enterprise Security business, given the refresh of SEP 12 that we've done, continuing improvements in the Small Business segment, we also expect Enterprise Security to be strong in the June quarter. So that's how we'd look at it across the Storage business, the backup business and the Enterprise Security business.
Operator: And the next question comes from Philip Winslow with Crdit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I just have a question on margins. If I can just sort of back into your sort of implied margin for Q1 here. It's a pretty solid drop year-over-year for the second quarter in a row, and -- I mean, how should we just think about margins and just, I guess, what your OpEx and your COGS, your spending plans are relative to revenue? Because if fiscal '12 is relatively flattish year-over-year despite the fact that you have the benefit of sort of the right backup of the VeriSign deferred revenue over the course of the year versus fiscal '11 and now in Q1, margin is down and I'll call it 300-ish plus basis points -- I mean, how do you think about these 2? Because if the bookings and the revenue growth's not there, basically you have to have the revenue growth to expand margins from here? Or how do you just plan on OpEx?
James Beer: Well, the emphasis of our spending is very much tilted, again, in the coming fiscal year towards the higher-growth opportunities that we're seeing in the market. And those are areas like appliances, areas like the Hosted Services, the other subscription types of services that we've been discussing, and those are coming with lower margins. We absolutely think that we can drive contribution, operating profit increases as a result of growing those businesses. But there'll be some impact on margins as we scale these higher growths today, smaller parts of our overall business. At the same time, as we look to continue to grow the core, that will tend to support operating margins. So it's a balance between continued growth of the core, which will translate through quickly to operating margin improvement versus growth of these lower-margin, higher-growth opportunity subscription and appliance opportunity areas.
Operator: And moving on to Adam Holt with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: This is actually Keith Weiss sitting in for Adam Holt. On that note around margins, you guys did see a nice pickup on a year-on-basis, in your Security and Compliance margins, although the date is off a little bit from last quarter. Given that kind of mix that you're talking about, James, of the new and emerging businesses -- it seems like a lot of them are in the Security and Compliance business -- should we expect continued margin improvement in that business or is that an area that's going to really necessitate a lot of investments, and that should not be in our expectations on a go-forward basis?
James Beer: Well, we've been pleased by how the margins have expanded within Security and Compliance. Obviously, you've got products in that business unit like DLP and encryption. So those are more of the traditional type of license type sales and those, as we've discussed for several quarters now, have been coming along nicely. So they've tended to support margins in that business unit. You also see the impact of our authentication business, so the larger part of authentication is the server authentication at the sale business. And so the Security and Compliance business unit is continuing to benefit from the acquisition effects, and so that has been supporting margins in S&C as well. Now going in the other direction, you have much of our Hosted Services offerings within that business unit. We think that they'll continue to expand, and those come at a lower margin. So it'll, again, somewhat akin to my earlier answer, it will be a balance of those types of factors that will drive to the eventual margin result.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. And then on the Consumer Business, you guys actually sustained margins there as well, despite the, I believe you said a $5.4 million additional OEM expense from product unit shipments. Where's the offset to that $5.4 million coming? Where are you guys still seeing additional margin improvements in that Consumer Business?
James Beer: Well, we're obviously pleased by the continuing growth of the top line. I mean, that's where it all starts and there, it's very much the new services backup, the live services, that have been continuing to grow nicely, and we've been pleased. We talked on one of our earlier answers about the strong renewal rates on the Enterprise side of the business. The renewal rates have been strong -- getting stronger on the Consumer side. So the top line has been helping out the margin and we've been obviously working the expense equation as well judiciously.
Operator: And the next question is from Greg Dunham with Goldman Sachs.
Gregory Dunham - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess, stepping back a bit on the shift to subscription. When you guys look forward, do you expect this kind of shift to subscription to continue at this pace? Do you expect it to decelerate or accelerate? And is there anything you're doing from a comp plan perspective to influence that? That's my first question. And then a follow-up question will be on Clearwell and LiveOffice. The guidance embeds a pretty low number there. Is there anything going on with the integration there that we should be aware of, or is it just conservatism?
Enrique T. Salem: On the first question, our expectations are that customers are going to continue to move to more cloud-delivered and subscription-based businesses. I mean, the 2 standout performers there have been -- for the fiscal year, have been our .cloud services and our Managed Security Service business, because people are absolutely saying, "We need help dealing with the changing threat landscape." And so my expectation is you're going to continue to see a shift to the subscription businesses. Now the rate of growth, as James was commenting earlier, I think is going to moderate. But my expectation is, as you blend a combination of these rates, that they will definitely continue to be a much faster growing than our traditional core business. So continuing shift with a good growth rate. I'm going to let James comment on Clearwell and LiveOffice. The one thing I would tell you is LiveOffice is definitely one where we are seeing good pipeline building for that business as customers continue in their shift to the cloud-based services that I just talked about. I'll let James comment on the combination of Clearwell/LiveOffice, our guidance.
James Beer: Well, just in terms of the result for LiveOffice, remember that the accounting for this Hosted Service is fully ratable. So that recognized revenue will continue to build over the next several quarters, would be my expectation.
Enrique T. Salem: And also, we have the deferred write-downs.
James Beer: Yes.
Operator: And moving on to Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: James, I noticed in the quarter, you had a higher restructuring charge -- I think $31 million -- than you've had in 4 or 5 quarters. And I'm wondering first of all, what was behind that? Was there some activity associated within end-of-year and kind of positioning for '13 or -- what drove that?
James Beer: Yes, Walt, as I was mentioning in an earlier answer, we very much look to reorient our spending towards the highest growth opportunities, and each fiscal year, we issue productivity targets to each of our business leaders. And so they have been taking moves that orient their spend in-line with where the best growth opportunities are and that's led through to the restructuring charge that you see that we recorded in Q4. So yes, this is very much an output of our stated strategy of moving our spend very materially to where the best opportunities are.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. And then just -- I don't know if there's an answer to this question. It may be an answer that could come at the Analyst Meeting in a few weeks, but, see, you have a variety of revenue streams here. Some are appearing in revenue, some are appearing on the balance sheet. You've got the kind of the -- the maintenance question that John was asking in maintenance versus subscription. And then you've got the pieces completely off balance sheet. And I'm wondering, what sort of metric could you show us that would give us a sense maybe more transparently of how you're managing the business or something that would help everyone get comfortable? Because it sounds like you're pretty confident with what the internal numbers show, but relative to what we see, we don't necessarily see things moving in the right direction.
Enrique T. Salem: That's actually something for us to contemplate a little bit further. Obviously, we -- you hit the 3 drivers, which are revenue, deferred and basically long-term deferred or off -- or what's off -- not on the balance sheet. We can think about it, Walter. I think it's a matter of trying to give you something that is consistent year in and year out. And one of the things that we struggle with is we have a bookings metric that gets refined each year based on a number of parameters, so I'll talk to our team about it and try to figure out if there's another metric for us to potentially share that'll give you that visibility that you're interested in. It's just something that I would want to be consistent. And what we like about things like revenue, deferred and potentially billings, is that those are going to be independent of aspects of managing the business. What we can absolutely do, though, is give you more specifics on things like what's the comp plan look like? We can talk a little bit about the changes, we can talk a little bit about the changes that we're continuing to make to incent the sales force to drive the results that we want. I think that's probably an area that we can spend a little bit of time during the Analyst Day that can give you a feel for the way we're driving the business.
Operator: And the next question comes from Gregg Moskowitz with Cowen.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: James, as you noted earlier, your license revenues fell 26% year-over-year and you spoke about the reasons behind that. But if we were to exclude Storage and Server Management, what would we have seen in license revenues for the quarter on a year-over-year basis?
James Beer: Well, I don't have that particular breakout for you, but it's safe to say that our Storage and Server Management business unit drives a preponderance of the license activity in any one particular quarter. Because if you think about the other business units we have, the Services business, that's generally, fully ratable. The consumer business is almost fully ratable. And then the Security and Compliance group, that has some amount of license content in products like DLP and encryption. But the biggest business there is the Endpoint Security and Suites business, and that has taken, if not fully ratably, almost fully ratably. So the single most important driver by a long stretch is the Storage and Server Management group when it comes to the license in-period revenue result.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, Enrique, on the call last week, you expressed a lot of confidence that your integrated Backup Appliance and overall appliance business would see meaningful acceleration in fiscal '13. Can you put a finer point on that? Is that due more to technology, go-to-market, the pipeline you're seeing around the deals? Any color there would be helpful.
Enrique T. Salem: I think that the most important thing is that we've got the largest installed base of backup software. So NetBackup is the market share leader in the Enterprise and large enterprise segments. And what we see is an opportunity to deliver the integrated appliance that has the media server, the backup software and the deduplication software, all integrated as one device. Previously, what we were doing was we were selling the backup software and our customers were using other people's media server and other people's data deduplication technology. So really, this is an opportunity to sell appliances that, I believe, are differentiated because no one else can integrate these 3 pieces the way we have in one device and deliver that into our installed base.
Operator: And the next question will come from Michael Turits with Raymond James.
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: On the backup part -- I mean, the eDiscovery piece was down 3% and organic, that went down -- expect down even more x Clearwell. And I know there was a mix of rev rec issues in there. Can you give us an idea for what bookings would've been up? Because this has been a strong grower. So was this really all an accounting issue? Or if we look at this as on a bookings basis, what was the growth like there?
James Beer: Well, we don't have bookings and billings for you by business unit. So again, just going back to the, the sort of story of the quarter was around fewer of these larger deals, that particularly tends to be including backup and Storage Management. And so I think that gives you some sense -- while the volume of, for example, the million-plus deals that I referred to in my prepared remarks, were up several percent year-over-year, the dollars associated with those million-dollar-plus deals were down year-over-year, and that's very much driven by the typical big deal products, which tend to be NetBackup, the SAMG products, and to a lesser extent, Endpoint Security and so forth.
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Right. So I just want to make sure it's clear, that it -- was that a bookings shortfall relative to your plan? I just want to figure out if this is a rev rec thing or if I'm right because if NetBackup pauses, NetBackup Exec pauses, that your real sales, however you want to measure them, were light, if that wasn't just accounting issue.
James Beer: No, I don't think we should describe this as purely an accounting issue.
Enrique T. Salem: Yes. No, no, no, just -- we need to be clear on a point here, though, Michael. It's not accounting, but it's -- you may remember -- you remember 1 year ago, we talked about our deals above $1 million, and I also gave you a number, which is in deals above $10 million. So we -- 1 year ago, March, we did a lot of very large site license deals and those site licenses drive greater in-period revenues. So it's a bit of the volume of large-site license deals. That's not an accounting issue. That's an activity issue of large deals that tend to be more revenue rich. So it's a total volume of large-site licenses, is the point that we're making.
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. I'm not sure if that was my follow-up or not, but I'll take another shot. On the consumer you said that you did 2% growth and you said that was in-line with your goals. I can't remember if you said on bookings or revenue basis. But obviously, 2% is less than the 5-percenters trend that you had in -- less than my model, maybe less than others. So what should we think of as far as the trajectory going forward? Obviously, your prior long-term guidance was higher. I think you've said that on the pure list commentary that it would be in this range for a little while. How should we think of that trajectory longer term?
Enrique T. Salem: When we -- if you look at the consumer business, it came in around our expectation, maybe slightly below where we had anticipated for the quarter. And what we definitely are seeing, as you know, in our business, especially when we talk about the OEM deals, a lot of the units that we're shipping are going into the emerging markets that have a lower attach rate. Now we are seeing a bit of a pickup in total PC unit shipments, but that has continued to go into emerging markets. And so the outlook on the consumer business, my expectation is, that business will continue to grow year-over-year, but, I think, at a slightly reduced rate as we continue to see this shift in where PCs are going. Now the opportunity for us is, as Janice and her team have shipped products like Norton One, which allow us to create a capability that goes across devices -- as that product goes into the market, my expectation is that we'll start to see a improvement in the bookings for the consumer business. And so my expectation is that, that business will definitely grow year-over-year, but probably lower than we've seen in the previous periods.
Operator: And the next question'll come from Daniel Ives with FBR.
Daniel H. Ives - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Enrique, in light of a definitely slower growth, just walk me through rationale in regards to a potential dividend, and if your thoughts has changed in light of the outlook for next year?
Enrique T. Salem: We consider the various options of how we return value to shareholders. Obviously, our biggest goal is to drive the stock price and we work diligently at that. With regards to share repurchase and a dividend, James commented that we had repurchased about $893 million in the fiscal year. And we continue to always be open-minded to what we would do on dividend, but we do, at this point, continue to prefer the share repurchase. One thing that's interesting about $893 million is that number is a little bit higher than our onshore cash generation for the full fiscal year. And so ultimately, we are continuing to be a consistent, and quite frankly, aggressive buyer of our stock through our share repurchase. And that's probably the thing that we will continue through the fiscal year.
Operator: And the next question will come from Ed Maguire with CLSA.
Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I wanted to come back to this transition toward more subscriptions. In the Enterprise subscription business, growth is certainly a bright spot. Could you comment on how much of that business may be replacement of existing products? And I know that most of this activity is in Security, not so much in Storage. But as you make this transition, how much is relative pricing playing a role and how much are you coming into new competitive dynamics when you go to a subscription model?
Enrique T. Salem: It's a bit of a blend, but when you look at businesses like MSS, Trust Services, User Authentication, those are net new opportunities that are not replacing an on-premise capability where we were the previous seller. Quite frankly, I look at these subscription business as a net new opportunity for Symantec. While there is some overlap in our traditional mail and messaging Security products, where customers are looking at the .cloud capability versus the on-premise, when I look at a lot of new growth opportunities, MSS, Trust Services, even our ev.cloud, where customers do have on-premise capability, ev.cloud is tending to go into new customers, not into the existing base of people moving from on-premise Enterprise vault to a cloud-based Enterprise vault. And the reason is when have a big on-premise archive, people aren't rushing to try and move that to the cloud for a number of reasons. And so I do see that a lot of these new subscription businesses are absolutely net incremental and not going into cannibalizing the existing base.
Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Great. And just to take a little higher level as a follow-up. I mean, you commented on Europe on your call last week. But looking forward at the different regions, what's your sense of tone of business in Europe and in Asia, where you've actually had some -- some pretty nice growth over the last couple of quarters?
Enrique T. Salem: We continue to look at the world in mature and emerging markets. Obviously, we've got emerging markets around the world. I think Brazil continues to perform well for us. Our emerging markets in Europe have continued to do well, obviously, emerging markets in Asia. I would tell you that the opportunity in Asia Pacific and Japan, I still believe to be probably in aggregate the fastest-growing. I do see the markets -- our emerging markets in parts of Europe will continue to grow. The German economy continues to be strong, and so I expect that to be the bright spot in Europe. Our performance in the U.K. was also very strong. That was a pleasant upside, but I do expect there to be a relatively more moderated growth in other parts of the more developed parts of the Americas.
Helyn Corcos: [Operator Instructions]
Operator: We'll take the next question from Philip Rueppel with Wells Fargo Securities.
Philip C. Rueppel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just one last question around that sort of slowdown or the lack of growth in large deal count. Is there anything structural going on there? I mean, do you think that the pipeline for fiscal '13 looks like you should see growth there? Is there change in compensation that is causing less of the big deals or is it really just something that we're going to see from time to time ahead of major product launches, et cetera?
Enrique T. Salem: Yes, in a comp plan, there's no change that [indiscernible] to get the large deals. I think it's a matter of -- we definitely saw -- last March, we saw a number of quite a bit of pent-up demand and a number of very large-site licenses that came through. My expectation, though, is we are going to continue to see this mix shift, that I've been -- that James and I have been describing, to more subscription-oriented businesses. And I don't expect to see, as many real large site license deals going forward. Now, this is all built into what we've been sharing with you. And so as I look at the guidance we've given and the pipeline and the mix of products, given all the information we have, I'm very comfortable with the guidance and the mix of licenses subscription for the June quarter. All right. Well, I'd like to thank everyone for joining us this afternoon and I look forward to speaking with you at our upcoming Financial Analyst Day on May 24. Thank you.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation today.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-01-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Enrique T. Salem - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director James Beer - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Helyn Corcos - Vice President of Investors Relations
Analysts: Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Chaitanya Yaramada - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jonathan Ho - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Brad A. Zelnick - Macquarie Research Robert P. Breza - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Aaron Schwartz - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Symantec's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Helyn Corcos, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Helyn Corcos: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our call to discuss fiscal third quarter 2012 financial results. With me today are Enrique Salem, Symantec's President and CEO; and James Beer, Symantec's Executive Vice President and CFO. In a moment, I will turn the call over to Enrique. He will discuss Symantec's execution during the quarter, then James will provide highlights of our financial result as well as discuss our guidance assumptions as outlined in the press release. This will be followed by a question-and-answer session.  Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay on Symantec's Investor Relations website. A copy of today's press release and supplemental financial information are posted on the website, and a copy of today's prepared remarks will be available on the website shortly after the call is completed.  Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that we will review our financial results focusing on year-over-year constant currency growth rates unless otherwise stated. Net income, EPS and sequential growth rates are based on as reported results. For the December 2011 quarter, the actual weighted average exchange rate was $1.35 per euro and the end-of-period rate was $1.30 per euro compared to our guided rate of $1.37 per euro. For the December 2010 quarter, the actual weighted average rate was $1.35 per euro and the end-of-period rate was $1.33 per euro. We've included a summary of the year-over-year constant currency and actual growth rates in our press release table and in our supplemental information, which can be accessed on the website.  Some of the information discussed on this call, including our projections regarding revenue, operating results, deferred revenue, cash flow from operations, amortization of acquisition-related intangibles and stock-based compensation for the coming quarter contain forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in those statements. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties can be found in the company's most recent periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Symantec assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.  In addition to reporting financial results in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP, Symantec reports non-GAAP financial results. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP results, which can be found in the press release and on our website.  And now I'd like to introduce our CEO, Mr. Enrique Salem.
Enrique T. Salem: Thank you, Helyn, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased with the team's execution of our information-centric vision. In addition, our strategy to secure and manage information and identities on any device or platform is resonating well with enterprises and consumers globally. We continue to gain traction with our long-term growth initiatives in the areas of cloud, computing, mobile and virtualization. In the December 2011 quarter, we continued to build momentum as we delivered our sixth consecutive quarter of consistent execution. We generated better-than-expected revenue, earnings and deferred revenue results on a constant-currency basis. Our performance was driven by market share gains in Backup and strength in Enterprise Security, including DLP, Managed Security Services and Authentication.  Now let's take a closer look at some of the highlights from the quarter. Following on the strength of last year's December quarter results, our focused sales execution coupled with robust demand for our industry-leading products drove strong performance across all products and regions. We continue to cross-sell the product portfolio with 41% of our December quarter deals over $1 million, including sales from both of our Enterprise product segments, up from 38% in the year ago period. Our Backup business continues to gain market share. Growth in this business was driven by our unique ability to provide integrated deduplication, backup and virtualization solutions in a variety of form factors. Our investments to create industry-leading appliances are paying off as our Appliance business continues to exceed our expectations.  We have signed several large transactions with our NetBackup 5220 appliance, displacing established competitors. Our embedded V-Ray technology continues to differentiate us from the competition. Leading organizations such as FedEx and NBC Universal use NetBackup with V-Ray because of its ability to provide load-balanced, indexed and easily recoverable backups in both physical and virtual environments.  To further extend our lead in Information Management, we are bringing together our on-premise and cloud-based backup, archiving, eDiscovery and data security solutions. Due to the explosion of electronically stored information, customers are demanding a unified way to proactively classify, retain and discover information while reducing risk and avoiding costs. With tightened integration of our leading archiving and eDiscovery products, we will better protect information, establish retention policies and streamline the eDiscovery process.  Along with advanced technologies such as source and target deduplication our Backup Exec Appliance also includes critical system protection to protect the server from attacks. Our Enterprise Security business delivered strong double-digit results as we continue to extend our lead in Data Loss Prevention, Managed Security Services and Authentication. Competitor displacements drove ongoing stabilization in our Endpoint Security business. Customers are adopting SEP 12, 12.0, our best-in-class endpoint protection product, faster than previous versions, and it is already installed on more than 3 million endpoints. For the second year in a row, Symantec surpassed the other vendors, receiving the highest rating in both completeness of vision and ability to execute in the recent Gartner Magic Quadrant for endpoint protection platforms.  Data Loss Prevention continued to outpace the market with double-digit growth driven by organizations needing to safeguard their intellectual property and prevent leakage of their critical data. Our Managed Security Services business closed its largest transaction ever with a global hospitality company, generating another quarter of strong double-digit growth. We're the only MSS provider that has received a top rating from Gartner in all 3 geographies.  Trust Services and User Authentication had a great quarter as we continue to displace our competitors. We increased our lead in both the premium and value SSL segments as we grew our install base by double-digits for the sixth consecutive quarter. According to Netcraft, Symantec has more active extended validation SSL certificates in use across the web than all other certificate authorities combined. Our user authentication solution, known as VIP, had another record quarter driven by solid execution across all geographies. We extended VIP's product leadership by adding intelligent authentication, which includes advanced security technologies such as system device fingerprinting, user behavior monitoring and geolocation monitoring.  Our storage and availability management business had a strong sales quarter driven by the successful release of Storage Foundation High Availability 6.0. Demand for centralized management across physical and virtual Linux, Windows and UNIX platforms was again a major driver of new sales. Today, Linux is the fastest-growing platform for our storage management software as an increasing number of customers are deploying Linux in their IT environments. We continue to partner with Red Hat and VMware to help customers migrate critical workloads into their private clouds. Our Consumer business generated its 13th consecutive quarter of year-over-year revenue growth, driven by our multichannel distribution strategy as well as our award-winning Norton products and services. Our 2012 Norton AntiVirus and Norton Internet Security have won 54 awards to date, more than double that of the top 2 competitors combined. The high quality and performance of our 2012 products have helped us sign a new multiyear agreement with Lenovo to include Norton Internet Security on their Think-branded personal computers. New products and services continue to drive growth for our consumer business. Our online backup business delivered double-digit revenue growth as we continue to expand our go-to-market initiatives.  For household and small offices with mixed environments of PCs and Macs, NortonLive Ultimate Help Desk now supports Macs and provides customers with an easy-to-use support service. We continue to expand our partnerships with ISVs and ISPs, creating another channel for us to upsell our NortonLive solutions. Our cloud services business, known as Symantec.cloud, continue to deliver new value-added services, and we have broadened our distribution. During the quarter, a large public-sector customer in Europe with more than 450,000 users chose Symantec to build out their cloud services with improved security standards. We have also received positive feedback from customers and partners on our new Endpoint Protection and Backup Exec cloud-based solutions. In addition, our extended cloud portfolio -- in addition, we are extending our cloud portfolio with the acquisition of LiveOffice, a cloud-based archiving provider to offer customers a comprehensive information management solution delivered on-premise, in the cloud or as a hybrid solution.  Now turning our attention to our mobile offerings. We continue to add new capabilities to our mobile device management solutions to secure and manage smartphones, tablet PCs and other mobile devices. To drive market share gains, we launched a set of services that help enterprises evaluate their mobile security needs and develop defenses against mobile threats and vulnerabilities. By leveraging Symantec's extensive knowledge base and technical expertise, customers can mitigate risks associated with mobile devices and mobile apps. We are also enhancing our mobile solutions for consumers. We announced new updates for Norton Mobile Security for the Android platform and the availability of our Norton Tablet Security. In addition to protecting against online threats, these offerings provide advanced antitheft capabilities to remotely lock and locate a lost or stolen device. Our Norton Mobile Security offering averaged 270,000 downloads per month, an increase of 50% from the previous quarter. We expanded our OEM partnership with LG to include Norton Mobile Security and Norton Tablet Security in their smartphones and their tablet devices. Consumers will also be able to download our Norton mobile solution from the Samsung App Store. Our ongoing focus on building device and platform-independent solutions as part of our Norton Everywhere initiative has positioned us well to protect consumers anywhere they go.  In conclusion, I am pleased with the solid results we delivered in the past 6 quarters, and I expect the momentum to continue. We have laid the foundation for a continued growth in fiscal year 2013.  And with that, I'll turn the call over to James for a detailed review of our financial results.
James Beer: Thank you, Enrique, and good afternoon. Our results were driven by growth across each of our primary business segments. Continued consistent execution drove record December quarter revenue and deferred revenue as well as double-digit earnings per share growth. GAAP revenue totaled $1.715 billion, an increase of 6% versus the December 2010 quarter. The U.S. dollar weakened by approximately 1% against the euro as compared to the year ago period. Overall, foreign currency movements positively impacted revenue growth by one percentage point, driving a reported revenue growth rate of 7%. At our guided rate of $1.37 per euro, revenue would have totaled approximately $1.721 billion, above our guided range. Year-to-date, revenue has grown 8% year-over-year.  December quarter license revenue declined 1% year-over-year, while content subscription and maintenance revenue grew 8% year-over-year. Year-to-date, license revenue is up 2% and maintenance revenue is up 9% year-over-year. Subscription sales, which are made up of our consumer, authentication and cloud services businesses, accounted for 39% of total revenue, up from 37% in the year ago period. In total, subscription revenue grew 13% year-over-year. Our subscription offerings represent an increasingly significant portion of our new business growth but are not included in our license revenue line. Continued subscription growth, combined with strong maintenance renewals, increased the proportion of December quarter revenue that came off the balance sheet to 70%, up from 67% in the year ago quarter. Non-GAAP net income of $314 million grew 15% and resulted in fully diluted non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.42, up 20% from the December 2010 period. Year-to-date, EPS has grown 16% year-over-year.  The Consumer business generated December quarter revenue of $525 million, up 5% year-over-year, and benefited from our continued success in selling new products and services to consumers. These new offerings grew 78% year-over-year and accounted for 2 percentage points of revenue growth for the Consumer business in the December quarter. OEM placement fees were lower than we had originally forecast by $10 million, as our OEM partners shipped fewer PCs than expected.  Turning now to the Enterprise business. Solid sales execution continued again this quarter with large transaction counts hitting all-time highs. We generated a total of 674 transactions valued at more than $300,000 each, up 24% year-over-year, and 135 transactions valued at more than $1 million each, up 14% year-over-year. Of our deals valued at more than $300,000, 78% included multiple products.  The Security and Compliance segment generated record revenue of $511 million, up 17% year-over-year. The successful release of SEP 12 drove another quarter of growth in our Endpoint Security business, while Data Loss Prevention and Managed Security Services continued to gain share, resulting in double-digit growth. The Storage and Server Management segment generated revenue of $617 million, an increase of 3% as compared to the December 2010 quarter. Revenue from the Information Management business, which includes our backup, archiving and eDiscovery offerings, increased 10% year-over-year, driven by our differentiated deduplication and virtual machine protection features. We realized $14 million in revenue from our Clearwell acquisition, in line with our previously provided guidance for the quarter. Revenue from the Storage and Availability Management business was down 10% for the quarter and down 5% year-to-date, in line with our expectations. As Enrique mentioned, we're encouraged that our customers continue to acknowledge the strength of our products, as evidenced by our Storage Management business generating strong bookings during the December quarter. Our Services business generated revenue of $62 million, down 12% year-over-year but flat sequentially, as we continued to transition our consulting practice to specialized partners.  Turning now to total company margins. Non-GAAP gross margin was 85.7% for the December 2011 quarter, up 40 basis points from the year ago period, reflecting the transition of our consulting services to specialized partners. However, offsetting increases in cost of goods spending were driven by the success of our Appliance business, which we expect to continue going forward. Non-GAAP operating margin was 26.2%, up 220 basis points compared to the December 2010 quarter driven by ongoing expense management, improved operating leverage through revenue growth and lower-than-expected OEM fees.  Cash flow from operating activities for the December quarter totaled $403 million. We have generated operating cash flow of $1.214 billion year-to-date, an increase of 10% year-over-year. We exited the December quarter with $2.38 billion in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. During the quarter, we utilized $220 million to repurchase 13 million of our shares at an average price of $16.69. 30% of our cash balance was onshore as we exited the December quarter. We remain confident in the strength of our cash flow generation and maintain our commitment to returning value to our shareholders. With this goal in mind, our Board of Directors has approved a new $1 billion share repurchase program.  GAAP deferred revenue at the end of December 2011 was $3.67 billion, up 8% year-over-year. In the month of December, the dollar appreciated 3% against the euro, negatively impacting our reported end-of-quarter deferred revenue balance. At our guided rate of $1.37 per euro, deferred revenue would have totaled approximately $3.716 billion, above our guided range.  Now I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing our guidance for the March 2012 quarter. We are assuming an exchange rate of $1.30 per euro versus the weighted average rate of $1.37 and the end-of-period rate of $1.41 per euro in the March 2011 quarter. Our $1.30-per-euro assumption reflects a 5% decrease from our weighted average rate of $1.37 for the March 2011 quarter. As a result, foreign currency movements would decrease estimates both sequentially and year-over-year. Our guidance assumes an effective tax rate of 27.5% and a common stock equivalence total for the quarter of approximately 735 million shares. For the March 2012 quarter, we expect GAAP revenue to be in the range of $1.72 billion to $1.73 billion, as compared to revenue of $1.673 billion during the March 2011 quarter. We expect year-over-year revenue to be up 2.8% to 3.4% on an as-reported basis and 4.9% to 5.5% in constant currency. Approximately 69%, or $1.2 billion, of our March quarter revenue is estimated to come from the balance sheet.  The Clearwell business is expected to contribute between $15 million and $17 million to our March quarter revenue. GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be between $0.23 and $0.24 as compared to $0.22 in the year ago period. Non-GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be between $0.41 and $0.42 as compared to $0.38 in the year ago period, up 8% to 10% on an as-reported basis. GAAP deferred revenue is estimated to be between $3.915 billion and $3.935 billion compared to $3.82 billion at the end of March 2011. We are expecting deferred revenue to be up 2.5% to 3.0% on an as-reported basis and 4.8% to 5.3% in constant currency.  In conclusion, we are pleased with our operational execution and the solid financial performance across the business. We will continue to focus on carefully managing our expenses while driving long-term growth.  And now I'll turn it back over to Helyn so that we can start taking some of your questions.
Helyn Corcos: Thank you, James. Gwen, will you please begin polling for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Helyn Corcos: While the operator is polling for questions, I'd like to update you on a few upcoming events. We will be presenting at the Stifel Conference on February 7 and at the Morgan Stanley Conference on February 29. We will be reporting our fiscal fourth quarter results on May 2. In addition, please save the date for our Vision User Conference on May 8 and 9 in Las Vegas and our Financial Analysts Day on May 24 in San Francisco. More information regarding registration for these events will be distributed later in the quarter. For a complete list of all of our investor-related events, please visit our Events calendar on the IR website. Gwen, we're ready for our first question.
Operator: We'll take our first question from Brad Zelnick with Macquarie.
Brad A. Zelnick - Macquarie Research: Enrique, your strong large-deal metrics would suggest Symantec is becoming increasingly strategic to customers. And as we enter a new calendar year, I'd imagine you have close discussions with CIOs at some of the world's largest organizations. So I'm hoping, can you comment on how you think budgets for security and storage are shaping up in 2012?
Enrique T. Salem: When you look at the underlying trends that drive that demand, storage continues to grow at a very rapid rate. This morning, we started to do some of the work around our NetBackup and Backup Exec launch. And in some of the comments that I made this morning, Brad, we talked about growth in storage being forecast for this year close to 50%, I think I said about 48% for the year. And when you look at that growth in storage, there continues to be demand for our solutions that help customers deduplicate, better manage that whole backup environment. When you look at the current demand for our backup appliances, that continues to be robust, given that growth in information. On the other side, some of the comments I made around the strength in DLP, Managed Security Services, it's clear that people need help thinking about how do they protect their information. So even as we look at all the different news about the economy and unemployment rates and so forth, there continues to be good demand for the range of our portfolio. And my expectation is that, given what I'm seeing, is that we'll continue into this year.
Brad A. Zelnick - Macquarie Research: And, Enrique, just diving into Europe. Flat this quarter, down from growing 2% last quarter. And I think last quarter you had said that you had achieved your internal plan, and I took that to mean on a bookings basis. I know Mediterranean regions were weak last quarter, but can you maybe just give us more insight to what's happening in the region and maybe even from a bookings perspective what you're seeing there?
Enrique T. Salem: Absolutely. So we saw strong bookings across all 5 regions in Europe. We did see a little bit of weakness in a couple of Mediterranean countries. But in general, across all of the regions, bookings were strong. I was actually, to be honest, pleasantly surprised with the strength that we saw across Europe on a bookings basis.
Operator: And we'll go next to Aaron Schwartz with Jefferies.
Aaron Schwartz - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Enrique, you've talked about a number of Enterprise product releases that are starting to ripen here. As you think about those moving into your fiscal '13, how do you think about the balance between the license and the subscription growth? Do you expect that sort of balance to change at all as you focus on some new product cycles?
Enrique T. Salem: What you see happening in our business is that we're starting to get a lot more of our .cloud businesses growing at a faster rate than our on-premise offering. So when you look at .cloud, our VeriSign business, we definitely -- our MSS business, we continue to see real good growth in the subscription side of the business. Now with the new releases, of course, that will drive some new license growth. But my expectation as we look forward in this business is that subscriptions are actually going to grow faster than licenses, just given the mix and the move in the marketplace.
Aaron Schwartz - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And if I could just sneak a quick follow-up here, probably for James. But it looks like that the currency is going to have about a $35 million headwind here in the March quarter if I did my math right. Do you have an equivalent impact to the earnings side?
James Beer: In terms of EPS, I would expect that we'd be seeing a headwind somewhere of the order of $0.02 to $0.03, in that trajectory.
Operator: And we'll go next John DiFucci with JPMorgan.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Enrique, it looks like the Corporate Security business was really strong this quarter, but when I look -- I'm going to follow up to Brad's question on the storage. Because when you back out sort of the Clearwell stuff, it looks like storage was flattish again. And we saw some discontinuity from that business for several quarters, and then we saw some meaningful -- some strength for a couple of quarters, and in the last few, it's just sort of been flattish again, even with what you talk about sounds like a pretty exciting market. So if you help explain that and help to explain why we shouldn't be seeing a little bit more growth out of that on an organic basis.
Enrique T. Salem: When you look at the Core Storage Management business, what we saw in the quarter was strong bookings performance. And as you know, that takes time to roll into the P&L, into revenue. And so my expectation is that we are continuing to see improvements over the last 3 or 4 quarters in that business. I look at what's happening on the non-Solaris platforms. For example, on Red Hat and Linux, we definitely are seeing good demand for our products, and we're working very closely with both Red Hat and with VMware on how do we continue to extend the Storage Management business onto those platforms to increase our overall penetration. And I see that is a trend that's going to continue as we look forward.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So is it the Solaris business? I mean, because for a while there, it looks like Oracle was spending a lot more time and probably money on marketing their high-end Storage business or the Sun high-end Storage business. But it looked like maybe it was helping a little bit, but is that sort of falling a little bit by the wayside at this point?
Enrique T. Salem: What you see happening in the Solaris business is it's becoming a smaller percentage of our total business as the other platforms continue to grow. The moves towards the non-Solaris platforms is definitely, as a total percentage, just increasing every quarter for probably the last 8 quarters, if not longer, and I expect that trend to continue. And we've got a number of initiatives that should continue to accelerate that trend. So it's more that the percentage or mix of our business is changing away from Solaris. And definitely, this -- Solaris is not a growth platform for us.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And I'm sorry, just one quick follow-up, because you said the bookings were strong, and that's good to hear. And, yes, we understand that oftentimes it's recognized ratably, but that's usually the maintenance. Is there something else going on, too, where you're just selling capacity deals and you're recognizing that over time versus like a licensed component upfront?
James Beer: No, nothing changing in terms of the types of deal constructs that we're entering into around storage management.
Operator: And we'll go next to Adam Holt with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: This is actually Keith Weiss sitting in for Adam Holt. I was wondering if you can talk about margins for a little bit. Maybe start with your gross margin line. It sounds like a lot of the fast-growing growth initiatives are stuff like the Appliance business, the Managed Services business, .cloud, areas that perhaps are at lower gross margins than some of your more traditional businesses. How should we think about that gross margin line on a going-forward basis and as these elements start to really take off within your P&L?
James Beer: Yes. Well, as I've mentioned in my prepared remarks, in the December quarter, the year-over-year benefit of the gross margin line percentage-wise is being driven by the fact that we have fewer consulting services activities this period, December, versus the year ago period. Now we're starting to get towards lapping that type of an effect. And so that will start to mitigate as a driver of gross margin in the coming quarters. Now going in the other direction, we've talked about the success of our Appliances business. As we continue to ramp up the scale of that business, then that will tend to lower gross margins somewhat. So I think we'll probably be expecting to see a reversal of the gross margin trajectory driven by the success of the appliances.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And what impact will the services businesses have on that? Are those going to be an overall margin drag like the .cloud businesses and the managed services business?
James Beer: Well, at the operating line, the operating margin line, what we talked about back at Analyst Day now is that, as we continue to grow, scale these higher-growth, currently smaller businesses like MSS, hosted service offerings, then, yes, that will have something of an impact on margins. But obviously, we're very pleased as to the progress we've made in developing those businesses. We see a lot more growth opportunity in them coming down the track in the next few years. And so as we scale them, then their margin contribution will improve.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. And then maybe if I could get one follow-up in just on operating margins, particularly the impact from the consumer margins. You've seen some nice year-on-year improvements in consumer margins. You were talking about on the call earlier how weaker PC shipments had positively impacted or reduced your OEM fees. Going forward as we look into maybe past Q4 and going into the back half of 2012, some people, including ourselves, are expecting Windows 8 to come out. You have the possibility of the PC shipping cycle ramping back up. How should we be thinking about consumer margins and the impact on overall operating margins as we start to look out a quarter or 2 in a potentially better PC shipping environment?
James Beer: Well, in terms of the December quarter, we saw OEM fees down around $8 million year-over-year, so that's driving about 0.5 point of margin at the operating line. And I would expect directionally that type of an effect in the March quarter. Now beyond that, obviously hard to say exactly how PC unit shipments are going to respond to the various market forces that you're referring to in your question. But that's what we see for the immediate term.
Operator: And we'll go next to Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just wondering, Enrique, if you could talk on the backup side. You have a couple things going on there. You have the new appliances. It's my understanding that your NetBackup business sort of -- or your Backup Exec business sort of runs with server unit shipments, which have been weakening. And you also mentioned share gains in that market, which the overall growth rate in that business wouldn't necessarily point to share gains. I'm wondering if you could just help kind of pick apart the drivers there and help us understand what's the headwind and what's the tailwind for you in that business.
Enrique T. Salem: When we look at the opportunity, it absolutely is focused on people rearchitecting how they do data protection. The volumes of data that are out there right now and the growth rate is not allowing people to successfully complete backup of all the critical data in a traditional way. So what they're having to do is drive rearchitecture, which is saying they have to use new technologies, such as deduplication. The second aspect that's driving it is, as they move to more virtualized servers, you're also seeing a need to use updated or new technologies that are more efficient at backing up a virtualized server. So you've got a rearchitecture going on in data protection. The other thing that's happening is, because data and information is so critical in so many different processes, you're also seeing people having the need to keep some of that data more accessible or online using technologies like archiving. And then lastly, because of the legal issues around the discovery process, you're seeing them have to add new techniques and methodologies around the discovery process. And by the way, this is being done now both on-premise and in the cloud. So you look at that, and what you've got is a real rearchitecture of how you think about data protection, Information Management and so forth, so that rearchitecture really creates, in my opinion, a tailwind for us as they think through how do they get ahead of this problem. When you think about the other side of it, obviously, what we do every day is we have to continue to drive innovation. And so a number of the new capabilities that we're delivering into the marketplace with the new Backup launch are that improved support for virtual environments, improved deduplication rates, doing deduplication everywhere, from the client to the data center. And so there's a lot of opportunity for innovation in that market, and so we're continuing to do that. The only thing that I think about is over time, and we've talked about this, is we are going to move to more appliances. Our Appliance business keeps doing very well, and that will put a little bit of pressure on our margins. And so it's just a different cost structure than an enterprise software license. But from a market health, from a competitive perspective on the capabilities that we have, I feel very good about that. And then the only thing, the only headwind that I'm worried about right now is really the -- with the pressure on the margins.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then just on the PCs, on the consumer side, you mentioned the OEM fees down. Just trying to get a sense, is your new business in the consumer space growing? I understand you guys have always been a great company at driving the installed base to higher-priced products and so forth and selling them services and so forth. But on the new business, is that a growth business right now? Or is the PC headwind just too big of a headwind to make that -- to allow that consumer business to attract more new business?
James Beer: Yes, I'd say that component of the consumer business is pretty close to the flat line.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, but flat new business is roughly what you're seeing?
James Beer: Yes, that's right.
Enrique T. Salem: And so the benefit that we're seeing, as you touched on it, is because of our ability to better target customers and with our new e-commerce platform and then also adding the new Services set, products like Online Backup, products like Ultimate Help Desk, they are absolutely being used and adopted. And that drove 2 percentage points of growth in consumer in the last quarter. And we -- as I look forward and I look to the next year and the following year, I expect that those new services will continue to drive an increasing percentage of the growth of that business.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Philip Winslow with Crdit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Enrique, I just want to dig into just the go-to-market side here. Just want to get a sense of how you feel about just a direct sales productivity but also just a word of where you guys stand in terms of just channels, partnerships and if there's anything we should look at going forward to improve that. And then also just along the lines, obviously, there's been a lot of focus on this call just on OEM fees and cost of service. But when you think about driving leverage long term in this model, where should, call it the OpEx as a percentage of revenue come down the most? Is it in sales as productivity improves? R&D? G&A? How should we think about that?
Enrique T. Salem: Sure. Let's start with the first part. When we look at the sales force and sales productivity, I'm very pleased with the progress we're making across the Enterprise segments. When I look at the large deal productivity, the metric -- I think James gave 135 deals over $1 million. When I look at the cross-selling, where 41% of the deals include products from both our security business and our Storage and Server Management business, we absolutely are being able to articulate a vision that says to customers the range of our products can help you deal with your information growth and information security problems. And so sales force productivity has continued to improve over the last 3 years. At the last Analyst Day, Bill Robbins talked about some metrics around expense to bookings, expense to billings, and my expectation is that, that metric should continue to improve, not just this year, but again next year. And I expect that to continue the year after that. And so as you know, we've been working over, I would say, probably the last 5 years to continue to improve that metric, and I expect it to continue. So now, coming into your second part of your question, some of the improvements in expansion and margin will come from continued improvements in sales, but I actually believe we'll see improvements across all parts of the business. I think there's improvements in every line of the P&L, and that gives me great confidence that over the next several years, we'll continue to be able to drive margin improvement each year. Obviously, I want to make sure that some of the improvement comes from top line growth, but we're absolutely going to drive better cost management, cost containment, which we've been doing over the last several years, and I expect that to continue.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Enrique, the number of deals over $300,000 has accelerated every quarter as a growth rate. And I'm just curious, are you seeing longer-term Enterprise agreements getting signed where, to your point, they're staying in [ph] 41% from both sides? But are you now locking customers up for longer periods and therefore giving you much better revenue visibility going forward as well?
Enrique T. Salem: Brent, I haven't seen a change in the length of the contracts that we're signing. I think it stayed pretty consistent over the last several quarters. What you are seeing, as we increase the deals at all of the metrics, we gave $300,000 and $1 million, is you are seeing us be able to bring more of the portfolio into each of those agreements. And my expectation, now that we've brought in technologies like Clearwell and LiveOffice, for example, when we are selling a backup solution or an archiving solution, my expectation is that we'll actually be able to sell a much broader set of capabilities. And so that would put upward pressure on our deal size. Because instead of just buying Archiving, we're going to show you a compelling reason why you should buy our Archiving and our Discovery. And now we've got the market-leading Discovery technology that makes it a easier or a better discussion. And as we further integrate eDiscovery with archiving and backup, I expect that will just make it even better from a large-deal metric perspective.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Enrique, if you could just bring us up to speed on the storage market, just the competitive dynamics you're seeing in some of these new technologies that are coming to market, how that's changing your approach.
Enrique T. Salem: Brent, when you think about storage, are you thinking the Storage and Availability Management or the Backup side? How do you...
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Storage.
Enrique T. Salem: Okay, what we're seeing in Storage is the continued move to virtualization and the continued move to people looking at the Linux platform and moving mission-critical workloads onto the Linux platform. So our expectation is, as we bring some of the new technologies that do high availability on a virtualized environment, like our AppHA, that will continue to gain traction in the marketplace. When they move to non-Solaris platforms, what's happening is they're still relying on us for the robust and the high availability. And so I expect that, that will continue. As far as new technologies, we're at the forefront of file system performance, at the forefront of clustering technologies. We're showing people right now how they can more effectively build their private clouds using our technology. I was just in our Executive briefing center yesterday, and one of the things that's resonating very well with customers is we're saying, "Look, use the existing infrastructure you have, your storage infrastructure, your computing infrastructure more effectively." When you're trying to build that private cloud, what you're really trying to do is get better utilization of all of your IT resources, not just your hardware assets, but also your people assets. And so using our technologies, we're able to show customers how we use the file system and clustering technologies to build out that private cloud in a highly scalable, highly cost-effective way. And so we absolutely believe that we're positioning ourselves well as people try to build out their private cloud infrastructure.
Operator: We'll go next to Jonathan Ho with William Blair.
Jonathan Ho - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just starting out with the DLP business, can you give us a little bit more color on how that performed this quarter and maybe where you see the opportunity for that to grow as a portion of the business over time?
Enrique T. Salem: Yes. What we see is that the DLP business has been a catalyst for building our relationship with the CISOs. If you look at the product portfolio, products like control compliance were also helping us there. But DLP has changed the relationship that we have with the CISO, because that information that they get from their DLP product is being shared broadly with the minds of business leaders so that they understand the risks and the exposure that a business has. So my expectation is that DLP will be used broadly across the enterprise, and it will also start moving below what I would call the Large Enterprise segment into the Enterprise segment and, potentially, the higher end of the mid-market. The other thing that we're doing with DLP this quarter is we're delivering our DLP for tablets, which has been in very high demand because people are using more. I think you saw yesterday in iPad numbers where I think there were 15 million iPads sold in the December quarter, and a number of those iPads end up in the enterprise. And so customers are absolutely looking forward to the ability to use our DLP technology on their tablet devices. As far as the other part of your question, James, do you want to talk about the...
James Beer: Well, in terms of revenue growth, DLP had another good double-digit year-over-year growth quarter.
Jonathan Ho - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Fantastic. Just talking a little bit about the Clearwell acquisition and integration efforts with your existing solutions, are you seeing more demand for these suite-based solutions? And is there anybody else out there that can potentially offer something competitive? Or do you think this is a real opportunity for you guys to offer a solution-based approach to really dominate the segment?
Enrique T. Salem: What customers tell me all the time is they don't want to be systems integrators. They want Symantec to deliver integrated solutions. And the more we can build the complete offering in data protection, the more interest and demand we get. And that's why we're seeing such good performance from our Appliance business, because customer previously were buying the backup software, they were buying deduplication hardware and they were buying the media server, all separately. What we're able to do with our 5240 appliances is integrate all of that. So then when you extend it to the other components of our data protection suite, our goal is to continue to bring in the other components. We absolutely have differentiated technology date [ph]. Clearwell is the market leader in eDiscovery; LiveOffice, best-in-class, hosted archiving technology; NetBackup, market leader in backup software. We put all that together in one integrated solution, I think you're absolutely right, that should start distancing us from the competition, because no one has the market-leading, best-of-breed technologies in the different areas that I've described. And so I'm very bullish on the prospects for all of our data protection capabilities. And as we further integrate them, I think that business will continue to perform very well for us.
Operator: And we'll go next to Robert Breza with RBC Capital Markets.
Robert P. Breza - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Enrique, just as you look at the consumer business and obviously the consumer PC shipment numbers that are out there, obviously, it looks like there's another quarter or 2 as we try to rebuild the inventory. Can you talk to us how you see the kind of the next 6 to 9 months performing in the consumer business and how we should think about that trending?
Enrique T. Salem: Obviously, we're keeping an eye on what's happening with the supply chain in the PC marketplace, which is just another headwind in the overall PC growth rate. I absolutely don't expect any kind of turnaround in PC shipments until we get through probably to the Windows 8 launch. And what we're always doing, then, is saying how do we continue to build our business so that it's less dependent on the numbers of PC units that are being shipped? And that's been something that's not a new process for Symantec. It's something that we've been working on for some time. And so we continue to add new services. We're reviewing proposals for some of the new capabilities. I commented that we're seeing more and more downloads of our Norton Mobile Security for Android. And so my expectation is that the core PC software side is going to benefit for our ability to cross-sell other components of our portfolio, upsell to the higher price points. But I don't expect that -- as James commented on a previous question, I don't expect to see an uptick in PC units, and so new customer acquisition will be relatively stable. I expect the opportunity to be in these other services as we go beyond the PC. So my expectation is we'll continue to track the consumer business, definitely a headwind in PCs, definitely a headwind on the -- in the -- going beyond the PC and a headwind because of the supply chain. But I think we just need to continue to build our business around some of the other new services that the consumer businesses continue to add.
Robert P. Breza - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Maybe as a follow-up for James. James, could you help us out a little bit on the tax rate further out? I know you mentioned for next quarter, 27.5%. I think more or less, the street's a little bit higher from a tax rate perspective as we look out. I mean, do you think that tax rates stay stable around the 27.5%? Or do you think it will be ticking up going forward?
James Beer: Well, directionally, we think of the tax rate at around 28%, a little bit north of that. And then there are obviously different onetime items that tend to come up each quarter that land us on the published rate along with each quarterly set of results. So I wouldn't expect any change from that sort of 28%, 28.5% type base rate, if you will.
Operator: We will go next to Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Chaitanya Yaramada - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: This is Chaitanya Yaramada sitting in for Steve Ashley. So the SEP 12 looks to have been a successful launch. Could you provide some color maybe around the actual revenue or bookings growth during the quarter? And how much of the business is tied to Enterprise? Was this mid and small business? And any color on the uptake? And maybe any difference in the uptake of the product in each of the segments would be helpful.
Enrique T. Salem: You're absolutely right on how well SEP is doing. I mean, 3 million people have already installed it. It's the best adoption we've seen. The team, quite frankly, hit the ball out of the park with the quality of this release, and so I couldn't be happier. And the feedback I've reported over the last several quarters initially came from our partners, and now it's coming from customers, where that product is absolutely the best-in-class anti-malware protection product on the market. So our team did a great job there. What we're also seeing, though, is, and I've commented that given the work to integrate McAfee into Intel, we're also seeing opportunity to displace and gain share across segments against McAfee. And so we're feeling very encouraged by that. I don't know that we -- we don't break out the Endpoint Security business revenue, but what I am seeing is very good improvement in that business where it was flat to declining previously. And we're definitely seeing a more stability and growth in that business as a result of the last couple of quarters. And so I expect that to continue, and I'm confident that the new product is really the best product on the market.
James Beer: Just one other fact in service of the adoption of SEP 12. This time a quarter ago, we had 1.3 million installations. As Enrique says, now we're over 3 million. So it's a fast acceleration rate.
Chaitanya Yaramada - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And any comments on the take-up in the SMB market?
Enrique T. Salem: We definitely see opportunity there. As you know, we created a new group focused on this segment. We are driving a number of new initiatives. One of the most encouraging components of that segment is not just the on premise, but the opportunity with our Symantec Endpoint Protection .cloud business where we're seeing it easier for customers to use that product in that segment. And so my expectation is we're going to continue to see improvements over the next several quarters on a bookings basis in the SMB segment. The focus, the product and the flexibility that we offer with .cloud I think is going to bode well for that business.
Operator: And we'll go next to Shaul Eyal with Oppenheimer & Co.
Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Enrique, sticking on -- you just mentioned McAfee and some market share dynamics. Can you expand a little bit about what's happening on the consumer front. Potentially some new commerce could be making it to the public markets soon. What's happening on that front? Any change?
Enrique T. Salem: Shaul, say the last part of your question, any change with the public market...
Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: With -- kind of with market dynamics on the consumer front.
Enrique T. Salem: Yes. I would tell you that what we see is, our core business and the new products, again, this is something we'd -- as we drive the consistency in execution, what we're seeing is better products and better sales execution. And ultimately, I am convinced that our Norton products, the 2012 products, are the absolute best products on the market. So what that does is that starts having a positive effect not only on how do we bring customers in, but also on keeping customers happy. And we look at the metrics from what we call our customer loyalty or Net Promoter Score, and that business continues to lead the pack as far as the best customer loyalty. Now you are seeing the continued move at the lower end of the market to what we call the freemium, from freemium vendors. And they continue to be out there. I would tell you that, as I look at data that we have available, some of those vendors are struggling with some of their monetization models, and I expect that they're going to continue to struggle going forward, because their business model is going to get challenged as they try to upsell to some of the services, because we've got a better market position with better services, and I'm convinced that we'll be able to effectively compete with anybody who is offering a freemium product. As you know, there's probably a couple of them that are going to try to go public, and it will be interesting to see. As they disclose how they're generating revenue, and some of them already have, I think it will become pretty clear that there's going to be some headwinds that they're going to face going forward, and I think we're going to be a driver of some of those headwinds.
Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: James, quickly on the cash flow, healthy at $403 million, but I think kind of slightly below what the street was expecting. Is that kind of timing -- that's a timing reason?
James Beer: Yes. Obviously, cash flow tends to be more volatile between one period or another. The last few quarters, we've been comfortably ahead. And so that's just particularly why I reemphasize year-to-date cash flow from operations having grown 10%.
Helyn Corcos: Gwen, that was -- I think that's all the time we have at this point.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back to Enrique Salem for closing remarks.
Enrique T. Salem: Well, I'm pleased with our team's execution and solid results for the sixth consecutive quarter. Thank you for joining us this afternoon, and I definitely look forward to speaking with you again soon.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q2  (2011-10-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Enrique T. Salem - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director James Beer - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Helyn Corcos - Vice President of Investors Relations
Analysts: Dennis Simson - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Adam H. Holt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Brian Freed - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division Danyaal Farooqui Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Rob D. Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Brad A. Zelnick - Macquarie Research Unknown Analyst -  James Wesman
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Symantec's Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Helyn Corcos, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Helyn Corcos: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our call to discuss fiscal second quarter 2012 financial result. With me today are Enrique Salem, Symantec's President and CEO; and James Beer, Symantec's Executive Vice President and CFO. In a moment, I will turn the call over to Enrique. He will discuss Symantec's execution during the quarter, then James will highlight our financial results as well as discuss our guidance assumptions as outlined in the press release. This will be followed by a question-and-answer session.  Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay on Symantec's Investor Relations website. A copy of today's press release and supplemental financial information are posted on our website. And a copy of today's prepared remarks will be available on the website shortly after the call is completed.  Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that we will review our financial results focusing on year-over-year constant currency growth rates, unless otherwise stated. Net income, EPS and sequential growth rates are based on as-reported results.  For the September 2011 quarter, the actual weighted average exchange rate was $1.41 per euro, and the end-of-period rate was $1.34 per euro compared to our guided rate of $1.43 per euro. For the September 2010 quarter, the actual weighted average rate was $1.30 per euro, and the end-of-period rate was $1.38 per euro. We've included a summary of the year-over-year constant currency and actual growth rates in our press release tables and in our supplemental information, which can be accessed on the Investor Relations website.  Some of the information discussed on this call, including our projections regarding revenue, operating results, deferred revenue, cash flow from operations, amortization of acquisition-related intangibles and stock-based compensation for the coming quarter contain forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks and uncertainties and may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the statement. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties can be found in the company's most recent periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Symantec assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. In addition to reporting financial results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP, Symantec reports non-GAAP financial results. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP results, which can be found in the press release and on our website.  And now, I'd like to introduce our CEO, Mr. Enrique Salem.
Enrique T. Salem: Thank you, Helen, and good afternoon, everyone. For the fifth quarter in a row, the team executed very well, delivering solid September quarter results. We generated record September revenue and deferred revenue. Performance was balanced across our business segments and geographies. Results were largely driven by strength in enterprise security, backup and Consumer. The VeriSign authentication business generated strong growth for the fifth consecutive quarter. In addition, the Clearwell acquisition completed its first full quarter, posting its largest bookings quarter ever and exceeding expectations.  Now let's take a closer look at some of the highlights from the quarter. Focused sales execution, coupled with industry-leading products, drove solid results in each region. Both the Americas and APJ regions grew double digits, and the growth in EMEA met expectations. Our public sector business generated record bookings this quarter as we closed several competitive wins. We are successfully cross-selling the product portfolio with 43% of our September quarter deals over $1 million, including sales from both enterprise product segments. Sales of Data Loss Prevention and backup solutions drove license revenue growth for the third consecutive quarter.  Our enterprise security business generated another quarter of growth, reflecting improvement in the Endpoint Security business and strong performance for our Managed Security Services, Authentication and Data Loss Prevention businesses. Since the July launch of Symantec Endpoint Protection 12, the product has been successfully deployed on more than 1.3 million end points. I'm pleased with both the level of quality and effectiveness the solution provides for both virtual and physical environments. Early customer and partner feedback for both the enterprise and small business editions has been very positive. Recently, at our annual partner conference, several partners commented that the product is easy to deploy, and their customers have had 0 infections since installing the product due to SEP 12's new, innovative, reputation-based security technology. Partners serving the SMB segment in the U.S. and Canada are also excited about the ability to sell SEP.cloud for end customers' choice in deploying our security solutions.  The Managed Security Services business had another quarter of strong double-digit revenue and bookings growth. Customers are increasingly relying on our security expertise to protect their environments and information as many struggle to meet the IT staffing needs they require to confidently respond to new and emerging threats. Our Data Loss Prevention business posted strong double-digit growth as information protection continues to be top of mind for corporations and governments around the world. We've been a leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for 6 years, making us the clear choice when CSOs [ph] evaluate DLP solutions. Further extending our leadership we'll be delivering the industry's first content aware DLP solution for tablets in early 2012.  Our Authentication business had another strong quarter as we continue to reap the benefits of leveraging Symantec's distribution channel for SSL and user authentication solutions. The SSL install base grew double digits for the fifth consecutive quarter as we increased our lead in both the premium and value segments. In addition, our cloud-based user authentication solution, known as VIP, had its best quarter ever. VIP is cost effective for customers and delivers strong authentication service that's allowing us to win competitive deals.  Our enterprise mobility strategy is focused on unifying identity, information and device-independent protection. We continue to make progress in helping our customers manage the increased adoption of smartphones, tablets and other mobile devices in the enterprise. We launched Symantec Mobile Management 7.1, which now extends native controls to activate, secure and manage Apple iOS devices. Symantec Mobile Management 7.1 is a natural extension to Symantec's client management suite.  Moving on to our Information Management business, our backup solutions once again realized strong revenue growth as we continue to take share. Growth in this business is being driven by the ongoing adoption of our deduplication and virtualization capabilities. In addition, the V-Ray technology embedded in our backup products continues to differentiate us from the competition, allowing IT administrators increased visibility in the backup images across physical and virtual environments. Customer adoption of our NetBackup Appliances is growing as we have integrated backup, deduplication and the media server into a single offering, making it easier to deploy our solution and reduce total cost of ownership. Over the past 6 months, we sold more than twice as many appliances as compared to all of last year.  In August, we expanded our appliances into the SMB segment. Our Backup Exec Appliance is the first SMB backup clients [ph] which integrated client and target data deduplication for protecting virtual and physical machines. And for those customers who prefer a backup solution in the cloud, we launched Backup Exec.cloud. This SaaS-based solution is ideal for small businesses or remote offices with easy-to-use online backup and recovery, allowing customers to automatically protect their information on desktops and servers.  The Clearwell e-Discovery team, working with Symantec's Federal team, signed the largest deal in its history, driving their results above our original expectations in the September quarter. The team has done an outstanding job of integrating sales, operations and product development. As expected, Clearwell's e-Discovery solution complements our archiving capabilities. Customers value our ability to get relevant information to the right people while reducing the need for high-cost manual discovery.  Our storage and availability management business met our expectations this quarter, driven by customer demand for centralized management across Linux, Windows and UNIX platforms. Customers transitioning to non-UNIX-based environments are realizing that managing multiple point tools is costly, inefficient and ineffective. Our solutions help customers deal with this challenge, allowing them to adopt new platforms while maintaining their service levels and reducing storage costs and operational complexity. Customers are increasingly adopting our ApplicationHA solution for managing critical applications in virtualized environments.  Earlier this month, customers got a glimpse of how Symantec can help transform their IT infrastructure with the upcoming 6.0 release of Storage Foundation and Cluster Server. With this upcoming release, we expect to enable IT organizations to use their existing infrastructure to build and manage resilient private clouds that's in multiple virtualization technologies, operating systems and storage platforms. We expect this release to help us further stabilize this business and attract new customers while grappling with the challenge of having to do more with less.  Our Consumer Business generated a solid quarter of high single-digit revenue growth, driven by our strong, multichannel relationships, improvements in renewal rates via our eStore and the quality of our products and services. The consumer team has delivered consistent growth for the past 3 years. We signed more than 20 new deals worldwide across OEMs, service providers and alternative channels. We had a competitive win at Samsung to provide Norton Internet Security and Norton Online Backup on their laptops and notebooks. We expanded our partnership with AOL to offer Norton Online Backup to a majority of their paid subscribers starting this fall.  During the quarter, we continued to extend our security leadership with the release of the Norton 2012 products, which have once again set the industry bar for the best protection and performance. Our new products received PC Magazine Editors' Choice and CNET's top award. In total, Norton has won more than twice as many awards as our closest competitors combined. As part of the 2012 release, it is now possible for consumers to remotely manage their Norton products and subscriptions on multiple computers, all from a central location. In addition, we announced Norton One, which will be the industry's first personalized service that will protect consumers across multiple devices and platforms, including Windows, Mac and Android. This offering is expected to be available in the first half of 2012.  As part of our Norton Everywhere initiative, we extended our mobile offerings with Norton Mobile Security Light, Norton Tablet Security and Norton Anti-Theft. Since the launch of Norton Mobile Security Light, the premium version of our mobile security solution, we've averaged 170,000 downloads per month. These new products seamlessly combine antitheft features with powerful anti-malware capabilities, giving users improved protection in the event their phone is lost, stolen or compromised. In addition to these new mobile offerings, we have several products already in the market, including Norton Mobile Security, Norton DNS and Norton Online Family for Android and iOS.  In conclusion, we have executed well against our FY '12 plan, delivering strong results in the first half of the year. We've been able to effectively integrate and grow our acquisitions consistently, and customers are embracing the value propositions we offer across our portfolio. And with that, I'll turn the call over to James for a detailed review of our financial results.
James Beer: Thank you, Enrique, and good afternoon. In the second quarter, we once again achieved solid results driven by growth in bookings across all geographies and business segments. Our consistent execution drove record September quarter revenue and deferred revenue, as well as double-digit earnings per share growth. GAAP revenue totaled $1.68 billion, an increase of 9% versus the September 2010 quarter. The U.S. dollar weakened 8% against the euro as compared to the year-ago period. Overall, foreign currency movements positively impacted revenue growth by 5 percentage points.  License revenue grew 1% year-over-year, driven by strong performance in backup and Data Loss Prevention. Content, subscription and maintenance revenue continued to grow, up 11% year-over-year. Increasing subscription sales from our Consumer, Software-as-a-Service and Authentication businesses accounted for 39% of total revenue, up from 35% in the year-ago period. Non-GAAP net income of $295 million grew 11% and resulted in fully diluted non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.39, up 15% from the September 2010 period.  The Consumer business delivered its 12th consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth, generating revenue of $531 million, up 9% year-over-year. If we exclude the impact of a 2010 onetime charge of $10 million, year-over-year revenue growth was 7%. Our new product and service offerings grew 52% and contributed 2 percentage points of revenue growth to the Consumer business. In the September quarter, OEM placement fees were higher than we originally forecast as our OEM partners increased their PC shipment volumes ahead of our expectations. In addition, it's important to note that OEM PC shipments are historically higher during the second half of our fiscal year with shipments and, therefore, OEM fees peaking in the December quarter.  Turning now to the enterprise business. Solid sales execution continued again this quarter. We generated a total of 373 transactions valued at more than $300,000 each, up 17% year-over-year, and 56 transactions valued at more than $1 million, in line with our seasonal expectations. Of our deals valued at more than $300,000, 72% included multiple products.  The Security and Compliance segment generated revenue of $483 million, up 22% year-over-year. This performance was driven by growth in our Endpoint Security business with the successful release of SEP 12 as well as the continued strength of Data Loss Prevention and Managed Security Services. The VeriSign authentication business continued to perform well, generating revenue of $89 million in the September quarter. The Storage and Server Management segment generated revenue of $605 million, an increase of 4% as compared to the September 2010 quarter. Revenue from the Information Management business, which includes our backup and archiving offerings, increased 11% year-over-year, driven by our differentiated deduplication and virtual machine protection features. In addition, we realized $20 million in revenue from our Clearwell acquisition, well above our expectations, due in part to a large federal deal that was not in our original forecast. Revenue from the storage and availability management business was down 7% for the quarter and down 2% for the first half of fiscal year 2012, in line with our expectations. Our services business generated revenue of $62 million as we continued to transition our consulting practice to specialized partners.  Turning now to total company margins. Non-GAAP gross margin was 85.8% for the September 2011 quarter, up 10 basis points from the year-ago period. Non-GAAP operating margin was 25.5%, down 40 basis points compared to the September 2010 quarter, in line with our expectations.  Cash flow from operating activities for the September quarter totaled $308 million. We generated operating cash flow of $811 million for the first half of fiscal 2012, an increase of 26% year-over-year. We exited the September quarter with $2.25 billion in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. During the quarter, we utilized $275 million to repurchase 16 million of our shares at an average price of $17.30. 32% of our cash balance was on shore in the U.S. as we exited the September quarter.  GAAP deferred revenue at the end of September 2011 was $3.45 billion, up 11% year-over-year. In the month of September, the dollar appreciated 7% against the euro, negatively impacting our reported end-of-quarter deferred revenue balance. At our guided rate of $1.43 per euro, deferred revenue would have totaled approximately $3.5 billion, at the high end of our guided range.  Now I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing our guidance for the December 2011 quarter. We are assuming an exchange rate of $1.37 per euro versus the weighted average rate of $1.35 and the end-of-period rate of $1.33 per euro in the December 2010 quarter. Our $1.37 per euro assumption reflects a 3% decrease from our weighted average rate of $1.41 for the September 2011 quarter. As a result, foreign currency movements would decrease estimates sequentially but provide a modest tailwind during the December quarter year-over-year.  Our guidance assumes an effective tax rate of 28% and a common stock equivalent total for the quarter for approximately 745 million shares. Thus, for the December 2011 quarter, we expect GAAP revenue to be in the range of $1.7 billion to $1.715 billion as compared to revenue of $1.604 billion during the December 2010 quarter. We expect year-over-year revenue to be up 6% to 7% on an as-reported basis. 71%, or $1.2 billion, of our December quarter revenue is estimated to come from the balance sheet. The Clearwell business is expected to contribute between $13 million and $17 million to our December quarter revenue.  GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be between $0.25 and $0.26 as compared to $0.17 in the year-ago period. Non-GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be between $0.40 and $0.41 as compared to $0.35 in the year-ago period, up 14% to 17% on an as-reported basis.  As previously mentioned, we expect $0.005 of dilution as a result of our Clearwell acquisition during the quarter. In addition, U.S. GAAP accounting dictates that we no longer recognize quarterly losses from our joint venture now that the JV's cumulative losses exceed our original investments. The impact of this accounting requirement is reflected in our earnings per share guidance for the December quarter.  GAAP deferred revenue is estimated to be between $3.685 billion and $3.705 billion compared to $3.408 billion at the end of December 2010. We are expecting deferred revenue to be up 8% to 9% on an as-reported basis.  In conclusion, we are pleased with our execution and the solid performance across all of our geographies, segments and financial metrics. We will continue to focus on carefully managing our expenses while driving long-term growth and free cash flow generation. And now I'll turn it back over to Helen so we can start taking some of your questions
Helyn Corcos: Thank you, James. Gwen, will you please begin polling for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Helyn Corcos: While the operator is polling for questions, I'd like to update you on a few upcoming events. We will be presenting at the UBS Conference on November 15 in New York, the Crdit Suisse Conference on November 29 in Phoenix and the NASDAQ Investor Program on December 7 in London. Lastly, we'll be reporting our fiscal third quarter results on January 25. For a complete list of our investor-related events, please visit the Events section of the Investor Relations website. Gwen, we're ready for our first question.
Operator: We'll take our first question from Brad Zelnick with Macquarie.
Brian Freed - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Enrique, specifically on the Consumer business, it's great to see this kind of acceleration. I was hoping maybe you can give us a little bit more visibility to what it looks like on a bookings perspective. Just especially in light of what we're seeing with PC growth, the results are much stronger than we had expected. And also, if you can comment on the contribution from nontraditional products.
Enrique T. Salem: Yes, brad, thanks for the comments on the quarter. We're obviously pleased with our ability to consistently deliver against our guidance. What I was going to comment on was as you look at the PC business, the Consumer team just continues to deliver the best products on the market. I mean, it's evident from their ability to consistently win awards that people love what we're doing as far as the overall solution. And so what that's doing is it's allowing us to do a much better job of not only bringing in new customers over a range of channels, but it's also allowing us to get -- improving our renewal rates. A lot of that's being driven by the work we've done around the eStore where we can be much more effective at targeting the renewal with the appropriate offers, the appropriate price points and so forth. The other thing that's going on, and you heard in James' comments, that we did see good -- better shipments of OEM units into the call -- into the back-to-school/holiday season or the beginnings of the holiday season. And so my expectation is that while we'll continue to see pressure on the overall PC business given people diversifying to other nontraditional devices, we expect that this will be fairly common or as expected given the work that we've done. The other thing I did say in my comments was Janice's team has done a really good job of extending the number of new products that we're shipping on non-PC platforms: our Norton One initiative, some of the work we've done with Norton Everywhere and then some of the new mobile solutions. So we're getting nice distribution beyond our traditional PC products. You specifically asked how much of our revenue came from the non-PC products. And that is approximately 2% at this point of the total business that we're generating in Consumer.
James Beer: Well, 2 points of the growth...
Enrique T. Salem: Two points of the growth, that's right.
James Beer: Came from the traditional businesses.
Enrique T. Salem: Nontraditional.
James Beer: Yes, oh, the nontraditional businesses. That equates to about 4% or so of the overall consumer revenue.
Brad A. Zelnick - Macquarie Research: That's helpful color. If I could just ask a follow-up for James. James, just on margins, if I recall back to Financial Analyst Day, your guidance on margins at the time was for where the Street was at pre-Clearwell. So I think that was 26.3%. Looking at the first half, I think we're a little bit behind. And I haven't been able to run through all of your details on guidance, but I'm not sure that Q3 is much better than what we saw this quarter. I just want to know if your guidance from Financial Analyst Day still holds and if I've got that right.
James Beer: Well, you're right that at analyst day, we talked about 26.3%, and then the 0.2-point adjustment for Clearwell, bringing us down to 26.1%. So that's the discussion that we've had on operating margins. And we're continuing to go quarter-by-quarter to meet that goal.
Operator: And We'll take our next question from Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Danyaal Farooqui: It's Danyaal for Walter. Enrique, you mentioned that Europe met expectations. Could you give any more granular detail on country level?
Enrique T. Salem: Yes, I'll give you a couple of thoughts. We grew 11%, as reported, 2% on constant currency basis. And what we saw was Central Europe continued to perform well, and we did see a little bit of weakness in the Mediterranean countries in the September quarter.
Danyaal Farooqui: Anything on Europe? I mean, anything on U.K., sorry?
Enrique T. Salem: Yes, yes. So as far as the U.K., we performed as expected. It was probably a little better than it's been. We had seen about 1 year ago a little bit of weakness in the public sector in the U.K. but definitely seemed a little more stable with a bit of improvement.
Danyaal Farooqui: Got it, okay. And then just one more. How much are you benefiting from bringing eCommerce in-house? Is there a way you could kind of quantify it and -- or tell me or tell us how much of financial benefit you've had this quarter for Consumer?
Enrique T. Salem: At this point, we're -- the -- because the eCommerce platform has been in our business now for several years, we're not breaking out any other deltas for year-over-year or quarter-over-quarter. But clearly, it is making a difference because more of our business is coming from the eStore, I mean, where over 80% of our business now comes through electronically. And so a big driver of the improvements in a lot of the work that we do is in that much better targeting. So ultimately, it is a absolute benefit to the business.
James Beer: Yes, I think the investment has helped build our cash flow and margins over time.
Operator: And we'll go next to John DiFucci with JP Morgan.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I had a question on the storage business, Enrique. This continues to put up I'll call it respectable results after a couple of years of sort of tough sledding. But after next quarter, the comps, at least year-over-year, get tougher. And I just wonder if you think you can continue to put up mid-single digits, sometimes in the high single-digit growth. If you can continue to do this with the storage business? Or is it something we should just expect to be sort of a lower-growth business?
Enrique T. Salem: You're right that, that business has continued to improve. I think our team there is doing an outstanding job. And what's happening, John, is that we've been able to diversify away from the UNIX platform where, as you remember, a lot of the business was on UNIX. Now we're seeing a lot more business coming through on Linux, Windows and HP-UX. As far as the other things that we're doing in that business that I think are meaningful are the work that we've done to help optimize VMware environments with technologies like ApplicationHA or AppHA. And so I do see good momentum and improvements there. As far as the growth rate, I'm going to stick with what we've said at analyst day, which is this is a business that will be relatively flat for us. Obviously, we're going to work hard to outperform that. And there's a lot of good signs in the business because, as I commented on the last several calls, we're seeing people who want to simplify their environments, and that means not having lots of point products and lots of point tools spread out across multiple data centers. And that's where we're really seeing some kind of return back to using the products from our SAMG business. So, so far, I'm pleased with the performance. It's -- team's doing an outstanding job, and I expect that to continue.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: If I might, just a quick follow-up on the Security Compliance business. Exclude -- if you exclude acquisitions, and by the way, your acquisitions that appear to be performing very well here, but if you exclude that, you're sort of growing that sort of in low single digits, it looks to us anyway is this -- in this business and realize that most of that is sort of desktop or Endpoint Protection for corporate, is that sort of what we should be expecting for that part of that business anyway?
James Beer: Well, for the Security and Compliance business, if you adjust for acquisitions and also in a constant-currency basis, that business unit grew at 5% year-over-year. And so, I mean, that's reflecting the progress that we're making in Endpoint Security. We're very pleased with how the SEP 12 release has come out of the gates, continued growth around Data Loss Prevention and Software-as-a-Service.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I'm sorry, James. Did you say 5%?
James Beer: Yes, 5%. So that's adjusted for currency and acquisitions.
Enrique T. Salem: The other quick comment I'd kind of give you is we're very pleased with the launch of SEP 12. I mean, the feedback has been outstanding. I mean, 1.3 million end points have already been upgraded. The efficacy of the solution is proving to be just incredibly strong, and many of our customers are saying it was easy to deploy and they absolutely are seeing improvements in detection rates. So as you know, 75% of attacks now are hitting less than 50 machines. And so this new technology is really allowing customers to better protect their environments. And the feedback from both customers and partners has been better than I expected. And I think that also showed some improvements in the Security and Compliance segment.
John S. DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And we hear -- actually, well, I hear similar things in the field.
Operator: And we'll go next to Adam Holt with Morgan Stanley.
Adam H. Holt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Maybe just to follow up on the question of organic growth. James, what do you think your organic constant currency growth was in the quarter? And then maybe a longer-term question. As you think about the 3-year targets, and this may be for Enrique or James, that you gave at the analyst day, how do you bridge from where we are now to those 3-year targets? Is it about the environment getting a little bit better? Some of these acquisitions anniversary-ing? Maybe give us the bridge from here to there.
James Beer: Well, in terms of the organic constant currency growth rates, our revenue had been growing in the 3% to 4% type range. So that's a little bit faster than we have seen in the last 3 or 4 quarters. So a bit of a sequential improvement.
Enrique T. Salem: I think as we look forward, we're comfortable with where we set kind of 3-year growth rates at the 7% to 8% levels. And what really is driving that and will drive that is kind of 2 big thrusts. One is continuing to improve our core businesses. How do we continue to drive improvements in security with the great launch of products like SEP 12? But then also, the work we're doing with appliances around the backup business. So it's really about strengthening the core business. And then, it's executing against our vision and taking advantage of the opportunities around cloud computing, virtualization and mobility. I mean, some of the new technologies that we're showing both at our Vision conference in Europe that we just held the beginning of the quarter -- beginning of this quarter where we showed people you can take a lot of that current infrastructure you have and re-tool it using our products to be more efficient, better utilized and create your own internal private cloud without having to procure lots of new equipment and software. And so we're seeing people -- especially in this what I'll say is folks trying to do a lot more with less, some of the solutions we're shipping or will be shipping with the 6.0 release will really help people do that. At this point, the combination of strengthening our core and taking advantage of some of these big trends that we've been talking about over the last several calls I think will enable us to achieve the growth rates. Now, obviously, we do expect that, that requires IT spending to continue at what I would say normal levels, and that's what'll make it possible.
Adam H. Holt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: If I could just sneak in one follow-up. It looks like the buyback accelerated in the quarter. Is that something you think we should expect to see continue? Or are you thinking about doing other things with your capital position, which is obviously strong?
James Beer: So the buyback did accelerate during the September quarter, and that very much reflected our approach of trying to buy a little more back when we see particular dislocations in the marketplace as we did in August.
Operator: And we'll go next to Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And just on Europe, can you just walk through what you think is happening? Obviously, I know it's been lagging the U.S. But -- and the U.S. has been recovering and Europe really hasn't recovered, and I'm just curious if there's something else going on in terms of the competitive landscape or something that you're seeing in terms of the deal structures that perhaps is holding Europe back still. Who would have thought that, that would have recovered a little bit better than it has?
Enrique T. Salem: What I would look at in Europe is I think we've been in an interesting kind of macro environment in Europe over the last 12 months. That's a little bit different than what we're seeing here in the U.S. And what I mean by that, Brent, is we -- a year ago, we were dealing with some weakness in the U.K., specifically in the public sector. Now as we look at it, given what's been happening in the Mediterranean countries, from Greece to Spain and Portugal, I think that that's continuing to put some level of pressure on the overall results coming out of Europe. Now the shining spot in all of this for us has consistently been the Central European area of Germany, Austria, Switzerland that continued to perform well for us. But we've seen different parts of Europe be weaker at different points. Operator?
Operator: And we'll go next to Aaron Schwartz with Jefferies.
Unknown Analyst - : This is Sonya [ph] on for Aaron. Just a quick question on the Storage Management business. So now that we've gotten through kind of the bulk of Sun-related declines, I guess can you comment a little bit on your expectations for the growth trajectory going forward?
Enrique T. Salem: I think as we -- I think you're right that we are at the tail end of the integration or the Sun-Oracle OEM contract. We're continuing to see that business stabilize. As we showed last quarter and this quarter, some of the other platforms beyond Sun Solaris are doing well for us. And I think the important point is that's stabilizing the overall segment. But then we're also seeing improvements in the backup business. We launched a new set of appliances that are doing very well for us. We're seeing a lot of demand for our approach of taking what used to be multiple point products, potentially some from us and some from others, and integrating it into one device where now you've got the backup software, the deduplication software and the media server all integrated into one appliance. And so that's also helping that business. We're coming up on a new product cycle with the backup products at the first half of next year. And so my expectation is that our backup business will continue to be the driver of growth in that overall segment.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay, that's helpful And then just quickly circling back on your points around SEP 12 or just Symantec Endpoint Protection 12. I guess can you speak a little bit to how meaningful you think the revenue opportunity is there? Is this more of a maintenance release where it seems like it'll be more related to seat expansion? Or is there a price increase associated with it as well?
Enrique T. Salem: Yes, it's definitely -- as we look at it, that -- it's a major release, and it integrates a number of new capabilities, most specifically the reputation-based technology that really is doing an outstanding job of detecting a lot of these very targeted threats. And also, because we worked very hard on the ease of deployment, and some of the early results are showing that where we have had previously a little bit of weakness in the SMB segment, I think this will be part of the improvement plan of tailoring products to serve that market segment well. So my expectation is that we'll continue to see improvements in the Security and Compliance segment where previously, the Endpoint Security business had been a bit of a drag on the overall business. The other thing that's important is we continue to see, post-Intel acquisition of McAfee, some disruption in their business and go-to-market. And that's helping us across the various segments now, and we expect that to continue.
Operator: And we'll go next to Kash Rangan with Merrill Lynch.
Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more color on public sector. I think you talked about some good business performance towards the end of the quarter. With -- given all the controversy and the scrutiny on IT budgets in that sector, what's your view as to how spending trends hold up for your businesses based on your conversations and what sales people are telling you about how your products are being budgeted for the public sector?
Enrique T. Salem: It was a -- Kash, it was a record quarter for us in the public sector. I think the team executed very well, and the Clearwell acquisition performed well against our expectations and some of the larger deals came out of the public sector. Obviously, people are trying to figure out what happened to the federal budget. As you know, we're in this kind of wait and see what budget gets allocated in the new fiscal year. But as I kind of look and talk to a lot of folks, senior folks in government, the federal budget will be anywhere from $76 billion to $80 billion. And cyber security has become a big priority for governments around the world, and so my expectation is that we'll continue to see demand for a number of our security products. But I still expect it to be a very significant budget. I haven't seen dramatic changes in that area, and we'll wait and see what happens with the budget. But at this point, I do believe that we'll continue to do well. And the question is now what ultimately happens with the focus on cyber security and some of the other priority areas.
Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And I don't know if you have time for one quick follow-up. But on the consumer security business, I was wondering if you could talk to conversion rates directionally?
Enrique T. Salem: Yes, if you look at what we've done with the eStore, it's pretty clear that our ability to really have a good understanding of what products they're using, what browsers, what price points they paid previously, is really enabling us to be much were effective at converting and getting more value per transaction of people coming to our online stores. So I would say that ultimately, we're getting benefits in 2 areas: better pricing or increases in pricing, and also better conversion rates.
Operator: And we'll go next to Phil Winslow with Crdit Suisse.
Dennis Simson - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: This is Dennis in for Phil Winslow. Can you describe the trends you saw in the sales force productivity in the quarter and how much room you think you have for improvement there?
Enrique T. Salem: Well, thanks for asking the question because it's pretty clear that our sales force execution has continued to improve consistently over the last 18 months. I think it's a credit to Bill Robins and his team and the work they've done to institute a much more disciplined sales process. What I would comment is, I think there's continued room for improvement. I think we can continue to drive efficiency. I think we can continue to be even better at cross-selling the whole portfolio. We're giving you a metric right now that talks about our ability to cross-sell and what's happening with the larger deals. 43% of the deals above $1 million contained products from both segments. I think that's just our sales team is much more focused and disciplined in how they look at the Symantec portfolio and how that matches to the things our customers are trying to do. So I expect there will be continued improvements in sales force effectiveness and productivity.
Dennis Simson - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And can you describe maybe the trends that you saw? You commented on your traction with your backup products. If you can maybe expand there a little bit more, specifically in the SMB space?
Enrique T. Salem: With the backup product in particular?
Dennis Simson - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, in the SMB space.
Enrique T. Salem: Yes. So a number of things that we're doing is we're looking at what are all the capabilities that we need to deliver into the SMB space. Specifically, we've added 2 things, which are the new Backup Exec Appliance. It's early. Well, this was the first quarter at our partner event a couple of weeks ago. We showcased it, and there was genuine enthusiasm about our ability to deliver the Backup Exec Appliance, which will be targeted at the -- our mid-market/smaller-sized companies. I think the other thing that we're doing is clearly the Backup Exec.cloud or our cloud-based backup capabilities that will also allow us to better serve the SMB segment with the cloud-based offering. So my sense is the combination of Backup Exec.cloud and the new appliance are definitely going to help us there. And clearly, we're going to continue to work towards bundling both the security products with the backup products because IT buyers or smaller businesses, they want simpler. They want it easier. They don't want a lot of point products. And so ultimately, our ability to bring together the products from both our security and backup business will fit well with that segment.
Operator: And we'll go next to Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Great. I actually would like to just swing back to the SEP products and specifically the mid-market or small business SPS SEP product that was also released recently. Do you have any kind of early feedback on how that's being received? I don't know if it's too early to get Net Promoter Scores. Or also, if you might be doing anything different in the channel to try driving adoption at that level?
Enrique T. Salem: Yes. Well, the Net Promoter Scores for the new version of SEP, of SEP, have done very well both in the enterprise and SMB markets. The initial data is showing multiple points of improvement, and that really is a tribute to the great work the team has done. I am very encouraged by the partner feedback, and I'm sure you're starting to hear the same thing, that people believe this is just an outstanding product. And my expectation is that it will bring partners back in because what partners are trying to do is they're trying to optimize their time. And if they can -- if it's easier to deploy and they don't have to go back and potentially have to clean up when some of these machines gets infected, that really is something that allows them to be more productive, more efficient and then generate more profit for the partner. As far as from a go-to-market perspective in the partner segment, we've done a number of different things. We continue to be very focused on specialization where we're trying to make sure that partners have the necessary certifications to make each implementation successful. And that's why you are seeing the improvements in the Net Promoter Score, because our partners are becoming back that much more effective at implementing the new products. And so we're very confident that the new products, combined with some of the work we've done in the new channel, will drive improvements in the small business segment.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And just quickly on the VeriSign authentication business, have you done anything there with respect to the go-to-market strategy to broaden out either the breadth of distribution or things that are -- anything new and different on the go-to-market there that's helping the success there?
Enrique T. Salem: Well, absolutely. The big difference is you now have got a much larger sales force around the world that is able to take the user authentication products to market. But the other more important thing is that we're able to combine it with a much richer portfolio, because we're able to bring in the extensions around encryption, the extensions around malware and improved management platform. And so ultimately, the combination of product breadth and a larger go-to-market or sales force capability is definitely driving improvement. Also, there have been some attention as a result of some of the issues that one of our major competitors faced with an attack. And so my sense is that, that combination is definitely having a positive impact on our user authentication business.
Operator: And we'll go next to Ed Maguire with CLSA.
Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Enrique or -- and James, you had mentioned that your OEM agreements had, I guess, higher costs upfront. Could you discuss what the competitive dynamics have been around some of those OEM agreements? And what do you expect going forward with any major renewals that might be coming up?
James Beer: Well, what I was referring to in my text was that our OEM fees actually came in higher during the September quarter than we were expecting would be the case 90 days prior, very much driven by the fact that the OEM partners shipped more PCs than, I think, everyone was expecting. So that effect added about half $0.005 worth of costs to the operating expense base. And the other point I was making in the text was that we would expect to see sequential increases between the September quarter and the December quarter in the total amount of OEM fees that we pay. So that would likely add something in the $0.01, $0.015 type realm. We'll see how we go with the OEM PC shipment volumes this quarter.
Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Great. And just a follow-up, if I may, on the Huawei-Symantec progress. I saw that you are making some moves in North America. We'd love an update on that.
Enrique T. Salem: Well, we're continuing to work on improving the overall product portfolio in that business across both the storage and security areas. And from a go-to-market perspective, kind of the next frontier for the joint venture is really getting traction in the U.S. The other part of that, as you know, we're in discussions around what's the best outcome for the joint venture. And so we're continuing down that path, working with Huawei to determine: is it something that we continue to manage jointly and drive towards an IPO? Or is there a potential different outcome? And so we're probably in the late innings of really having a determination. And I would hope that by the next call, the next earnings call, we'll have an opportunity to give you a more detailed update on where we are with that.
Operator: And we'll go next to Rob Owens with Pacific Crest Securities.
Rob D. Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Enrique, given that over half of your organic constant currency growth is still coming out of consumer and you've got potentially Windows 8 on the horizon at some point, what's some of the industry thinking right now? What's the feedback been from the OEM channels? They actually make a decent amount of their money off AV being onboarded by folks like yourselves?
Enrique T. Salem: Well, I think everybody is looking at Windows 8 and what are the things Microsoft's trying to do. Obviously, their priority is really around thinking out how they stay relevant in a what I'll call the move to next-generation or other non-PC devices. And that's really the priority. Everything we've seen, that's the focus. Now clearly, Microsoft, like all the vendors, is always trying to think about how they make sure that their platform is secure. And the OEMs, as you say, a part of the profits that they make is the aftermarket products that they sell, security being one of them. And so they're working closely with us and with Microsoft to make sure that we still can deliver, sell security products on their traditional PC platforms. Obviously, it's still early, Rob. There's -- they've shown some of the things that they're going to do. But we expect to see some continuing changes in the approach and what they're going to do with Defender and other things. So we're all working together. We've got folks in Redmond as we speak talking about how our security continues to add a lot of value beyond anything that's being done in the operating system.
Rob D. Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Great. And then for James, what was the organic deferred revenue contribution from Clearwell?
James Beer: Clearwell, gosh that would have driven of the order of about $10 million to $15 million worth of additional deferred revenue, something of that nature.
Operator: And we'll go next to James Wesman with Raymond James.
James Wesman: It's James sitting in for Michael Turits. First question now. What is the VeriSign business growing pro forma x the remaining write-down?
James Beer: Well, the VeriSign business that we've seen growing in this past quarter at so mid to high single digits, so we're pleased with how the value-added items that Enrique was talking about on an earlier question, things like the additional malware scanning capabilities, the much enhanced management platform that we have integrated into the VeriSign SSL certificate sales, are getting traction in the marketplace.
James Wesman: Okay. And then one other question on the Consumer side. As you start selling into more emerging markets, though, what type of impact are you expecting on ASPs?
Enrique T. Salem: Well, clearly, the ASPs, there's more price sensitivity. And we've always used a number of approaches to emerging markets from some of the things we've done with our PC Tools brand to the work we're doing around some of the premium offerings where we can deliver a capability and then do some upselling. But clearly, there's more price sensitivity in the emerging markets, and we take that into account with the mix of products and price points.
Operator: We'll take our last question from Brian Freed with Wunderlich Securities.
Brian Freed - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Can you guys give us a little bit more color around the scale and number of customers for your Norton Online Backup business? And maybe just some -- to the extent you can give some clarification as to what percentage of your consumer business you would attribute to that business?
Enrique T. Salem: So I'll give you -- the headline number is approximately 15 million, 1 5, 15 million people using our online backup capabilities. And what we continue to see is that business is driving good growth rates on top of a small base. We haven't broken out the specific online backup numbers, but when we talked about the 4% of the business coming from the nontraditional products is that one of the biggest drivers there, Brian, is the online backup business. But clearly, service is another thing. They're also contributing there. But ultimately, we are encouraged by the capabilities and the adoption of the online backup feature.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Enrique Salem for closing remarks.
Enrique T. Salem: Thank you, operator. I'm pleased with the team's execution and solid results for the fifth consecutive quarter. We'll be focused on executing our key priorities for the remainder of the year. Thank you very much for joining us this afternoon, and I look forward to speaking with you again soon.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q1  (2011-07-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Enrique Salem - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director James Beer - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Helyn Corcos - Vice President of Investors Relations
Analysts: Philip Rueppel Dennis Simson - Crdit Suisse AG Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank Daniel Ives - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc Brad Zelnick - Macquarie Research Craig Nankervis - First Analysis Securities Corporation Robert Breza - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Unknown Analyst -  James Wesman Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Symantec's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Helyn Corcos, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Helyn Corcos: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our call to discuss fiscal first quarter 2012 financial results. With me today are Enrique Salem, Symantec's President and CEO; and James Beer, Symantec's Executive Vice President and CFO. In a moment, I will turn the call over to Enrique. He will discuss Symantec's execution during the quarter, then James will provide highlights of our financial results, as well as discuss our guidance assumptions as outlined in the press release. This will be followed by a question-and-answer session.  Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay on Symantec's Investor Relations website. A copy of today's press release and supplemental financial information are posted on our website as well. And a copy of today's prepared remarks will be available on the Investor Relations website shortly after the call is completed.  Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that we will review our financial results focusing on year-over-year constant currency growth rates unless otherwise stated. Sequential growth rates are based on as recorded results. For the June 2011 quarter, the actual weighted exchange rate was $1.44 per euro and the end of period rate was $1.45 per euro, compared to our guided rate of $1.42 per euro. For the June 2010 quarter, the actual weighted average rate was $1.26 per euro and the end of period rate was $1.26 per euro. We've included a summary of the year-over-year constant currency and actual growth rates in our press release tables and in our supplemental information, which can be accessed on our Investor Relations website.  We made modifications to our segment reporting this quarter. Managed Security Services were moved to the Security and Compliance segment from the Services segment. Total MSS revenue of $72 million and $71 million moved in fiscal 2011 and fiscal 2012, respectively. Historical compares for our fiscal years 2011 and 2010, reflecting our modified segment reporting are available on our website and in our supplemental financial information.  Some of the information discussed on this call, including our projections regarding revenue, operating results, deferred revenue, cash flow from operations, amortization of acquisition-related intangibles and stock-based compensation for the coming quarter contain forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the statements. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties can be found in the company's most recent periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Symantec assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.  In addition to reporting financial results in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP, Symantec reports non-GAAP financial results. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP results, which can be found in the press release and on our website.  And now, I'd like to introduce our CEO, Mr. Enrique Salem.
Enrique Salem: Thank you, Helyn and good afternoon, everyone. Our team executed very well, delivering record June quarter results. We had a great start to our fiscal year, continuing the momentum we've been building over the past 4 quarters. Our third consecutive quarter of double-digit bookings growth resulted in the strongest June quarter, revenue, deferred revenue and operating cash flow in Symantec's history. Performance was driven by strength in Backup, Data Loss Prevention, Managed Security Services and Consumer, as well as ongoing stabilization of our Storage and Availability Management business. In addition, our authentication business once again exceeded expectations and delivered its fourth consecutive quarter of better-than-expected results.  Now, let's take a closer look at some of the highlights from the quarter. I'm very pleased with our sales team's performance this quarter. Focused execution, combined with industry-leading security, backup and data center solutions, helped us deliver strong results across all regions. Customers are expanding their commitment to Symantec as our sales force successfully cross sells the entire product portfolio. During the June quarter, 48% of our deals over $1 million included sales from both our security and compliance and storage and server management segments, as compared to 26% for the year-ago period. License revenue grew, for the second consecutive quarter, driven by Data Loss Prevention and Backup, as well as ongoing stabilization in the storage and availability management business.  Our storage and availability management business posted its third consecutive quarter of year-over-year bookings growth, driven by increased penetration on the Linux and Windows platforms. Customers are recommitting to our storage management products as we differentiate ourselves from native tools. Our ability to help organizations accelerate the utilization of virtualization, cloud adoption and reduce storage costs are helping us win competitive deals. We're pleased with the success we're having with our partnership with Red Hat as we help organizations migrate to Linux. Furthermore, we're gaining traction with our new ApplicationHA solution, which was jointly developed with VMware. This product helps organizations virtualize their business-critical applications with confidence and reduce costs as they virtualize their infrastructure.  During the quarter, we had major storage management wins in the telecommunications and financial services verticals. One of the largest cable and Internet service providers increased their investment in Symantec beyond security and expanded their commitment to our storage management products.  Moving on to our backup and archiving business. Effective backup and recovery continues to be a high priority for organizations as they seek to better manage information growth and maximize operational efficiency. Our market-leading information management portfolio is helping organizations protect and manage their data. Our recently announced V-Ray technology further extends our information management leadership in virtualized environments. V-Ray is embedded into our backup products and gives IT administrators increased visibility into backup images across physical and virtual environments.  We generated growth in our backup and archiving solutions in all regions. Specifically, NetBackup posted another quarter of year-over-year, double-digit revenue growth driven by strength in virtualization and deduplication. We are beating our competition worldwide in gaining share in the backup software market. Increased customer adoption for our integrated backup and deduplication appliance is driving better-than-expected results. We signed a multiyear agreement with one of the world's largest logistics services companies for the deployment of our archiving and backup solutions. Additionally, we are expanding Backup Exec into new delivery models by introducing SaaS and appliance offerings. Both will be available later this year.  Our market-leading archiving product, Enterprise Vault, posted double-digit bookings growth, driven by strong execution across all geographies. At the end of the June quarter, we closed our acquisition of Clearwell, a recognized leader in the eDiscovery market. Together, Symantec and Clearwell are well-positioned to provide customers the most comprehensive information management solution by bringing together the industry's leading eDiscovery, archiving and backup products.  Now moving on to security and compliance. The current threat environment is driving increased awareness for information security. Customers recognize the value of having an information-centric solution that protects their confidential and proprietary data. Our approach is protecting information and identities makes us the strategic advisor for CISOs worldwide. We continue to expand our encryption, authentication, Data Loss Prevention and compliance solutions in the enterprise segment. In particular, our DLP solution generated another quarter of strong year-over-year double-digit revenue growth, driven by one of the largest U.S. retailers and one of the largest semiconductor companies becoming Symantec DLP customers.  Our VeriSign Security business once again exceeded expectations across all financial metrics. Both our premium and value SSL offerings gained market share, driving double-digit installed base growth for the fourth consecutive quarter. We continue to differentiate our premium VeriSign brand from the competition, with unique features such as daily malware scans and Seal-in-Search. With the anticipated launch of our SSL certificate discovery and automation service later this year, we will help organizations increase their visibility and better manage the growing number of SSL certificates across their environment. No other SSL provider offers this feature. In the user authentication business, which includes soft tokens and PKI, we recently hit an important milestone, issuing more than 0.25 billion certificates, verifying user and device identity. Our user authentication business has benefited from increased interest in our solutions as a result of the more toxic and targeted threat landscape.  To help in managing today's targeted threats, we launched Symantec Endpoint Protection 12 and Symantec Endpoint Protection Small Business Edition 12 in early July. Independent tests conducted by DennisLabs, The Tolly Group, AV-Test.org and PassMark showed that our endpoints security solutions outperforms the competition in performance and effectiveness in both virtual and physical environments. SEP 12 is optimized for performance on virtual environments, reducing load on virtual servers and is integrated with VMware's security APIs. In addition, our products include behavioral and cloud-based reputation technologies known as SONAR and Insight that detect and block new threats earlier and more accurately than any other competitor.  Many organizations like the in-house security expertise and infrastructure required to address the rapidly changing threat landscape that is driving increased demand for outsourced security services. Symantec's Managed Security Services provide experienced specialists to help customers manage their security operations. As a result, our MSS business realized its third consecutive quarter of double-digit bookings growth. More and more customers are relying on us to provide a cost-effective 24/7 service to protect their information assets. We are again positioned as a leader in Gartner's Magic Quadrant, highlighting Symantec's objective of reducing overall security risk. Moving on to Consumer. Our Consumer business delivered its 11th consecutive quarter of year-over-year revenue growth, driven by our ability to attract and retain more customers through our online store and the strength of our products and services. Ongoing enhancements to our eCommerce platform continue to maximize customer spend and improve close rates. Customer satisfaction with eStores transactions is at its highest ever, benefiting our cross-selling and renewal efforts.  Our Norton Security products continue to be the fastest and lightest security products in the market. Over the last year, our Norton 2011 and Norton 2012 products have won more than 130 awards. We're extending our leadership beyond the PC to protect people and information through a variety of offerings, such as NortonLive services, Online Backup and family safety services. These new services offerings grew 37% in the June quarter as we expanded distribution of these offerings to our multichannel network. The value of our Norton services has helped us expand and build new partner relationships. In addition, existing Norton Online Backup partnership with Acer, we expanded our relationship to include Norton Online Family under Acer-branded PCs. Acer will also include online backup and family safety services, along with Norton Internet security under Gateway, eMachines and Packard Bell PCs. Furthermore, we won a competitive deal at AOL to offer Norton Internet security to their large installed base of customers.  We launched 2 new mobile beta products to enhance our consumer mobile offerings. Norton Mobile Security for Android 2.0 includes anti-phishing technology to protect users who access e-mail on their smartphones. Norton Mobile Security has already been downloaded from the Android market over 600,000 times. Norton Online Family added a new mobile application that allows parents to view their children's online activities from their Apple and Android devices. Partner interest in our new mobile offerings is growing and gaining traction around the world. We expanded our OEM relationship with Toshiba and Lenovo to provide Norton Mobile Security with their tablets.  On the carrier side, Wiz [ph] Telecom in France will also offer our mobile security solution for Android devices. Additionally, our Norton DNS offering is providing value to a new audience. Three major Wi-Fi providers will include Norton DNS with in-store Wi-Fi for major U.S. food and beverage retail chain. We're making solid progress in providing consumers the best online experience that allows them to securely access their information from any device.  I'm very pleased with our record June quarter performance. Our sales team continues to execute cross-selling our industry-leading portfolio and capturing new customers by aggressively pursuing competitive displacements.  We will continue to focus on a few key priorities. We're energizing our core businesses by helping customers deal with the challenges of rapid information growth and new, more targeted and sophisticated attacks.  Specifically, we're paying more attention to the SMB market. We've created a new SMB team that's working across the organization to tailor more of our solutions and go-to-market efforts to the unique needs of the SMB customer. We're capitalizing on new growth opportunities in cloud, mobile and virtualization and we'll continue to deliver new solutions to help both customers and enterprises securely access and use information across multiple devices and platforms.  With that, I'll turn the call over to James for a detailed review of our financial results.
James Beer: Thank you, Enrique and good afternoon. We posted better-than-expected first quarter results for each of our key financial metrics, driven by solid bookings across all segments and geographies. Our strong performance resulted in record June quarter revenue, deferred revenue and cash flow from operations.  GAAP revenue totaled $1.65 billion, an increase of 9% versus the June 2010 period. License revenue grew 4% year-over-year, driven by strength in our backup, archiving and Data Loss Prevention businesses, as well as ongoing stabilization in our Storage and Availability Management business. Content, subscription and maintenance revenues continued to grow, increasing 10% year-over-year. Increasing subscription sales from our Consumer, Software-as-a-Service and Authentication businesses accounted for approximately 39% of total revenue, up from 36% in the year-ago period.  The U.S. dollar weakened 14% against the euro as compared to the year-ago period. Overall, foreign currency movements positively impacted revenue growth by 6 percentage points year-over-year and approximately 1.5 percentage points sequentially. However, foreign currency movements negatively impacted operating expenses by 6 percentage points year-over-year and approximately 1 percentage point sequentially.  Net income of $309 million resulted in fully diluted non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.40, driven by the team's solid sales execution. The Consumer business generated revenue of $525 million, up 5% year-over-year, driven by improving renewal rates, upselling customers to our premium suites and cross-selling of our new service offerings.  Turning now to the Enterprise business, solid sales execution continued this quarter. We generated a total of 281 transactions valued at more than $300,000 each, up 15% year-over-year. 57 of these transactions were valued at more than $1 million, up 54% year-over-year. Of our deals valued at more than $300,000, 74% included multiple products.  The Storage and Server Management segment generated revenue of $597 million, an increase of 7% as compared to the June 2010 quarter. Revenue from the Information Management business, which includes our backup and archiving offerings, increased 10% year-over-year, driven by our differentiated deduplication and virtual machine protection features. In addition, we realized $3 million of revenue from the Clearwell acquisition, which closed earlier than expected on June 24. Revenue from the Storage and Availability Management business grew 3% year-over-year as we further diversified our platform penetration beyond Sun Solaris and other UNIX platforms into Linux and Windows environments.  The Security and Compliance segment generated revenue of $468 million, up 24% year-over-year, driven by strength in authentication services, Data Loss Prevention, Compliance and Managed Security Services, as well as continued growth in our SaaS business. The former VeriSign Security Business performed better than expected across all metrics, generating both revenue of $74 million versus our expectation of $70 million and $0.005 of EPS accretion, beating our forecast of $0.01 of dilution. Our Services business generated revenue of $63 million as we continued to transition our consulting practice to specialized partners.  Turning now to total company margins, non-GAAP gross margin was 86% for the June 2011 quarter, up 50 basis points from the year ago period. Non-GAAP operating margin was 27%, down 30 basis points compared to the June 2010 quarter, driven by the acquisition-related deferred revenue writedown. We generated another quarter of strong operating cash flow. Cash flow from operating activities for the June quarter totaled $503 million.  We exited the June quarter with $2.3 billion in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. During the quarter, we utilized domestic cash to repay the remaining $600 million principal balance of our convertible senior notes, which matured on June 15th. We also used domestic cash to pay $364 million for Clearwell and $198 million to repurchase 10 million of our shares at an average price of $18.98. This cash expenditure resulted in approximately 33% of our cash balance residing in the U.S. as we exited the June quarter.  GAAP deferred revenue at the end of June 2011 was $3.69 billion, up 17% year-over-year. Approximately half of the deferred revenue growth was related to acquisitions.  Now, I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing our guidance for the September 2011 quarter. We are assuming an exchange rate of $1.43 per euro versus the weighted average rate of $1.30 and the end of period rate of $1.38 per euro in the September 2010 quarter. Our guidance assumes an effective tax rate, before consideration of any loss from our joint venture, of 28% and the common stock equivalents total for the quarter of approximately 763 million shares.  Our CSE guidance does not include the potential for an increase in the share count from an accounting as opposed to economic perspective associated with our 2013 convertible notes in the event that our average stock price is at or above $19.12 during the quarter. Thus, for the September 2011 quarter, we expect GAAP revenue to be in the range of $1.655 billion to $1.675 billion as compared to revenue of $1.48 billion during the September 2010 quarter.  We expect year-over-year revenue to be up 12% to 13% on an as-reported basis. 74% or $1.23 billion of our September quarter revenue is estimated to come from the balance sheet. The Clearwell business is expected to contribute between $8 and $12 million to our September quarter revenue. As a reminder, we will complete a full year of operations for our VeriSign Security Business in the September quarter. And as such, we will no longer be breaking out guidance for this business.  GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be between $0.21 and $0.22 as compared to $0.17 in the year-ago period. Non-GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be between $0.38 to $0.39 as compared to $0.34 in the year ago period. As previously mentioned, we expect $0.01 of dilution as a result of our Clearwell acquisition during the quarter.  GAAP deferred revenue is estimated to be between $3.485 billion and $3.515 billion compared to $3.1 billion at the end of September 2010. We are expecting deferred revenue to be up 12% to 13% on an as-reported basis. It's important to note that as we anniversary the VeriSign security transaction, our deferred revenue growth rate will begin to normalize. Consistent with the strength of our business, we expect deferred revenue to continue to grow and be subject to normal seasonal trends, which drive a sequential decline in deferred revenue between the June and September quarters. Last year, the combined effect of foreign exchange and acquisitions masked this trend. On a year-over-year basis, we expect to realize mid to high single-digit deferred revenue growth in the second half of our fiscal year.  As I mentioned earlier, we are pleased by the consistent strength of our cash flow from operations. While the September quarter typically produces the lowest operating cash flow of any other quarter, we expect our cash flow generation in the first half of fiscal year 2012 to be up approximately 20% year-over-year.  In conclusion, we were pleased with our strong performance across all of our business units, geographies and financial metrics. We will continue to focus on consistent execution and expense management in order to continue to drive both top and bottom line growth.  And now, I'll turn it over to Helyn so that we can start taking some of your questions.
Helyn Corcos: Thank you, James. Gwen, will you please begin polling for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Helyn Corcos: While the operator is polling for questions, I'd like update you on a few upcoming events. We will be presenting at the Citi Technology Conference on September 7 in New York and the Deutsche Technology Conference on September 13 in Las Vegas. Lastly, we will be reporting our fiscal second quarter results on October 26.  For a complete list of our investor-related events, please visit our Events section of the Investor Relations website. Gwen, we're ready for our first question.
Operator: We'll take our first question from Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc: Just 2 questions. One on the consumer side, Enrique, you talked about strength in that business and I'm just curious, we've had a just dramatically weakened consumer PC environment for the last 4 or 5 quarters and I'm wondering what do you see just in the characteristics of your business? It sounds like bookings are still relatively strong but I'm curious kind of how are you seeing that business change with a very much weakened consumer PC environment?
Enrique Salem: What we continue to see, Walter, is that our team continues to execute very well on the ability to continue to move people to our premium suites Norton Internet Security and Norton 360. And then, it's also just great execution on our using our own in-house eCommerce platform which allows us to do a much better job of monetizing and increasing the dollars per transaction for every new user that comes into our online store. So that combination in the core business is performing very, very well. The other side of it is as we move into some of our new initiatives throughout Norton Online Backup, NortonLive services, those services are now starting to contribute to the growth of the business and that's a new opportunity for us that we've just started to effectively monetize. I think we talked about a 37% growth in the non-core software components being Backup-like services and the other things that we're doing beyond the core products.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc: And then Jamjes, just as a follow-up on the guidance. I guess if we do the math right, it looks like you're looking for billings that are about flat year-over-year. And I guess it seems like the trajectory of the business right now is better than that. And I'm just curious what you would expect that could cause things to potentially be worse than where they are right now?
James Beer: Well, I think when we look at an implied billings figure, we've really got to be careful to take into account the year-over-year impact on the deferred revenue balance, both acquisitions and foreign exchange. So, as you look to adjust for all of that, I'd be comfortable that we'll continue to see revenue and deferred revenue growing in the future. So that's why we really urge everyone to focus only around the implied billings statistics.
Operator: And we'll go next to Brad Zelnick with Macquarie.
Brad Zelnick - Macquarie Research: Enrique, Europe seem to have performed a bit weaker than the Americas and AsiaPAC. This is not all that surprising given some of the data points that we hear from other companies in the space. But can you maybe comment a little bit about what you're seeing specifically in the region?
Enrique Salem: Sure. As we look at -- as we look across the regions, and we look specifically at Europe, it's -- you're seeing what we reported. What I feel encouraged by is we're seeing good billings that are basically driving -- will drive future revenue. And this is one of the best quarters we've had probably in the last 4 or 5 coming out of Europe. We saw good strength out of our U.K. business. Our Central European business in Germany, Switzerland did very well. Also, some of the places where people have been very worried, I mean, along the Mediterranean, Spain, Italy, Greece, they all performed well for us. And so that will come through as we go forward and start recognizing the revenue coming out of the billings that we did in the quarter. So overall, Europe actually did better and it's showing up in the revenue right now, Brad.
Brad Zelnick - Macquarie Research: And James, if I could ask on the consumer business, 49% GAAP operating margin this quarter is the best that I think you've had in about 8 quarters. And I'm curious, is this mostly due to weaker PC shipments or is there something else that might be changing relative to pricing or conversion rates? Is there any insight you can give us there?
James Beer: Well, we did see lower OEM fees during the quarter. So that had really more to do with the structure of our agreements with the OEMs than it did any diminishment of units in the June quarter. In fact, we saw a pretty good growth in units in the June quarter. So there was a modest expense benefit, less than a handful of million dollars. So I was pleased with the ability to drive general execution there across the consumer business.
Operator: We'll go next to John DiFucci with JPMorgan.
Unknown Analyst - : This is Ken filling in for John. Just a question on your storage business. It looked like you saw a pretty decent growth this quarter and we wanted to know if that would kind of continue going forward as our goal continues to invest in their platforms and you expand into others?
Enrique Salem: We're definitely seeing a trend. It's a couple of quarters now that we've seen license improvement in that business. And that really is about our ability to drive in other platforms. Into the Linux platform, specifically, Red Hat, also on the Windows platform. And then we're also bringing new capabilities. I commented about ApplicationHA, which is a new product that we codeveloped with VMware, that is an important component of making a virtualized environment more robust. And so, we absolutely believe that the trends that you're seeing there are going to continue and it's important to note that a lot of the native tools or tools that are coming from some of the propriety vendors, we're definitely seeing people recommit and rebuy into the capabilities that we deliver from our storage management and availability business. I mean we saw some specific big deals where people had considered or started to use some of the alternatives from companies like you mentioned, Oracle and others. And we've recommitted to our capability. So we're pleased with the last several quarters of results in the storage and availability management business, and I actually believe that, that team that we put in place here at Symantec is just doing an outstanding job.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Adam Holt with Morgan Stanley.
Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley: My question's about the enterprise security business. It looks like, on a constant currency organic basis, it was flattish, and you've got what seems like a lot of product momentum there, so I guess 2 questions. One, when do you think some of the newer growth to your products start to have more of a material impact? And secondly, how are you feeling about the SMB business currently and its trajectory in terms of getting maybe a little bit better?
Enrique Salem: As you see our DLP business, our MSF security services, our authentication services continue to grow in overall scale, and also our SaaS businesses. I expect that, that will be a more meaningful contributor to the overall growth rate of the security compliance segment. SMB, we announced some changes in organizational structure in mid-May. And that team, we just did our business review. We're clearly starting to see progress, but that is a lot of work that we've got to do there around continuing to enable our partners, driving demand. I talked to -- touched on the new product, Adam, our Symantec Endpoint Protection for small business, the new release of SEP 12. And so there's a lot of work that we're doing to drive better results, but that continues to be a focus area for the company and I expect that will be the case for the remainder of this fiscal year and into next year. But I'm very happy with the work the team's already done, and I expect to see that continue to improve. But that's been the one area that we're going to have to continue to do some focused work.
Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley: If I could just ask a quick follow-up, it looked like very good large deal activity in the quarter that some were worried about the end of the quarter deal environment. Maybe talk a little bit about whether there was anything anomalous in large deals and what do you think drove the success there?
Enrique Salem: Absolutely. So it's actually better execution by our sales team. If you look at it, the team was very focused on getting a fast start to the year and it was everything from getting quotas out sooner to how do we make sure that we look at better account planning, how do we do better deal reviews, executive engagement. And I just think our sales team is executing better than we've seen in probably 5 to 10 years here at Symantec. I mean, I'm very pleased with the work they're doing, and they were focused on getting that fast start and they actually did it.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank: Enrique, just on the environment, obviously, the growth rate you're giving is a pretty solid outlook, but when you take into account some of the things that are going on in the government, as well as Europe, I would assume that's in your forecast. I just wanted to clarify that in just in terms of how you're thinking about that in the back half of the year. And then I just want to follow-up with a quick follow-up.
Enrique Salem: Sure Brent, so when you think about the current environment, we're very focused on the big trends that are driving our business. The threat landscape, I mean it's more toxic than ever. The attacks are more targeted. I mean, I go to -- every major customer I talk to is thinking about how do they protect their data, their environment, their infrastructure. And so, you've got that big trend that's a positive. The second thing is you continue to see the growth in data. And we've been, now for a number of quarters, delivering double-digit growth around our backup and archiving business. And that is because customers are really saying, "How do I protect all of this data that's being created?" And so that combination of those 2 trends are absolutely helping Symantec. Now as far as -- you comment on the current issues around the government, obviously, that's something that we don't control. I mean we're not really in a position to look at or say what happens. And so, our teams has absolutely been thinking through what is impacted by changes like that. And obviously, it's our federal business, and so we've thought through our expectations there. We understand the risks. And as we look at our forecasting process, while the government's an important part of our business, we have, as you know, a fairly diverse business, and we have thought through what those implications are. At this point though, like I said, we don't control what they do in Washington or anywhere else in the governments around the world and we're focused on continuing to drive much better execution here at Symantec, and hopefully, what you're seeing from our results is that, that's what we're doing quarter in and quarter out.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank: And just a higher-level strategy question, there had been some network vendors that have talked about adding more endpoint security offerings and I guess just in terms of your emphasis on network, how do you think differently about that as others are starting to eye your market?
Enrique Salem: We're very much focused on the information. You -- the device to us is irrelevant. We feel like the device is where the end user interacts with the information that they use for their personal, for their personal life, for their corporate life, and we're very focused on that. Who are you and should you have access to the information? And I think that approach is separate from whatever the device is, or quite frankly, for what you can do at the network infrastructure layer. Now, that said, we obviously are sensitive to what our customers are saying, and what we continue to see as our results show in products like DLP and managed security services, they're coming to us and saying, "Help us protect the information. Help us manage our security operations." And that's what we'll continue to do.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Philip Winslow with Crdit Suisse.
Dennis Simson - Crdit Suisse AG: This is Dennis Simson for Phil Winslow. License revenues beat expectations over the last couple of quarters, can you provide more details on what's driving the turnaround here and what your expectations are going forward?
Enrique Salem: Well, what we continue to see is as we drive some of these new product lines, DLP, Backup, the stabilization in our storage, management and availability business, I mean, these products are the biggest drivers of new license for the company, and we continue to see big, favorable moves in our direction. I mean we are winning in the DLP space. Our backup business is doing very, very well, not only on our traditional software business, but also our appliance business. We see an incredible demand for the work that we're doing in appliances. I was talking to the team just the other day and our ability to integrate deduplication, the media server capabilities into one appliance is absolutely what customers have wanted and we're delivering that into the market. We're, obviously, going to leverage our very big install base in Backup and take those appliances aggressively to market worldwide. So my expectation is that we will continue to see improvements in new license going forward. And also, that you've got to be sensitive to, which doesn't quite come across new license, is that some of our products, like our SaaS products, don't show up in new license, because those are more subscription-oriented. And got to look at that trade up, because over time, my expectation is you'll start seeing a bigger move to those subscription products, not just to the new license products. So that means MSS products, our SaaS-based offerings, the consumer business, obviously, and our new VeriSign assets will absolutely beat that more of that subscription or ratable-oriented offering.
Dennis Simson - Crdit Suisse AG: And can you provide some more color on the VeriSign business this quarter? I mean what you saw in terms of trends in overall ASPs and the mix of the premium Certs?
Enrique Salem: Yes, we definitely are seeing the strategy that our team has taken of saying, "We're going to go after every customer." If they're a value buyer, we've got a great strategy to satisfy that demand. If you're a premium buyer and you understand the differentiated value that we bring with the daily scans, the vulnerability protection on your site, the extent of validation certificate, so we are very comfortable with what we're seeing in the mix. I think prices have stabilized and our team is executing very, very well in our trust services business. And I think, again, that's something that is sustainable.
Operator: And we'll go next to Neil Herman with Ticonderoga Securities.
Neil Herman: Looks like your operating cash flow growth in the quarter on a year-over-year basis was about 50%, quite impressive. If you could kind of give us a sense in terms of your thoughts for the full year in terms of what we should be thinking about with respect to your operating cash flow? And then number 2, if you could update us a bit on the competitive environment, in particular, with McAfee as being part of Intel. Is that creating opportunities for you? And as part of that also, secure ID cards have had a problem. Is that also creating more opportunities for you as well?
James Beer: Let me take the cash flow question first of all. What I would expect is that for the first half of the fiscal year, our cash flow from operations is going to be up about 20% year-over-year, so a strong growth rate. And we don't offer full year guidance on that metric but we're certainly pleased with the first quarter's result and are looking to that first half metric that I mentioned.
Enrique Salem: With regards to the competitive environment, clearly we've got a distracted competitor. I mean, you're integrating what was a focused security company into a much larger semiconductor company, more diversified portfolio. And so that's a benefit to us. We're clearly seeing some displacements. We're seeing a lot of people leave, they had some leadership changes there. And so my expectation is that, that is a benefit to our security business that will continue for some time. With regards to some of the other attacks and some of the other things that we talked about, clearly there is customer concern about the attacks. We talked about a specific vendor in RSA and that is driving -- people coming to us and saying, "How can we use your VeriSign identity protection technology as a replacement for some, if not all, the deployment that we've got with our existing offering?" And so ultimately, both of those are positives for Symantec, and I expect them to continue for the foreseeable future.
Operator: We'll go next to Gregg Moskowitz of Cowen and Company.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC: Just a follow-up on the storage business. Stabilization for Sun, obviously, has been a well-documented topic, but it's nice to see storage management revenues actually grow year-over-year, something we haven't seen in a long time. Just wondering, Enrique, if you can update us on the outlook for your storage management business. In particular, we all know it's not high growth, certainly, but curious if you think you've turned a corner there?
Enrique Salem: When you look at that business, what's important to us is that we are competing well against the native tools, we're adding other platforms and doing well on Linux, and we're doing well in Windows. And then we're also adding new capabilities. So we're bringing things like Application HA. And so you're right, we've had some pretty big headwinds there over the last several years that our team has been able to say, "Here is how we go after that market and create real value for customers." And customers still see the value, the clear value in our high-performance file systems, some of the new functionality around thin provisioning, some of the new work we've done on high availability. And so, I do believe that great execution there by our team and customers' understanding the value we bring on virtualized platform for the products like ApplicationHA are all positive. Now, Remember AppHA is a new product that's relatively small, and so it's going to take time for that to have any kind of meaningful impact on the business.
James Beer: And I think also the fact that our products work across the range of different environments that tend to be resident in the data center is really of great value to our customers as well.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC: And then a quick follow-up on Clearwell. James, you talked about $8 million to $12 million in revenues. Previously, you were looking for $10 million to $15 million. Is that just because of the earlier-than-expected close or are there any other reasons?
James Beer: No. It's just our sense right now for where we see the Clearwell opportunity and obviously we're going to go and work and see if we can beat that number.
Operator: We'll go next to Robert Breza with RBC Capital Markets.
Robert Breza - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Maybe James, just a quick housekeeping item. I know you mentioned taxes have been 28% for this coming quarter. Any change in the tax rate beyond that, that you could help us understand?
James Beer: No, I think that's a good planning assumption for the year at this stage, and we'll update you each quarter.
Robert Breza - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Great. And then Enrique, you mentioned, I think, in your prepared remarks or at least in the large deal count, you're seeing very good cross sell opportunity. Have -- or can you provide us any kind of color in terms of that, do you think of your customer base? How many of them have the multiple products? Or just kind of what is the penetration opportunity of that cross sell?
Enrique Salem: When you look at our customer base, what you've got is our team is doing a great job of building stronger and better relationships of our accounts [ph]. A lot of that starts with -- we're very focused on measuring customer loyalty and our customer loyalty numbers in general, over the last several years, have trended up. And so that means, we're building better relationships at our accounts and the whole company's focused on that. As far as the specific metric of what we've got as far as how many of our customers have both, majority of customers in the Global 2000 use some level of product from Symantec, that they have some security from Symantec, they have some of our storage products. What really is happening is that they're expanding the utilization of those products. So that's how you want to think about it. In some of the deals I mentioned, for example, the one with the large telecommunications provider, they were already using security. They had some of our storage products but they decided to extend the use further, to use more of them. And that's what I expect with great execution of our sales team is that we'll be able to get more revenue per customer as they use more of our portfolio. With Clearwell, for example, as we bring that in, that's going to be a strengthening of both our backup and archiving businesses. And so that'll, again, give us one more thing to drive into the account base. And I absolutely expect that customers will do more with a broader set of Symantec's products. In every call, we talk about cross-sell opportunities, and I think our sales team is doing a great job of making that happen.
Operator: We'll go next to Tom Ernst with Deutsche Bank.
Unknown Analyst - : This is Joe Vimati [ph] on behalf of Tom. I'd like to understand the Mobile business. In particular, can you talk about the business model and the market share in terms of some of your new products, like Norton Mobile do a lot of - which is seeing a lot of downloads?
Enrique Salem: When you look at the mobile space, we've had 600,000 downloads, and so we are seeing interest. One of the questions I get all the time is, is there going to be a need for security products in some of these mobile platforms? Well what we're seeing is absolutely customers believe there's a need with a lot of these downloads. But it's still early and there's still 1.4 billion PCs that need to be protected. I don't have a market share statistic for you as far as mobile market share because it's just one of those things that I haven't seen any external data. But what I'm really pleased with is a couple of things. One, I believe there's clear demand for the mobile platform. Two, I think the focus Symantec has in that area under both Janice in Consumer and Francis in Enterprise is going to allow us to capture a meaningful part of the market. And so as that market unfolds, I am confident we're going to do very well.
Operator: We'll go next to Philip Rueppel with Wells Fargo Securities.
Philip Rueppel: James, your guidance for next quarter implies operating margins -- non-GAAP operating margins declining. Is that due to just the Clearwell operating expenses or are there some other investments that you're making on the operating expense lines?
James Beer: Clearly, there's an impact from Clearwell on the operating margin side. But I'm comfortable that, what I said at the analyst day about operating margins, is still operative for the year.
Philip Rueppel: Okay. And then just on the Clearwell business, is it fully integrated now? Is that $8 million to $12 million that you mentioned, is that kind of a full quarter for them and is it in the hands of Symantec's sales reps? Or is that yet to come in future periods?
James Beer: Yes, that is a full quarter of revenue from Clearwell in the September period. We're certainly very much engaged in terms of updating the sales force on the opportunity to enhance what is already our e-Discovery offerings, to integrate those e-Discovery capabilities with our market-leading archiving capability. So we feel as though we're in a good space here and we now have the leading solution. And so we're getting very focused on getting that to market as quickly as we can.
Philip Rueppel: Great. And one more if I could. Enrique, you mentioned a couple of times the strength in the appliance piece of your business. Is that strength sort of being attractive to new customers or is it just as interesting for existing customers upgrading or expanding their platforms? And you mentioned Backup Exec will come on appliance. Are there other product areas and family that you see that you might introduce on the appliance form factor over the course of next year?
Enrique Salem: Yes, there are 2 parts to that, Phil. First, we absolutely -- a lot of the appliance businesses, with the high-end appliances, has been in our current install base. But we are seeing customers that have not been using our data protection solutions broadly. Take a close look at the appliances, because it does simplify the day-to-day deployment and management. When you can integrate a lot of the core backup infrastructure into one appliance, so you don't have to buy separate technology for deduplication, separate media servers, separate software, integrate that on to one box. That is definitely not just something that our install base wants, that's something that other new customers. But it's more in the install base, that is the early adoption. You are correct, the reason we moved to the appliances is because customers, again, want easier to manage, easier to deploy, and so you're seeing us develop and deliver a series of appliances. And so you've heard us talk about 2 or 3 different appliances. I expect that to continue, and you'll probably see several of our other products be delivered on the appliance form factor.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Turits with Raymond James.
James Wesman: It's James Wesman sitting in for Michael. In storage foundation, how did it grow quarter-to-quarter in license and maintenance and when do you expect it to start growing?
Enrique Salem: License and maintenance, so it's...
James Beer: Well, we saw growth, as we were alluding to earlier, the storage and availability management business was a contributor to that company growth in license. We saw company growth of 4% year-over-year, and while we don't break that number down into its constituent parts, it was clearly one of the contributors.
James Wesman: And I apologize if you guys have been over this. We've been flipping back and forth between calls.
James Beer: No problem.
Enrique Salem: No problem. We were -- just to be clear though, what we're trying to figure out is we saw license growth for several consecutive quarters and that business absolutely grew year-over-year. And so we just wanted to make sure we answered the right question.
Operator: We'll go next to Daniel Ives with FBR.
Daniel Ives - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Yes, Enrique, I was just curious like when you went through sort of the quarter end close, did anything from just a high level surprised you in terms of just deal sizes, regions? Is there anything that stood out that you saw when you kind of went through sort of an end of the quarter deal for Python?
Enrique Salem: What I saw, to be honest, nothing really surprised me. What was clear is our -- the last several quarters, I've been encouraged by our close rates. I've just been seeing our team do a good job of driving to closure, and I think that's the disciplined process that our sales leadership team has been driving over the last several years, and so, nothing surprising, just real good execution by the sales team.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Craig Nankervis with First Analysis.
Craig Nankervis - First Analysis Securities Corporation: Enrique, you commented at the analyst event a couple of months ago or whenever it was that you pushed out some activities that you customarily accomplish in the June quarter to free up the company to have a fast start. Clearly, you've had a fast start. Can you go into that a bit, what you did that was different this time? And whatever it was, how much you attribute the results to that versus other factors?
Enrique Salem: I think ultimately we are very thoughtful about learning from what happened each quarter. And so what we've done is we said, "What are the things that allow our team to get focused? Well let's get quotas out as early as possible. Let's look at whether anything that distracts or keeps our team from getting engaged in the quarter." And so there are a number of activities that we look to complete either virtually or push out. So, for example, our sales conference, we held it in July, instead of holding it in the first quarter. That's just one of many examples because the key is we obviously go as aggressive as possible to finish our fiscal year and so we've got to be in the pipeline building as early as possible. So the combination of quotas getting out earlier, moving some activities out and also thinking about the pipeline earlier, meaning not just waiting to your end quarter, because as you know, in enterprise software it takes time to build and close the pipeline. And so just the focus that we've had on doing a much better, more disciplined job of managing the sales organization, managing the accounts, managing the pipeline is obviously working.
Craig Nankervis - First Analysis Securities Corporation: Okay. Great. So whatever got pushed out is not going to have some sort of impact in another quarter, in which it's now going to be accomplished, it's not that sort of aftereffect thing?
Enrique Salem: No, it's not. Everything that we thought through what we needed to do, and like I said, I mean we basically have managed through all those activities. And the biggest drivers were really just great execution by the sales force and making sure we had the right account discipline.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back to Enrique Salem for closing remarks.
Enrique Salem: Thanks, operator. I'm pleased with the team's execution and our better-than-expected results for the fourth consecutive quarter and I'm optimistic about our prospects for this quarter. So thank you for joining us this afternoon and I look forward to speaking with you again soon. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-05-11 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Enrique Salem - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director James Beer - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Helyn Corcos - Vice President of Investors Relations
Analysts: Philip Rueppel Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley Heather Bellini - ISI Group Inc. Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank John DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse AG Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc Brad Zelnick - Macquarie Research Robert Breza - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Kash Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to Symantec's Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Helyn Corcos, Vice President of Investor Relation. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Helyn Corcos: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our call to discuss fiscal fourth quarter and fiscal year 2011 financial results. With me today are Enrique Salem, Symantec's President and CEO; and James Beer, Symantec's Executive Vice President and CFO. In a moment, I will turn the call over to Enrique. He will discuss Symantec's execution during the quarter, James will provide highlights of our financial results as well as discuss our guidance assumptions as outlined in the press release, and then, Enrique will discuss our focus areas for fiscal year 2012. This will be followed by a question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay on Symantec's Investor Relations website at symantec.com/invest. A copy of today's press release and supplemental financial information are posted on our website and a copy of today's prepared remarks will be available on our Investor Relations website shortly after the call is completed.  Before I begin, I'd like to remind you that we will review our financial results focusing on year-over-year, constant currency growth rates, unless otherwise stated. Sequential growth rates are based on as reported results. For the March quarter 2011, the actual weighted average exchange rate was $1.37 per euro and the end-of-period rate was $1.41 per euro compared to our guided rate of $1.35 per euro. For the March 2010 quarter, the actual weighted rate was $1.38 per euro and the end-of-period rate was $1.35 per euro. We've included a summary of the year-over-year constant currency and actual growth rates in our press release table and in our supplemental information, which are available on the website. Some of the information discussed on this call, including our projections regarding revenue, operating results, deferred revenue, cash flow from operations, amortization of acquisition-related intangibles and stock-based compensation for the coming quarter contain forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties can be found in the company's most recent periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Symantec assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.  In addition to reporting financial results in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP, Symantec reports non-GAAP financial results. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP results, which can be found in the press release and on our website. And now I would like to introduce our CEO, Mr. Enrique Salem.
Enrique Salem: Thank you, Helyn, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to report our third consecutive quarter of strong results. Bookings grew double digits again this quarter, resulting in record revenue and deferred revenue. Our performance was driven by market share gains as well as strength in Backup, SaaS, Data Loss Prevention and Consumer. In addition, our recently acquired businesses once again exceeded expectations and delivered strong results.  Now let's take a closer look at some of the highlights from the quarter. The Consumer business delivered its 10th consecutive quarter of year-over-year revenue growth. We continue to acquire and retain more customers given the strength of our product releases and the ongoing development of our e-commerce capabilities. Our new e-store enables us to upsell and cross sell more of our products and services. During the quarter, we successfully launched Norton 360 Version 5, which has received over 95 positive reviews and awards to date. Norton 360 now includes enhanced PC tuneup, along with access to features such as the Norton Cyber Crime Index, Norton Online Family and Norton Safe Web. Over the past several years, we've expanded our consumer offerings to address the evolving needs of users. We now offer several solutions beyond traditional security, such as live services, online backup and online safety services. Norton Online Family achieved a milestone, with over 1 million registered families worldwide. These new offerings contributed 1 percentage point of revenue growth for the Consumer business this quarter and accounted for 4% of total consumer revenue. We expanded distribution of our free Norton PC Checkup and Norton Security Scan services to include partners such as PcDrivers and the Ask Partner Network. Many consumers who take advantage of these solutions are not using traditional Norton products. This gives us the opportunity to expand the value we bring to these customers by introducing them to our full line of security suites and other services. We also expanded distribution of our traditional Norton products into alternative channels such as D-Link, Webster Bank, M&T back and TechAmerica. We continue to see opportunities beyond the PC through our Norton Everywhere initiative. We are offering Norton Mobile Security to customers around the globe through our broad multichannel distribution network. Recent partner wins include carriers such as T-Mobile Austria and KDDI, retailers such as Dixons and OEMs such as Samsung through its app store. All of these parters have chosen to include Norton Mobile Security, along with their Android phone and tablet offerings. A beta version of our mobile security offering is available in the Android market, allowing us to get valuable direct feedback from an increasing number of end users. While early days, I am pleased with the inroads we are making in providing customers a hassle-free online experience across mobile phones, tablets and smart devices.  Now I'll turn to our Enterprise business. I'm very pleased with the sales team's execution this quarter. Our disciplined account management and focused initiatives for selling across our portfolio have had a positive impact on our sales activity. During the quarter, 7 of our 13 transactions over $10 million included sales from our Security, Backup and Storage businesses. We signed multiyear agreements with 2 of the world's largest financial institutions for deployment of our Storage Foundation, NetBackup and Data Loss Prevention products. I'm also pleased with the sales team's ability to cross sell our encryption solutions with our security products into various customer segments and verticals. A U.S. services company signed a multi-million dollar contract which includes Control Compliance Suite, encryption, user authentication and data loss prevention.  Moving on to our Backup and Archiving business, our recently refreshed backup portfolio further differentiates us from the competition and is driving growth for this business. By integrating deduplication, archiving and virtualization support features into these products, we have made it easier for customers to adopt and standardize on our solutions. Customers value our ability to improve storage efficiency and increase infrastructure utilization as well as reduce their total cost of ownership. NetBackup, the number one information management solution for the enterprise, posted strong double-digit bookings growth and we are gaining share. This was driven by the rapid adoption of deduplication and demand for virtual machine protection. The team closed the largest transaction in NetBackup's history. We continue to beat the competition worldwide. Our capacity base pricing is helping us to capitalize on the unprecedented rate of information growth and providing customers with a simpler way to deploy, manage and track licenses. For the March quarter, 36% of new license bookings for NetBackup utilized this model. Earlier this year, we launched the industry's only backup and deduplication appliance. We are seeing strong customer adoption of our all-in-one hardware and software solution.  In the mid-market, Backup Exec delivered another quarter of strong results. We are seeing continued adoption of Backup Exec 2010, which has been one of our strongest backup releases to date. Small and medium-sized businesses are benefiting from simplified information management through integrated deduplication and virtual machine protection. We continue to maintain a strong lead over our competition. We are expanding Backup Exec into new delivery models with Backup Exec.cloud, a SaaS offering and a new mid-market backup appliance. We expect both of these offerings to be released later this year.  Last week, we announced V-Ray, which extends our information management leadership in virtualized environments. Due to a lack of visibility, customers leaving virtual machines unprotected as they're finding it difficult to manage, recover and dedup information. Our internally developed technology provides organizations with complete visibility into virtual and physical backup images, simplifies recovery and ensures that all machines are protected. It guarantees continuous data protection as well as maximizes return on investment from server virtualization. Given V-Ray's great value proposition and positive customer feedback, we are confident it will further differentiate our backup products from the competition. Our market-leading archive product, Enterprise Vault, posted double-digit bookings growth driven by strong e-Discovery revenue. Customers are dealing with unprecedented growth in unstructured information, making it difficult to capture, categorize and index key information. Enterprise Vault helps customers simplify information management as well as enforce retention policies. Last week, we announced Enterprise Vault 10.0, which is scheduled to be available in the second half of 2011. Enterprise Vault 10 will bring together the breadth of our security and backup portfolio by integrating our archiving capability with data loss prevention, encryption and mail security. This allows us to deliver content aware classification, giving customers the ability to automatically discard irrelevant data. I'm pleased with the progress we're making in helping our customers migrate to Symantec's next-generation information management solutions.  In our Enterprise Security business, we continue to do well in the enterprise and large enterprise segments. Strong results were led by DLP, which saw revenue nearly double this quarter. Our DLP solution continues to shift the focus of security to protecting information, not just infrastructure. CISOs across all industries appreciate our ability to solve the security challenges they're facing as information continues to grow and threats become more targeted and more sophisticated. This has resulted in larger security transactions that include information protection solutions, as well as our endpoint security, management and compliance suites. We're making progress in the SMB security market by focusing on the unique needs of customers and partners in this segment. We plan to release the next version of Symantec Endpoint Protection Small Business Edition later this year. We're building on the successes realized in other parts of our businesses to enhance our enterprise products and service offerings. We're taking consumer success in providing the fastest, lightest and most effective protection capabilities and delivering a similar feature set that addresses the need of small businesses. In addition, we've implemented an extensive beta program as part of our commitment to quality, given it is one of the key processes that made the launch of our backup products so successful. I'm encouraged with the progress the development team is making on this key release and the diligence of our channel sales team in preparing and educating partners as well expanding participation in our SMB partner specialization program.  Our SaaS offerings, known as Symantec.cloud, are leading the way to deliver security and management services from the cloud. SaaS realized healthy bookings growth in the quarter. Bookings in the Americas and APJ were particularly strong as we continue to expand our footprint outside of EMEA. We increased cross selling of our e-mail, archiving, Web and endpoint security SaaS solutions into the large enterprise install base. We now offer 16 SaaS solutions globally. We're helping customers gain visibility and control their information and applications there in the cloud. We've partnered with Salesforce.com to launch Symantec Security Assessment for Salesforce. This new security application is designed to help organizations to extend the visibility of their IT infrastructure to include cloud-based applications and is scheduled to be available on Salesforce's AppExchange. We also plan to integrate this new security application with our Control Compliance Suite to provide customers a single view across information and applications that reside on premise and in the cloud. In addition, we realized another quarter of double-digit bookings growth in Managed Security Services.  Cardinal Health, a Fortune 20 company, chose to implement our services to drive efficient and effective IT security management. Customers value our expertise in providing realtime global protection from increasingly sophisticated and complex threats. Our acquisitions exceeded expectations on all metrics as the team executed against our plans to integrate and grow these businesses.  The SSL business posted its largest booking quarter ever and grew the installed base double digits in both the premium and value segments. We continue to tie our encryption offerings to our DLP sales as customers increasingly look to solve their information protection challenges in a more holistic way. The progress we've made in effectively integrating acquired technologies and leveraging our sales force and partner network are making a difference. I'm pleased with the team's ability to act quickly and streamline operational integration.  In conclusion, we've closed the year on a strong note driven by the strength of our industry-leading products and technologies. We started the fiscal year with a clear set of priorities and as I look back over the year, I'm proud of what we've accomplished. Our Consumer, Backup, SaaS and Data Loss Prevention businesses are performing well, and I'm pleased with the stabilization in the Storage Management business. We've made great strides in effectively integrating our acquisitions and leveraging our distribution network to successfully grow these businesses. I'm confident that we've laid the foundation for a strong fiscal year 2012. And now I'll turn it over to James for a review of our financial results.
James Beer: Thank you, Enrique, and good afternoon. We posted better-than-expected fourth quarter results for each of our key financial metrics driven by solid bookings across all segments and geographies. Our record revenue and deferred revenue were as a result of strength in our Backup, Consumer, Data Loss Prevention and Software as a Service offerings as well as continued strong execution by our recently acquired businesses.  First, I'll review the financial results of our fiscal year 2011. GAAP revenue totaled $6.19 billion, up 4% in constant currency from the previous year. Non-GAAP operating margin of 24.8% was down 280 basis points from the year-ago period. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.42, down 5% year-over-year as reported. Excluding the purchase accounting related to deferred revenue write-down of $165 million from our 3 acquisitions, non-GAAP operating margin would have been 26.8%, down 90 basis points from the previous year and non-GAAP earnings per share would have totaled $1.58, up 6% year-over-year as reported. The year-over-year margin decline reflects the growth of our lower margin emerging businesses and increased enterprise commissions costs associated with significantly higher fourth quarter bookings that will be reflected in our revenue during the coming quarters. As a result of our strong bookings performance, we closed the year with a record $3.82 billion in GAAP deferred revenue, up 16% year-over-year and generated $1.8 billion of cash flow from operations, up 6% year-over-year as reported. Capital expenditure totaled $268 million.  Now I'll review the financial details of the March quarter. GAAP revenue totaled $1.67 billion, an increase of 8% versus the March 2010 period. Excluding the deferred revenue write-down, revenue growth would have been 11%. License revenue grew 10% year-over-year, driven by strength in our backup and DLP businesses. This is the first quarter of year-over-year license growth since September 2008. Content, subscription and maintenance revenues continued to grow steadily, increasing 7% year-over-year. Subscription sales from our consumer, Software as a Service and authentication solutions accounted for approximately 37% of total revenue, up from 34% in the year-ago period. The U.S. dollar strengthened 1% against the euro as compared to the year-ago period. Towards the end of the quarter, however, the U.S. dollar weakened significantly against the yen, increasing our international revenue as measured in U.S. dollars. Overall, foreign currency movements positively impacted revenue growth by 1 percentage point year-over-year and approximately half a percentage point sequentially.  The tax rate for the quarter was 23.1%, below our guidance of 27%, primarily due to a one-time offshore tax benefit associated with the Veritas tax assessment for 2000 and 2001. Net income of $297 million resulted in fully diluted non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.38. Relative to our guidance expectations, we generated $0.09 of EPS benefit from better-than-expected revenue, lower OEM placement fees and one-time tax benefits. These benefits were offset by 6% of EPS dilution, driven primarily by higher-than-expected sales commissions, given the strong bookings and deferred revenue generated in the quarter. Excluding the deferred revenue write-down of $50 million from our recent acquisitions, EPS would have been $0.05 higher at $0.43, up 8% year-over-year as reported.  The Consumer business generated revenue of $514 million, up 5% year-over-year, driven by improving renewal rates, upselling customers to our premium suites and cross selling customers to our new service offerings. GAAP operating margin for our Consumer segment was 47% as compared to 44% in the March 2010 quarter. Consumer operating margins stabilized over the course of the year as expected.  Turning now to the Enterprise business, our sales execution continued to improve this past quarter. We closed a total of 489 transactions valued at more than $300,000 each, up 32% year-over-year. 120 of these transactions generated more than $1 million, up 38% year-over-year. Of our deals valued at more than $1 million, 46% included sales from both our Security and Storage segments. In the $300,000 and greater deal size category, the number of transactions involving both security and storage increased by 137% year-over-year. We generated 13 transactions valued at more than $10 million as compared to three such transactions in the March 2010 quarter as we were successful in selling the value inherent in the breadth of our security, backup and storage management portfolio.  The Storage and Server Management segment generated revenue of $626 million, an increase of 7% as compared to the March 2010 quarter. Revenue from our Backup and Archiving business increased 16% year-over-year, driven by our differentiated deduplication and virtual machine protection features. Revenue from our Storage Management business decreased 7% year-over-year as a result of weak bookings performance in the first half of fiscal year '11. However, I'm pleased that we recorded our second consecutive quarter of stable year-over-year bookings in the Storage Management business. GAAP operating margin for our Storage and Server Management segment was 44% as compared to 47% in the March 2010 quarter, driven by higher sales commissions resulting from strong deferred revenue growth during the quarter.  The Security and Compliance segment generated revenue of $446 million, up 21% year-over-year, driven by strength in DLP, Software as a Service and authentication services. Total revenue for the 3 encryption and authentication businesses we acquired in fiscal year 2011 was $81 million compared to our expectations of $70 million. The VeriSign Security business performed better than expected, generating revenue of $61 million, while PGP and GuardianEdge posted revenue of $20 million, also beating our expectations. The combined EPS dilution from these acquisitions was $0.015, $0.005 less dilutive than our expectation of $0.02. GAAP operating margin for our Security and Compliance segment was 13% as compared to 28% in the March 2010 quarter, driven by increased expenses from our 3 acquisitions and higher sales commissions. Excluding the deferred revenue write-down, the Security and Compliance operating margin would have totaled 22%.  Our Services business generated revenue of $87 million as we continued to transition our consulting practice to specialized partners. GAAP operating margin for our Services segment was 7% as compared to 11% in the March 2010 quarter.  Turning now to total company margins, non-GAAP gross margin was 85.8% for the March 2011 quarter, up 50 basis points from the year-ago period. Non-GAAP operating margin was 24.1%, down 390 basis points compared to the March 2010 quarter, primarily driven by our acquisitions and higher commission expenses. Excluding the effects of the acquired deferred revenue write-down, our operating margin for the March quarter would have been 26.4%. We generated another quarter of strong operating cash flow. Cash flow from operating activities for the March quarter totaled $689 million. We exited the March quarter with $2.96 billion in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, with approximately 46% of our cash balance in the U.S. During the quarter, we spent $180 million to repurchase approximately 11 million shares at an average price of $17.86.  Now I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing our guidance for the June 2011 quarter. We are assuming an exchange rate of $1.42 per euro versus the weighted average and end-of-period rate of $1.26 per euro from the June 2010 quarter. Our guidance assumes an effective tax rate before consideration of any loss from our joint venture of 27% and a common stock equivalents total for the quarter of approximately 765 million shares. Our CSE guidance does not include the potential for an increase in the share count associated with our convertible notes in the event that our average stock price is at or above $19.12 for the quarter. Thus, for the June 2011 quarter, we expect GAAP deferred revenue to be in the range of $1.57 billion to $1.59 billion as compared to revenue of $1.43 billion during June 2010. We expect year-over-year revenue to be up 10% to 11% on an as-reported basis. The VeriSign Security business is expected to contribute $70 million to our June quarter revenue.  As a reminder, we will complete a full year of operations for PGP and GuardianEdge in the June quarter, and as such, we will no longer be breaking out guidance for these businesses. GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be between $0.19 and $0.20 as compared to $0.20 in the year-ago period. Non-GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be between $0.36 and $0.37 as compared to $0.35 in the year-ago period. We expect $0.01 of dilution as a result of our VeriSign acquisition. Including $30 million of deferred revenue write-down amortization for the June quarter, non-GAAP earnings per share would be higher by approximately $0.02 and would be expected to be between $0.38 and $0.39. GAAP deferred revenue is estimated to be between $3.6 billion and $3.63 billion compared to $3 billion at the end of June 2010. We are expecting deferred revenue to be up 20% to 21% on an as-reported basis. 72% or $1.14 billion of our June quarter revenue is estimated to come from the balance sheet. Also, in the June quarter, we expect to repay the remaining $600 million of our 2011 convertible notes from our domestic cash balance.  In conclusion, we were pleased with our strong bookings performance at our fiscal year end. We will continue to focus on consistent execution and managing our expenses judiciously to drive top line growth in the coming fiscal year. And now I'll turn it back to Enrique.
Enrique Salem: Thank you, James. I'd now like to take a moment to discuss our focus areas for this fiscal year. This year, we will build on the progress we made in 2011. It's clear that a handful of key trends are transforming the industry and having a profound impact on both consumers and enterprises. Customers are looking for ways to build and use the cloud to improve efficiency. They also want to virtualize their environments to save money and they want to enable the use of personal mobile technology in the workplace to enhance productivity. Meanwhile, information continues to grow exponentially and threats are becoming more sophisticated and more targeted. This year, we will execute on our vision and strategy by delivering solutions at all customers to confidently adopt cloud, virtualization and mobile technologies. We'll also focus on energizing our core businesses by helping customers deal with the challenges of rapid information growth and new, more targeted and sophisticated threats. We will pay particular attention to the SMB market across both of these priorities, tailing more of our solutions and go-to-market efforts to unique needs of the SMB customer. We look forward to sharing more details with you at our upcoming financial analyst day. And with that, I'll turn it over to Helyn so that we can start taking some of your questions.
Helyn Corcos: Thank you, Enrique. Ruthie, will you please begin polling for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Helyn Corcos: While the operator is polling for questions, I'd like to update you on a few upcoming events. We will be hosting our financial analyst day on Thursday, May 26 in New York. Please note that registration is required to attend the event. In addition, we will be presenting at the JPMorgan Conference on May 16 and the Bank of America Merrill Lynch Conference on June 2. Lastly, we will be reporting our fiscal first quarter results on July 27. For a complete list of all of our investor-related events, please visit our Events Calendar on the IR website. Ruthie, we are ready for our first question.
Operator: We'll take our first question from Brad Zelnick with Macquarie.
Brad Zelnick - Macquarie Research: James, in regard to your prepared remarks and comments on sales and marketing expense in the quarter, you talked about lower margin emerging markets -- strong performance in emerging markets, which are of the lower margin, and you also talked about bookings outperformance and accelerators in your enterprise comp plans. First off, can you just explain to us a little bit about the emerging markets and why it is that the business there has a higher cost of sale? And also, as it relates to the comp plans, can you maybe talk a little bit about how they may have changed going into this year? Are the accelerators any different? And should we expect to see any more leverage out of them?
James Beer: Well, with regards to the first point, the remarks I made earlier was around our emerging businesses rather than the emerging markets per se. So I was talking about things such as our Hosted Services business, our Appliances business, that sort of thing. We're pleased with the growth opportunities that we're seeing and that we foresee for the future here. But certainly, as we work to scale those businesses, we're seeing lower margins for those segments than for the corporate average, if you will. So as those businesses scale, I think the margin contribution from them will improve. Appliances as well, probably structurally, are lower margin part of the overall products set but a very important part of the future.
Brad Zelnick - Macquarie Research: And on the comp plans, are we going to see any more leverage out of them in 2012?
James Beer: We haven't made significant changes to the comp plan in 2012. We were pleased with the bookings performance that we got there in fiscal '11. And we're going to continue to obviously focus our sales team on driving that sort of top line performance. Certainly, we did see higher expenses during the fourth quarter because of commissions than we were originally expected when we offered our guidance. Of course, you have to accrue the full amount of the expenses associated with the fourth quarter bookings. But of course, you only get partial benefit in the P&L because many of those commissions are associated with dollars that are now registered as deferred revenue. And we'll get the benefit from that over the coming several quarters.
Brad Zelnick - Macquarie Research: And just if I can follow-up with one last one. Enrique, appliances out of vision were a very hot topic last week from the NetBackup appliance, FileStore and your announcement of the Backup Exec appliance. Can you just comment a little bit more about what they're contributing today, what are the take rates from customers and how can you see this expanding and applying across the whole portfolio?
Enrique Salem: Yes. As we close the fiscal year, we saw a strong performance by the NetBackup appliances in particular and the deduplication capabilities. I expect that to continue. Everything I'm seeing initially in this quarter already says that, that was not a one-time phenomenon. The customers clearly see the benefit of the integrated software, hardware solution in one integrated device. It speeds up deployment, it simplifies deployment. And so I expect that to continue, and I think that we're going to see a real positive boost to our Backup and Deduplication business in particular as a result of these appliances.
Operator: We'll take our next question today from Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc: I'm wondering -- it was pretty well-publicized during the March quarter that the PC environment weakened quite a bit even as the quarter progressed. I wonder if you can just talk through, Enrique and James, what impact you saw on your business there from a weakening consumer PC environment. And sort of how do you look at growth in the Consumer business in light of what looks like still a pretty stagnant PC environment here in the June quarter?
Enrique Salem: What you continue to see is there's a number of things we put in place to do a much better job of monetizing new customers and the existing base given our ability to more effectively target customers, given the eCommerce capabilities plus our ability to cross sell more of the portfolio is clearly continuing to benefit the business as you saw 5% growth year-over-year. The other thing I touched on was that the new services accounted for 1% of the growth. So this is things that we recently introduced like our Norton live services where we're trying to make it much simpler for PC users to manage, control and use their PCs. And so what we're seeing is while, yes, you're right, there's definitely a softening in overall PC sales, our ability to more effectively deliver these new services is absolutely a benefit. The other comment I would make is as we look at the new platforms, Android devices, IOS devices, tablets. We are now very focused on taking our consumer products beyond our traditional PC market and we have had a lot of success starting to get some of these new capabilities into the marketplace. And so my expectation is over the next 12 to 24 months, you'll start seeing some of these new mobile capabilities start becoming a more meaningful contributor to the overall Consumer business.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc: And then, James, just a follow-up on that with regard to expenses. I know that a lot of the PC OEM costs come out on shipment and it seems like with PC OEM shipments actually down year-over-year that you might have seen a decline in payments out there. I'm just curious if you can give us a little bit of a finer point on what you saw from an expense impact on the dynamic we're discussing here?
James Beer: Yes, versus when we offered guidance for the quarter, we saw OEM fees come in lower to the tune of about $0.01 worth of EPS.
Operator: We'll go next to John DiFucci with JPMorgan.
John DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Enrique, it looks like the Storage and Server business has churned, at least it's been struggling for a while. I know NetBackup and Backup Exec have been doing well but the rest of the storage, including Storage Foundation. I was just curious, how much of that is resulting from a renewed focus by Oracle on the Solaris platform? Because I believe that it's still something like half of Storage Foundation's on Solaris versus continued traction with the backup products and the product cycles you're seeing there.
Enrique Salem: Absolutely, our backup products saw a double-digit growth in the period, which we're very pleased with. What you see in the Storage Foundation high availability area is we're being more effective in non-Sun platforms. I mean HP is contributing more to the overall business. Linux, Red Hat, in particular, is contributing more to the overall health of the business, plus, we're bringing on new solutions. You heard comments around a little bit of what's happening with VMware, around AppHA and our Application High Availability technology. And so clearly, while we've seen some stabilization in the Sun-Oracle platform, it's really what's happening on the other platforms, Linux, HP-UX, AIX and then obviously some of the new solutions.
John DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And, James, a follow-up to Brad's question. You pointed out the margin impact on paying commissions for those large enterprise bookings upfront and that's totally understandable, and that'll be recognized as we go along in the future, but the expense or at least the big expense, sales expense, that's already been incurred. I would expect to see margin expansion or margin improvement next year at least in this business. Is that a fair conclusion?
James Beer: Well, we would expect to grow both top line and our margins over the next couple of years or so. And we'll, in fact, give you an update on this at analyst day in a couple of weeks time. But I think part of what we're seeing around margins and their trajectory is that we do have more opportunities we believe now for growth of these emerging businesses that I was referring to, appliances, hosted and so forth, several others. And so those will tend to put a little pressure on the core for our operating margin while at the same time we look to drive productivity in the core of the business. So it'll be a variety of those types of effects that will allow us, at the end of the day, to continue to build operating margins.
John DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So the net of that should be some improvement in operating margin?
James Beer: Yes.
Operator: Our next question, we'll go to Heather Bellini with ISI Group.
Heather Bellini - ISI Group Inc.: Just a follow-up, I guess, on the operating expense question that you've been getting asked about. I guess, my question is, as operating expenses are a little bit higher, and I know a lot of that has to do with the outperformance on the bookings line, should we start thinking that you feel confident that based on your past comments that top line growth should start to accelerate back to the target levels that maybe you guys had thought about in the past so that some of this OpEx reinvestment is actually going to generate faster revenue growth than what we've seen of late?
James Beer: Well, certainly, I think, as we've shown with the guidance for the June quarter, we're looking at a range that's in essence up 10% to 11% year-over-year. So that's, I think, pretty clear signal as to what you're talking about there.
Heather Bellini - ISI Group Inc.: And then the last question would be, and I apologize if you answered this, is the worst behind us now from the Sun acquisition with Oracle acquisition...
James Beer: Yes. I think just in terms of the impact of the OEM relationship with Sun-Oracle, clearly as each quarter goes by, the year-over-year effect is getting less so. Now I would expect there's still to be a material effect year-over-year on the SS&G group. It's business over the next couple of quarters, June and September quarter, after that, we really start to see the year-over-year effect to be very small. And the other thing I'd say is, of course, around that OEM relationship, the license sales have really almost gone to zero at this point, whereas the maintenance sales are stickier as you would expect.
Operator: We'll go next to Robert Breza with RBC Capital Markets.
Robert Breza - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: James, I'm wondering if you can talk to us about the backlog or maybe Enrique, talk about the backlog and visibility. Clearly deferred revenue was very strong. You talked about 72% of next quarter is going to roll off the balance sheet. I think that's probably near an all-time high. I'm wondering if you kind of put that in context relative to the pipeline and the visibility you have.
Enrique Salem: Let me comment on the visibility in the pipeline. I mean, we are definitely seeing continued confidence in the IT buying segment, meaning that IT buyers are feeling like there's a number of things that they need to sort of catch up on specifically as they think through migration to new versions of Windows, the increased growth in storage. And so there's some pent-up demand that I think we're benefiting from, and I expect that to continue. Now it's clear this is our first fiscal quarter of the new year and so I'm confident, I'm comfortable with the guidance that we have put out for revenue and EPS this quarter and that takes into account the improving visibility that we do have. As far as the deferred, James, you want to make a comment on the 72%?
James Beer: Yes, and I think it's illustrative of how subscription sales are becoming a more important component of the overall picture. I commented in my script about how those sales now were up 37% of total revenue, up from 34% a year ago. And that's very much showing the continued growth around Consumer, Hosted, on the Software as a Service side and areas of the business like Managed Security Services, and I would expect those parts of the business to continue to grow. So I would expect subscriptions to continue to grow as a proportion of the total.
Robert Breza - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Any kind of long-term target on where you think those could be, James? Do you think 12 to 24 months, we could see kind of that continued 300 basis improvement or is that too aggressive at this point?
James Beer: I don't have a specific target to share with you this afternoon. But I think, yes, a continued extrapolation approximately is a reasonable benchmark.
Operator: And we'll go now to Adam Holt with Morgan Stanley.
Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley: A couple of questions around the Storage and Backup business. Is any of the strength you see in that business people starting to go back to more forward buying on the storage side and where do you think we are in what has obviously been a very strong product cycle on both the Backup Exec and the NetBackup side?
Enrique Salem: What we're seeing is pretty clearly driven by just the growth in the volume of data. And we did the largest NetBackup deal ever. And that's just customers saying they need to continue to rethink how they protect their data, and that's happening broadly. I mean, a lot of the big deals that we did had a NetBackup component. And as people adopt virtualization, as the data grows, they need our help and as the clear market leader, we're seeing some good benefits there. As far as where we are in the refresh cycle, you're absolutely right. I mean, we shipped brand new versions of NetBackup and Backup Exec about a year ago and customers are continuing to move to those solutions. The other thing, though, that was commented on is this notion of the backup appliances. I think what we're doing with the appliances given our strong position on the software side, integrating that with the hardware side, customer see a very clear benefit. What they see is Symantec's the market leader in backup from a software perspective. We're now delivering a appliance form factor, which is the best of both worlds that they can get from us, and so that's a real benefit. I think we're going to continue to see strength in our Data Protection business, that includes archiving. And when I look at e-Discovery, I mean, I'm seeing more and more activity from customers needing help with legal discovery. And so I see that as a nice add-on opportunity to what we're doing in the core Backup and Archiving business.
Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley: If I could just ask a quick follow-up on the Mobile business, you said over the next 12 to 24 months, you'll see more mobile capabilities accelerating. How do you think that happens? Do you think you'll increase your attach rate on tablets? Are you in front of a new product cycle? What do you see as the primary driver of that?
Enrique Salem: On the enterprise side, in particular, what we see is customers are all telling us they want to adopt a policy of bring-your-own device to work, meaning that people can bring their own devices. And as they bring in tablets, as they bring in Android or IOS devices, what they want to be able to do is have a certain level of control on those devices equivalent to the control they have on a company-issued PC. And so our ability to manage, whether it be a tablet or phone or a desktop or laptop, is a clear benefit to our capabilities that we offer today. And so as we bring that together, that creates an opportunity because customers don't want managed phones and tablets one way and laptops and PCs another. And so as you think about our portfolio, that's a very logical extension to what we're doing with our Altiris platform. When you think about -- one of the biggest challenges people are worried about right now is what information is getting onto those tablets, right? They're worried that corporate confidential data is getting out to that device and they don't have the same control or security and so they're asking us for help on how do you keep that information off the device, how you also make sure you can authenticate a user that's going on to that device. And so I see clear opportunities in the enterprise space to unify management, to simplify authentication, to improve data loss prevention. And if you look at the performance of our DLP business, clearly they're saying give us DLP on these mobile and tablet form factors. On the consumer side, what we're seeing is clearly, there's a series of other things that we can do, new capabilities that we'll be talking about on the mobile platforms. They're quite frankly different than what we've traditionally done on a PC. It's, in my opinion, short term. It's a little bit less about anti-malware, it's more about simplification, simplify authentication and also help them be able to synchronize information more effectively. And so I see opportunities both on the enterprise side and the consumer side as customers and consumers adopt tablet and other mobile form factors.
Operator: Our next question will go to Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank: Enrique, your conscious strategy of de-emphasizing your internal services work and giving it to partners. Can you just give a sense of how that's impacting you in the field? And considering the bookings number, has that been helpful to what you've been seeing the last few quarters in terms of the improvement there?
Enrique Salem: We embarked on that strategy initially in October of 2009 with our mid-market customers and we expanded, as you know, at the beginning of last fiscal year. As I talked to our partner community, it really is being very clear that, that is driving partner loyalty towards Symantec. The channel is absolutely saying it's driving them to be more loyal to Symantec, and that's a clear benefit. As far as at the higher end of the market, our own sales force is now being compensated on license sales and on -- not on unnecessarily selling the consulting services component. And so that is absolutely driving a focus because to make their numbers, they have to drive the sale of our products and licenses around our products, and so it's clearly been a benefit. We had a couple of transitional issues as we enabled the partner community at the beginning of the fiscal year but we're well through that at this point. And we're pleased with the partner-led consulting efforts. But clearly, we continue to think of ways to refine that overall effort and make sure that our sales team focuses on what we want, which is driving new licenses.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank: Just a quick follow-up for James. You saw a material increase in big deals over $10 million. I think you had over $100 million incremental gain, if that's right in terms of the numbers you gave year-over-year.
James Beer: Yes.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank: I guess, other than just cross selling a number of these new products, were there any common characteristics that you're seeing in these big deals?
James Beer: Well, I think there was a lot of the customers recommitting to our Storage Management as well as our Backup businesses. And at the same time, DLP is clearly a key security technology that the biggest customers are investing in quite quickly. And we're very pleased to be the leader in that DLP field, I think, quite clearly. And we've really been able to benefit in these very large deals as a result. So it's really a combination of those 3 themes that were driving things. The other thing I'd say is we have a strong quarter in financial services, in particular, but it wasn't just there. It was across several different verticals.
Operator: We'll go next to Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse AG: First, you, Enrique, obviously, you had a very strong license growing year-over-year. You talked about increasing emphasis just on license revenue. Should we expect any changes just with the turn of the fiscal year, whether it be on the comp plans? It didn't sound like that was going to be the case or just the structure of the go-to market strategy. And then also just, James, wondering if you could give us a little insight in that interest and other income expense line? That's been recently high the past couple of quarters obviously with some of the debt, but how would you expect it to look in Q1 and then kind of trend over the fiscal year?
Enrique Salem: Phil, at this point, no, we're not planning on making any structural changes to the overall sales organization. We're seeing increased effectiveness in the current structure. We're pleased with the execution we just saw the last 3 quarters of the fiscal year, and clearly, the specialization that we've driven and how we focused on not only our own team's specialization but our partners and channel specialization is working. And so at this point, we're not planning on making any changes to the sales force.
James Beer: In terms of the below-the-line items, I wouldn't point to anything particularly material per se. Obviously, the interest income will go up and down based on where the cash balance is. As I've mentioned in my remarks, we'll be paying back the last [ph] $600 million of the 2011 converts shortly, so that will reduce the cash balance and a little bit the interest income. We do have the higher interest expense as a result of the debt that we entered into last year. And then the Hua Sy [Huawei Symantec] joint venture is the other item that we particularly break out there and we'd look for improvements there over time.
Operator: We'll go next to Kash Rangan with Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch: Enrique, I think you mentioned on the VeriSign side that you're experiencing a mix shift towards the higher price to premium versions. That's not something that we'd been hearing in a while of VeriSign stand. Can you talk to what's driving that? I know you've talked about an up sell strategy just right after you made the acquisition. Is that what is driving that the mix shift towards the premium versions? And my follow-up question is on the corporate securities side, if I were to pick at all at anything if you excluded the acquisitions, it looks like growth is relatively flattish. So does that get better as you start to get the revenue recognition from the bookings going forward?
Enrique Salem: Kash, as you commented, one of the things that we always knew would be a benefit to having the VeriSign Security Business inside of Symantec is the ability to cross sell more security capabilities at the moment of purchase of the core certificate business and so we're absolutely seeing that, examples, we talked about host-based security but we're also -- the malware scans, meaning, making sure not only do they have extended validation certificate but also that the site is regularly checked and not having any issues with malware being embedded on the site, and so our ability to expand what is being sold has clearly been a benefit. The second point is, given our consumer distribution and our ability to take our what we call Seal-in-Search to many more customers, what you're starting to see is, people seeing the check mark, which is associated with trust, on lots of search results. And so they're starting to be -- our view -- that customers are seeing the real value of working with the extended validation certificate. And because when you do that, that's when you get that extra level of assurance when you do a Google or Yahoo! or Ask search. And so that combination, we're able to more effectively monetize the high-end certificates. I also have to say that the team that came over from the VeriSign transaction is just doing an outstanding job. They're very focused, they have very capable leaders and they are driving a very disciplined process that we're reaping the benefits of. And so, so far, I'm very pleased with our ability to extend the capabilities and the execution of the team. Kash, you had a second part to your question?
Kash Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch: If I had to pick apart the Corporate Security business, if we exclude the acquisitions growth, looks like it was a little bit flattish. I'm wondering if that gets better especially as you start to recognize the revenues from your deferred revenues.
James Beer: Well, I think, you've got a few things going on in that business segment. Within there, we have our hosted services or certainly the majority of them since they're security oriented, and I would expect those to continue to grow as they did nicely in fiscal year '11. On the other hand, the Endpoint Security business while we believe is going nicely in the large enterprise end, we've still got some challenges around the SMB sector. And so it's really going to be the netting out of those effects that will drive the growth rate of security and compliance x acquisitions.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Philip Rueppel with Wells Fargo Securities.
Philip Rueppel: On the security side, you mentioned DLP a number of times. Is that a segment getting a second wind or are you just starting to see bigger deals? Is there a more broad-based strength? And you also mentioned that you see a lot of ties with encryption there. Are there other products that it is dragging along? And is it itself becoming a meaningful piece of the security revenues?
Enrique Salem: DLP is definitely we're seeing both -- we are seeing larger deals but we are seeing expansion into just the broader segments of the market. We also are seeing expansion into Europe and other parts of the world because historically that had been a business that performed very well in the U.S. and we're seeing it expand outside of the U.S. We are seeing a pull-through of other products -- encryption. It's changing and making our relationship with the CISO much more visible and prominent. And so it is having a positive effect on the overall performance of security, and we expect that to continue given the number of high-profile events that have happened over the last 12 months or security incidents that have happened over the last 12 months. Customers are absolutely looking for what do they need to do to protect their confidential data, their intellectual property and information they use to run their businesses. And so we expect DLP to continue to perform well.
Philip Rueppel: My second question would be around the consumer space. Are you seeing any changes as you define that more broadly to include mobile changes and who you view as competitors and any update on anything that has transpired with McAfee now that it is fully absorbed?
Enrique Salem: Yes, I don't think we've seen any big changes there. At the end of the day, I'm feeling very good about the momentum. Both our Consumer Enterprise businesses are building. We clearly see as the acquisition of McAfee into Intel that they're going through an integration process and that creates a distraction, disruption for them and we're going to capitalize on it. We're obviously focused on what they may bring out. We're listening and watching. And right now, we're focused on executing our strategy, which is how do we help customers clearly take advantage of all these new devices that they're using and help them be much more flexible in letting their employees use those devices. And so ultimately, I feel very good about the opportunity ahead of Symantec.
Helyn Corcos: So with that, we're at the top of the hour. We thank you all for your questions. I'm going to turn it back to Enrique for some final comments.
Enrique Salem: So I'm clearly pleased with how our team executed, better than expected in the March quarter, and I'm optimistic about our prospects for this year. And I'd like to thank you for joining us this afternoon. I look forward to speaking to you again soon. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our conference call. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-01-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Enrique Salem - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director James Beer - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Helyn Corcos - Vice President of Investors Relations
Analysts: Philip Rueppel Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley Michael Bauer Heather Bellini - ISI Group Inc. Katherine Egbert - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank John DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse AG Neil Herman - Soleil Securities Group, Inc. Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc Brad Zelnick - Macquarie Research Robert Breza - RBC Capital Markets, LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Symantec's Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Helyn Corcos, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Helyn Corcos: Thanks everyone. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining our call to discuss fiscal third quarter 2011 fiscal results. With me today are Enrique Salem, Symantec's President and CEO; and James Beer, Symantec's Executive Vice President and CFO. In a moment, I will turn the call over to Enrique. He will discuss how Symantec executed during the quarter, then James will provide highlights of our financial results, as well as discuss our guidance assumptions as outlined in the press release. This will be followed by a question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay on Symantec's Investor Relations website. A copy of today's release and supplemental information are posted on the website, and a copy of today's prepared remarks will be available shortly after the call is completed.  Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that we will review our financial results, focusing on year-over-year current constant currency rate, unless otherwise stated. Sequential growth rates are based on as-reported results. For December 2010 quarter, the weighted average exchange rate was $1.35 per euro and the end-of-period rate was $1.33 per euro, compared to our guided rate of $1.35 per euro. For the December '09 quarter, the weighted average rate was $1.48 per euro and the end-of-period rate was $1.43 per euro. We've included a summary of the year-over-year constant currency and as-reported growth rates in our press release and in our supplemental information. Please note, due to recent fluctuations in currency rates, we have decided to guide to an exchange rate of $1.35 per euro for the March 2011 quarter, contrary to the original foreign currency view of $1.30 we noted on our January 12, 2011, foreign currency update.  Some of the information discussed on this call, including our projections regarding revenue, operating results, deferred revenue, cash flow from operations, amortization of acquisition-related intangibles and stock-based compensation for the coming quarter contains forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the statements. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties can be found on the company's most recent periodic report filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Symantec assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement.  In addition to reporting financial results in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP, Symantec reports non-GAAP financial results. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP results, which can be found in the press release and on our website. Now I would like to introduce our CEO, Mr. Enrique Salem.
Enrique Salem: Thank you, Helyn, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm very pleased with our double-digit bookings growth and solid performance across all product lines and regions. This led to better-than-expected results and drove record deferred revenue. We benefited from strength in Consumer, Backup and Data Loss Prevention, as well as stability in the Storage Management business. In addition, our recent acquisitions exceeded expectations and continue to deliver strong results. Now let's take a closer look at some of the highlights from the quarter.  Consumer delivered another solid quarter of mid-single-digit revenue growth, driven by the strength of our market-leading products and breadth of our multi-channel distribution. We continue to expand our free Norton Security Scan and Norton PC Checkup services into alternative channels such as DivX, W3i, Mindspark, LG Electronics, Paltalk, ICBC and Adobe. These types of new relationships allow us to reach more than 350 million consumers that may not be using traditional Norton products and introduce them to our full line of security suites and services. The trend in our trial conversion rates stabilized during the quarter, as the team continued to focus on enhancing the trial experience. Our ability to target offerings through our dynamic eCommerce platform benefited subscription renewals and helped us to upsell and cross sell consumers to our premium suites and services. Our new 2011 products offer the fastest and most effective security protection without sacrificing PC performance. The 2011 products have won 54 awards and received 329 positive reviews, more than any other competitor.  Our Backup and Archiving business, NetBackup, posted double-digit bookings growth, driven by strong demand for virtual machine protection and deduplication. We're the only company to provide deduplication at the client at the media server through either software or an appliance. Our new NetBackup 5200 appliance series is the industry's first all-in-one hardware and software backup solution with integrated deduplication. Initial customer response has been very positive. We continue to see strong customer adoption of our capacity-based pricing model, which positions us well to take advantage of the growth in unstructured information.  In the SMB segment, Backup Exec generated its third consecutive quarter of double-digit bookings growth. We are seeing increased loyalty from our channel partners as we continue to build momentum in the SMB market. Windows IT Pro named Backup Exec the Best Backup Software Product. In addition, Redmond magazine selected Backup Exec as the best backup and recovery product for the fifth consecutive year.  Performance of our Storage Management business stabilized during the quarter. For example, State Street Bank chose to expand their use of Storage Foundation throughout their business-critical data centers because of our unique ability to manage heterogeneous IT environments. Customers value our ability to help them reduce cost and accelerate the adoption of virtualization and cloud solutions.  Our Enterprise Security business delivered solid results, with strength in Data Loss Prevention and our recent acquisitions. Recent media attention surrounding WikiLeaks and sophisticated malware attacks, such as Aurora and Stuxnet, have resulted in increased CISO interest in our leading data protection solutions. The complimentary nature of our encryption offerings, coupled with our Data Loss Prevention solutions, help customers prevent information loss. In addition, we make it possible for customers to secure industrial control systems and build out smart grid infrastructures. By addressing these challenges, we are developing meaningful customer relationships, allowing us to cross sell more of our Endpoint and Mail Security suites, especially in the largest enterprises in the world.  Our recent acquisitions also drove strength in our Enterprise Security business. I'm very pleased with the team's focus on growing these businesses and integrating operations. The Trust Services team, which manages our SSL business, achieved its highest bookings in nine quarters and grew the installed base double-digits. We are driving increased enterprise adoption of our premium VeriSign SSL offerings with unique features, such as certificate management, malware scans and Seal-in-Search. In addition, we are successfully taking advantage of our GeoTrust and Thawte brands to take share in the more price-sensitive segments of the market.  We completed the integration of VeriSign's management console into Symantec Protection Center. We also completed the integration of Seal-in-Search into our Norton security products. Through Norton, we are already generating more than 75 million additional Trust Seal impressions per day. Furthermore, we are leveraging VeriSign's retail website to cross sell our Norton products. We continue to leverage the PGP and GuardianEdge encryption products in our distribution channels, and have moved quickly to integrate encryption technologies across the portfolio. We shipped Symantec Endpoint Encryption 8.0, which supports a wide range of operating systems, including Windows, Mac OS X, Linux, Windows Mobile and BlackBerry. With the global enterprise sales force now selling our user authentication and encryption offerings, we are generating healthy pipeline growth.  In summary, the great strides we've made in effectively integrating acquired technologies and leveraging our distribution network are making a difference in our ability to drive value for our customers and our shareholders.  Now I'd like to discuss a few of the initiatives driving long-term growth for Symantec in the areas of mobile, virtualization and cloud adoption. Let's start with mobile. Mobile devices are increasingly being used in both our personal and business lives, offering productivity increases but also creating new security and management challenges. Our solutions manage and protect mobile devices by enforcing governance, securing corporate data and increasing visibility of all mobile platforms. We offer Mobile Management and Endpoint Protection capabilities for Android and Apple iOS, in addition to Windows Mobile, Symbian and BlackBerry. These solutions include features such as remote wipe, password policy enforcement and device inventory. Customers can utilize our DLP solutions to mitigate the risk of data loss through mobile devices. Our cloud-based e-mail security offerings allow enterprises to confidently adopt mobile solutions. In addition, our recent acquisitions extend our reach within the mobile markets with advanced mobile encryption and authentication solutions.  For the Consumer, our Norton Everywhere initiative provides a hassle-free online experience across mobile phones, tablets and smart devices. In January, we launched Norton DNS, which provides faster and more reliable Web browsing without requiring software to be downloaded onto the device. Our Norton Mobile Security offering is generating strong partner interest as we extend our multi-channel distribution network into these new areas. In retail, Best Buy Canada will soon offer Norton Mobile Security. Kingston Digital, the independent world leader in memory products and its software partner, FUHU, selected Norton as the security provider for their USB flash drives. Universo Online, Brazil's largest Internet service provider, began offering Norton mobile solutions to its customers. Expect to hear more about how we're expanding distribution of these new offerings at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona next month. While still early, I'm pleased with the progress we're making in seeding the mobile market.  Moving on to virtualization. Organizations are increasingly adopting virtualization to reduce costs, enhance flexibility and build public and private cloud infrastructures. As a result, environments become more complex and leave mission-critical applications and data unprotected. Our solutions help organizations secure, manage and optimize their virtual environments from the data center to the endpoint. Our enterprise solutions are already helping customers secure information and identities in both the virtual and physical environments. Our Symantec Endpoint Virtualization Suite helps customers save operational costs, optimize license consumption and employ a hybrid virtual solution in their environments. In addition, upcoming releases of our Data Insight solution will allow products to proactively apply security and compliance controls in a virtualized world.  NetBackup helps organizations protect, deduplicate and recover information in both physical and virtual environments through a single unified platform. Results from benchmark testing conducted in partnership with Cisco and VMware highlight NetBackup's ability to protect more than 3,200 virtual machines on a single backup host and deduplicate more than 98% of redundant information. NetBackup received the Best of VMworld Award in 2010 as a result of its market-leading data protection and virtual machine capabilities. NetBackup has won awards for virtual server protection three times in the last four years. With its monitoring plug-in feature for VMware, Backup Exec is the leader in protecting virtual environments for small- and medium-sized businesses. This new capability reduces the complexity of protecting data environments as a result of direct integration with VMware's vCenter. Backup Exec now protects an impressive 40,000 VMware hosts and an estimated 1 million VMware guests.  For the data center, some of our new initiatives help customers virtualize applications and databases with confidence. Application HA and VirtualStore, jointly developed with VMware, enable organizations to accelerate the virtualization of business-critical applications and reduce storage costs in virtual environments. We are seeing very good customer interest of all these solutions and expect them to provide long-term growth opportunities for the company.  And finally, customer adoption of the cloud. We have a broad portfolio of cloud-based solutions and services, from SaaS security to authentication services and online backup to cloud infrastructure management. These solutions help organizations lower cost and simplify IT administration, while keeping their information and identities secure. In addition to our cloud-based reputation security service, which processes over 4 billion ratings per day, we are delivering innovative solutions that can be accessed anytime and anywhere. Norton Online Backup continues to expand its cloud presence, with 13 million users and 67 petabytes of stored data, a 35% increase year-over-year. As more customers use Web-enabled devices, it's key that they be able to access their personal files, videos and pictures from the cloud. Our internally-developed Norton Connect application allows Norton Online Backup users to access their online information from their iPhone, their iPad or their Android device. We recently expanded our global Web-based Norton Online Family solution to include a paid Premiere version, with features such as online video monitoring, 90-day histories and automatic activity reports. In the enterprise, our Symantec.cloud, or SaaS offerings, serve more than 9 million business users in more than 100 countries. We continue to realize growth in our cloud-based messaging and Web security solutions, as customers look to simplify operations and reduce costs. Symantec Endpoint Protection.cloud, our internally developed hosted endpoint protection service continues to garner customer interest from the SMB to the large enterprise.  We will continue to deliver additional cloud services, including Data Loss Prevention and governance offerings in order to extend our lead in this fast-growing market. Our Managed Security Services help customers drive efficient and effective security management. This outsourced service offers real-time protection, security monitoring, advanced analysis and early warning intelligence for companies of all sizes around the globe. Our solution enables clients to not only protect their information assets but also comply with industry regulations. As a result of increased demand for these types of solutions, our MSS business generated record double-digit bookings growth this quarter. Our backup solutions are integrated with Cloud partners such as Nirvanix to enable customers to utilize cloud solutions for disaster recovery and reduce information management costs. Our archiving solution enables customers to take advantage of cloud offerings, such as Microsoft Office 365 and Exchange Online while maintaining on-premise archiving for easy compliance and e-Discovery. Cloud computing creates opportunities for our Storage and Server Management business with SaaS providers and as customers build out their private clouds. Our platform-agnostic solution helps organizations reduce costs by commoditizing hardware and leveraging existing investments. Our products also help customers reduce complexity by simplifying the management of heterogeneous environments to build a scalable private cloud. In addition, we are able to help enterprise customers leverage public clouds. For example, customers who use Amazon's Web Services can leverage Storage Foundation to manage online storage without interrupting access to servers and critical applications.  In conclusion, these important trends will drive long-term growth for our company. I look forward to sharing more with you about the progress we're making with our customers and partners in these three areas. I'll now turn the call over to James to provide you the financial details for the quarter.
James Beer: Thank you, Enrique, and good afternoon. I am pleased to report that Symantec posted better-than-expected third quarter results for each of our key financial metrics. We generated strong bookings and cash flow from operations. Our solid performance in revenue and deferred revenue was driven by stability in the Storage Management business and strength in our Consumer, Backup and Data Loss Prevention businesses. GAAP revenue of $1.6 billion increased 5% in constant currency terms versus the December 2009 period. Excluding the purchase accounting deferred revenue writedown, revenue growth would've been 9% in constant currency terms. The content, the subscription and maintenance line grew 6% year-over-year and accounted for 84% of our revenue. Approximately 40 percentage points of this amount is subscription revenue from our Consumer, SaaS and Authentication solutions.  License revenue declined 1% year-over-year, reflecting the second quarter of stabilization, as compared to the previous six quarters of double-digit declines. The U.S. dollar strengthened 9% against the euro as compared to the year-ago period, decreasing our international revenue as measured in U.S. dollars. Foreign currency movements negatively impacted revenue growth by one percentage point year-over-year and positively impacted revenue growth by two percentage points sequentially. GAAP deferred revenue at the end of December 2010 reached a record $3.4 billion, up 12% year-over-year, well exceeding our expectations. This was driven by solid bookings worldwide and our recent acquisitions. The tax rate for the quarter was 24%, below our guidance of 27% due to a one-time benefit from the retroactive extension of the R&D tax credit and other one-time tax benefits recognized in the quarter. Net income of $272 million resulted in fully diluted non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.35. $0.04 of EPS benefit came from better-than-expected revenue, lower OEM placement fees and one-time tax benefits. These benefits were offset by $0.02 of EPS dilution from higher-than-expected sales commissions, given the strong bookings in deferred revenue generated in the quarter. Excluding the purchase accounting-related deferred revenue writedown of $64 million from our three recent acquisitions, EPS would have been $0.06 higher at $0.41. The acquisitions were approximately $0.03 accretive to EPS, excluding the deferred revenue haircut.  Looking at our geographic results, international revenue of $837 million increased 9% year-over-year and accounted for 52% of total GAAP revenue. Asia Pacific/Japan revenue increased 8% year-over-year, while the Europe, Middle East, Africa and Americas regions both increased 5% year-over-year. During the quarter, the euro weakened against the U.S. dollar while the yen and Singapore dollar strengthened against the U.S. dollar. We have accounted for these movements in our currency adjusted growth rates.  Now I'd like to move on to GAAP revenue and GAAP operating margin by segment. The Consumer business generated revenue of $498 million, up 5% year-over-year, as we leveraged our retail, OEM, ISP and online channels to attract and retain more consumers. Norton 360 generated another quarter of double-digit revenue growth and accounted for 38% of total Consumer revenue. We continue to expect stable revenue growth in the Consumer segment as we benefit from ongoing improvements in renewal rates, driven by our eCommerce platform, growth in PC units and enhancements to the trial experience. GAAP operating margin for our Consumer segment was 44% as compared to 43% in the December 2009 quarter. The operating margin improved year-over-year due to lower-than-expected OEM placement fees.  Turning now to our Enterprise business. We generated a total of 544 transactions valued at more than $300,000 each, up 18% year-over-year. 118 of these transactions generated more than $1 million, up 9% year-over-year. Of our deals valued at more than $300,000, 77% included more than one of our products and 38% of our deals over $1 million included sales from both our Security and Storage segments, emphasizing our ability to cross sell our broad product portfolio.  The Storage and Server Management segment generated revenue of $600 million, an increase of 3% as compared to the December 2009 quarter. Revenue from our Backup and Archiving business increased 5% year-over-year, driven by the strength of our integrated solutions focused on deduplication and virtual environments. Revenue from our Storage Management business increased 1% year-over-year. GAAP operating margin for our Storage and Server Management segment was 46% as compared to 49% in the December 2009 quarter, driven by higher sales commission expenses resulting from strong bookings growth during the quarter. The Security and Compliance segment generated revenue of $417 million, up 14% year-over-year, driven by strength in DLP and our acquisitions.  Total revenue for the acquired businesses was $66 million compared to our expectation of $56 million. The VeriSign security acquisition performed better-than-expected, generating revenue of $48 million, while PGP and GuardianEdge posted revenue of $18 million. The combined EPS dilution from these acquisitions was $0.035, $0.01 less dilutive than our expectation of $0.045.  GAAP operating margin for our Security and Compliance segment was 12%, as compared to 28% in the December 2009 quarter, primarily driven by increased expenses from our three acquisitions and higher sales commissions. Excluding the deferred revenue writedown, the Security and Compliance operating margin would have totaled 23%. Our Services business generated revenue of $89 million, as we continued to transition our consulting practice to specialized partners. Our Managed Security Services business generated double-digit bookings growth, driven by increased adoption of our information security services within the Enterprise segment.  GAAP operating margin for our Services segment was 7% as compared to 10% in the December 2009 quarter.  Turning now to total company margins, non-GAAP gross margin was 85.3% for the December 2010 quarter, down 110 basis points from the year-ago period, driven by the acquired VeriSign security business. Non-GAAP operating margin was 23.6%, down 460 basis points compared to the December 2009 quarter, primarily driven by our recent acquisitions and higher commission expenses. Excluding the effect of the acquired deferred revenue writedown, our operating margin for the December quarter would have been 26.7%. Cash flow from operating activities for the December quarter totaled $460 million, up 17% year-over-year as reported. Cash flow benefited from acquisitions, higher billings and lower tax payments. During the last 12 months, we have generated $1.8 billion in cash flow from operations. We exited the December quarter with $2.45 billion in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, with 49% of our cash balance in the U.S. During the quarter, we spent $265 million to repurchase approximately 16 million shares at an average price of $17.03.  We remain confident in the strength of our cash flow generation and continue to be committed to returning value to our shareholders. With that goal in mind, our Board of Directors has approved a new $1 billion share repurchase program.  Now I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing our guidance for the March 2011 quarter. We are assuming an exchange rate of $1.35 per euro versus the weighted average rate of $1.38 per euro and the end-of-period rate of $1.35 per euro during the March 2010 quarter. Our guidance assumes a common stock equivalents total for the quarter of approximately 775 million shares and an effective tax rate, before consideration of any loss from our joint venture, of 27%. Thus, for the March 2011 quarter, we expect GAAP revenue to be in the range of $1.585 billion to $1.605 billion, as compared to revenue of $1.53 billion during the March 2010 quarter. We are expecting acquisition-related revenue to total $70 million. The VeriSign security business is expected to generate $55 million and PGP and GuardianEdge are expected to contribute $15 million to our March quarter revenue.  We expect year-over-year revenue to be up 4% to 5% on an as-reported basis. GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be between $0.15 and $0.16, as compared to $0.23 in the year-ago period. Non-GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be between $0.35 and $0.36, as compared to $0.40 in the year-ago period. We expect $0.02 of dilution as a result of our VeriSign acquisition. PGP and GuardianEdge will be neutral to EPS in the March quarter as expected. In addition, our EPS guidance includes approximately $0.01 of dilution, resulting from our senior note issuance and credit facility replacement. Historically, PC unit shipments decline sequentially from December to March. While industry analysts are forecasting PC unit shipments to increase, a significant amount of unit growth will be driven from emerging markets. As a result, we expect OEM expenses to be flat sequentially.  Including $48 million of deferred revenue writedown amortization for the March quarter, non-GAAP earnings per share would be higher by approximately $0.05 and would be between $0.40 and $0.41. GAAP deferred revenue is estimated to be between $3.61 billion and $3.64 billion, compared to $3.21 billion at the end of March 2010. We are expecting deferred revenue to be up 13% to 14% on an as-reported basis. 67% or $1.07 billion of our March quarter revenue is estimated to come from the balance sheet. We are expecting another strong deferred revenue quarter, driving higher sales commissions as we complete our fiscal year.  In closing, we were pleased with our performance during the December quarter and will continue to focus on consistent execution, M&A integration and expense management. And now I'll turn it back to Helyn so that we can take some of your questions.
Helyn Corcos: Thank you, James. Gwen, will you please begin polling for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Helyn Corcos: While the operator is polling for questions, I'd like to update you on a few upcoming events. We will be presenting at the Goldman Sachs conference on February 16 and at the Morgan Stanley conference on March 1. We will be reporting our fiscal fourth quarter results on May 11. In addition, please save the dates for our Vision User Conference on May 3 and 4 and our Financial Analyst Day on May 26. More information regarding details and registration of these events will be distributed later in the quarter. For a complete list of all of our investor-related events, please visit our Events Calendar on the Investor Relations website. Gwen, we're ready for our first question.
Operator: And we'll take our first question from John DiFucci with JPMorgan.
John DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co: James, first question is for you. And I'm curious if deferred revenue was better than you expected, are you seeing a return to customers being more willing to buy longer-term contracts, longer-term maintenance contracts?
James Beer: No, we're not seeing any change in the structure of the buying, if you will. It's very much the same sort of customer environment as we've seen in the last year or year and a half or so. We've just been pleased by the overall volume of bookings driving through to the third.
John DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So it's just more license with more maintenance that's just driving it, just better business volumes.
Enrique Salem: No, what's happening, John, is that we're also seeing as our cloud-based offerings are more service-based, they create deferred revenue. So our MSS business performed very well. We continued adoption of cloud-based services. And those, our more subscription-oriented, they go onto the balance sheet.
John DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And just a follow-up, Enrique, more on the Storage Management, you mentioned in your prepared remarks that it was now stable and you've seen the last couple of quarters where it had been a tough business. I'm just curious, though, I would think that most of that business at this point is maintenance or maintenance-like. And I would assume -- I guess, how should we be thinking about that going forward? Would we assume that, that stability would continue? And perhaps, could we see any growth out of that? Or is there a reason that we could see that decline again?
Enrique Salem: I think what we did at Analyst Day is we gave you a range, kind of thinking about a three-year view that basically says that business is flat to slightly down. Now what we're seeing, though, is we've gotten new solutions like Application HA and VirtualStore that we co-developed with VMware that are helping customers think about how they continue to migrate more of their infrastructure to use virtualization. So they're taking that, a lot of customers tell me they're about 1/3 of the way, maybe 40% through virtualizing their servers. With these new technologies, they now can think about how do they go to those production applications and move them into the markets. So, I think that we're clearly seeing some benefit from the new technologies that we started shipping in the last quarter of 2010.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Brad Zelnick with Macquarie.
Brad Zelnick - Macquarie Research: Enrique, just as I look at the Consumer business, and it's a nice performance that reflects your industry-leading products. But I also look back over this past year, you have a PC cycle that peaked about a year ago, and you're still seeing benefits from the Digital River insourcing that you've done, which sounds like it's been very successful for you. But, as you look out onto the horizon, the future of the Consumer business, what are the growth drivers that you'll be talking about a few quarters from now? And what will be the needs of modernization when we look at that business in the future, beyond just the traditional model of converting trialware on PCs?
Enrique Salem: As we think about the Consumer business, you heard me talk a little bit about our Norton Everywhere initiative. And so what we've got to do is absolutely go beyond the PC. What Janice and her team are doing is they're thinking about a whole range of new capabilities. You also heard me comment on some new consumer services, the notion of how do we help customers, in effect, clean up their PCs, stabilize their PCs. And so there's a series of service offerings that we're bringing to market. So, it's a combination of going beyond the PC and also delivering new service-based offerings. And so you can take a look at a number of those new services. We're starting to see some good performance from them and they're also good differentiators. So bottom line is you have got to go beyond the PC.
Brad Zelnick - Macquarie Research: When I look at the large deal metrics, they seem fairly strong. But Enrique, in the past, you've talked about SMB being a very large opportunity for Symantec, and particularly VS, and things that you could do in the channel. I was wondering if you could give us an update. When you think about the mix of the business, what are you seeing downmarket? And are there any metrics that you can put that?
Enrique Salem: As we look at the SMB segment, it still remains a very big opportunity. An interesting stat for you is that there are roughly in the range of about 25 million, 26 million companies that are below the 25-user range. And so what that means is you have got to be able to capitalize on that lower end of the SMB segment. And so that's an area that we see a good opportunity. The other thing that's happening that's important is our partners are saying we want to be able to become more of a managed service provider. And so we're moving our capabilities to be integrated with some of the other platforms that are currently available one the marketplace and obviously, looking at how do we leverage some of our existing technology. As far as metrics, what I would tell you is the two big products that are sold into that segment are our Endpoint Security and our Backup Exec. And so the benefits over time will show up in deferred revenue, that we're seeing some of it there already, and then over time translating into recognized revenue.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc: Enrique, James, I was wondering if you could talk a bit about the Security business, which if I back out the SSL, it looks like it was about flat. And I know that you said DLP was strong. Just kind of want to get some more insight into what's going on in the core Endpoint and other businesses that contribute the majority of that business?
Enrique Salem: As you look at the Endpoint business, what we're doing there is we're continuing to simplify the offering and make sure that the low end of the market, as I just talked about in the previous question, doesn't have to install a full product. We're shipping new technologies, like Symantec Hosted Endpoint Protection, where we think that, that will be a nice driver for the SMB segment. If there was one spot where we've got to continue to work on improvement, I think it's in the SMB segment in EMEA, Europe, Middle East and Africa, where I think we're still a bit behind where we would like to be. And that's an area of opportunity for improvement.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc: And then I guess probably for Enrique, you as well, just on the FileStore appliances and the strategy there, I know you have the option with Huawei coming up here in a week or so to take the majority ownership, and you're starting to ship those appliances more broadly and really go after a new market there. I'm wondering if you could maybe kind of give us a picture of what you're thinking about there. Is this a market you think will be -- or a product area you think will be much bigger for Symantec that you'll take on the joint venture and become more of a hardware vendor? Just some understanding on kind of the strategy there will be helpful.
Enrique Salem: When we entered the joint venture, we thought about three important things. One, appliance form factors becoming more important to our customers. Two, we wanted better access to the Chinese market. And three, our partner has a big presence in the network side of the telecommunications providers. The joint venture is doing very well. They were able to exceed their plan for the full calendar year 2010. And so at this point, those three things are still important to us. You heard me comment about appliances. You mentioned the FileStore appliance. And so what we're doing right now is we're in active discussions with Huawei about how do we want to proceed with the joint venture. But right now, the joint venture is performing well, and it's creating value. So, we're obviously very engaged in those conversations. And we don't have an update right now, but over the next several months, we'll be able to comment more about the disposition of the 2% or potentially a little bit more.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Daniel Ives with FBR Capital Markets.
Michael Bauer: This is actually Mike for Dan. Just another quick question on the core Enterprise Security business. Can you just speak maybe just one the deal trends? And have you seen anything different in the competitive environment now that with the McAfee acquisition basically almost completed now?
Enrique Salem: What we're seeing now is we're absolutely winning deals in large enterprise from McAfee. And at this point, they feel like they are a bit of disarray. I mean, we've had a lot of their sales people in Europe come talk to us. We've customers asking the question, "Is McAfee going to get subsumed and become distracted?" And so we see there's an opportunity. Now that deal should close here momentarily, and I think that's where you'll really see the opportunity for Symantec.
Operator: And we'll go next to Heather Bellini with ISI Group.
Heather Bellini - ISI Group Inc.: Enrique, I was wondering if you could give a sense for the dilution that you're having on your GAAP margins this year as a result of the acquisitions. I know you mentioned that for the quarter you just ended. But, I'm trying to look ahead to next year, and assuming no other deals, how should we think about margins then stepping up from this dilution in fiscal '11 and fiscal '12. And then on top of that, at your Analyst Day back in May, you mentioned a GAAP margin target of 30% in fiscal '13. I'm just trying to get a sense for if you still feel comfortable with that.
Enrique Salem: Let me just give you a comment. Obviously, our goal in what we've been doing, Heather, is thinking about how do we grow the top line, but also we've got to continue to manage expenses. This quarter, we exceeded our deferred revenue about $200 million ahead of consensus, and that drove a bit higher commission expense. But ultimately, our goal is to continue to do a good job, an improving job of managing expenses. I'll let James comment as far as the dilution for next year from the current acquisitions.
James Beer: Well, it's a little early to be talking about the next fiscal year. But as I mentioned in my remarks, I would expect the PGP, GuardianEdge deals to be neutral to EPS even in the March quarter. And so, I would expect benefit in fiscal '12. And you see that same sort of trajectory around the VeriSign dilution as well. So, I would certainly be expecting to get to an increasing situation in fiscal '12. Ex the deferred revenue writedown, the deals are accretive already, again as I mentioned.
Heather Bellini - ISI Group Inc.: I guess what I'm trying to get at is given the margins you just guided to, if there is a 200 basis point hit this year in fiscal '11, if you think that you can then progress if you were to normalize for that in fiscal '12. I'm just trying to get a sense for how should we think of margin progression, and then just the target that you guys threw out at Analyst Day, of 30%, if that still holds, so then we could kind of string things together a little bit for modeling purposes.
James Beer: Well, this is one of the reasons why we go to the level of detail, so that you can see each of the primary lines of the P&L, ex the deferred revenue haircut. So, we've given the operating margin and so forth on a more neutralized basis, if you will. And as Enrique said, we'll continue to manage expenses in FY '12 very tightly. Again, as was the case in fiscal '11, we're looking to drive efficiencies in the traditional parts of the business in order to be able to put the right level of spending into the new areas of growth for the future. So, I would expect as we continue on through this FY '12 planning season that we're very much in the middle of right now that, that will continue to be the emphasis.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Adam Holt with Morgan Stanley.
Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley: I had a follow-up about margins and specifically, the consumer margins. It looks like over the last couple of quarters, margins are stabilizing in the mid-40s. And I wanted to understand, I guess, first of all, is that an accurate statement? Do you feel like we've seen stabilization in the consumer margins? And to what extent would you expect the deceleration in the consumer PC market to potentially actually put upward pressure on those margins over the next 12 to 18 months?
James Beer: Well, I think you're right, Adam, in characterizing the consumer margins as having stabilized thus far in fiscal '11 versus the situation in fiscal '10. And I would expect that, that, too, will be what continues in the fourth quarter. And again, a little early to look beyond into fiscal '12, but we're pleased with that stabilization that we've seen in the margins this year.
Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley: And then if I could just drill down on the large deal activity, you had very good activity in sort of the medium-sized large deals and the larger deals. Now there's seasonality obviously in December. As you look in the pipe to your fiscal fourth quarter, do you see the same kind of mix relative to the larger deals? And from a product perspective, what's driving that? Is it more bundling? Is it bigger average deal sizes across a number of products? What's the driver there?
Enrique Salem: What I would tell, Adam, is very specifically, we're seeing that people are buying more of the portfolio. I think James commented about 77% of the deals had multiple products. And that's been one of the areas we've been pushing on pretty hard because when we do some of the analysis in our customer base, a lot of them, especially as you look at the Enterprise segment, which is below the largest companies, they have one, maybe two products. So, the ability to cross sell the portfolio is absolutely helping us. The other thing that's happening is customers are still not pre-buying the out years, years two and three, as they've done in the past. And so that's why we're getting the cluster of deals in that $300,000 and $500,000 range. But it's absolutely the benefit of our portfolio and the ability to cross sell.
Operator: And we'll go next to Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank: Enrique, just on the deferred revenue, you're seeing deferred revenue growth that you haven't seen for quite some time. I guess, can you just give us what signs you're seeing that's giving you confidence that this is a sustainable trend versus just a snapback off of easy comps? Is there anything that's giving you more confidence that we're actually in a better spending cycle for a longer period versus just a quick snap?
Enrique Salem: What you want to look at is there's a couple of trends that are favoring or moving us to a more ratable or deferred revenue model. First, as we go to cloud-based services, if you look at MSS doing well, hosted services. And in hosted services, not just hosted messaging security, but you also have our trust services or SSL business, which is also a deferred revenue or ratable revenue recognition. So you've got a move to cloud-based services that's going to move to more of a subscription. I think the second part of it is, absolutely are seeing the good momentum in a number of different product lines that continue to drive that deferred revenue balance. And so, my sense is the biggest driver is the move to hosted or subscription-based products that will become ratable instead of license maintenance.
James Beer: The only thing I would add to that is that when you look at the history of our deferred revenue growth on a constant currency basis, both of the previous two December quarters saw growth of 3% year-over-year, even though the economic environment was clearly a very tough one in both of those periods. So, we're seeing robust growth of really reasonable basis in deferred revenue.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank: And just a quick follow up, what percent of the revenue do you think could be hosted in a couple of years as a percent in the overall revenue?
Enrique Salem: I haven't done a recent calculation for a 12-month period, but again, we are seeing good momentum across the MSS business, the hosted services and the VeriSign trust services.
Operator: And we'll go next to Robert Breza with RBC Capital Markets.
Robert Breza - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: James, maybe can you talk to us about a little bit as you look at the strong bookings numbers, great deferred revenue strength, your guidance in deferred revenue, how should we think about that flowing through in terms of revenue model, maybe one or two quarters out? I mean, clearly, it looks clearly like bookings/deferred revenue are going to lead here. How should we think about the delay factor in terms of coming into the revenue model in terms of putting up double-digit growth?
James Beer: Well, if you take out deferred revenue balance, you can think of it flowing into the P&L over a 12- to 18-month period. And that's probably the good rule of thumb to be applying.
Robert Breza - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: That far out, 12 to 18 months?
James Beer: Yes. I mean, obviously, it depends on the mix of what's making up that deferred revenue at any particular point in time. But, it's a tail there, it's clearly not a straight-line function. But, over the next 12 to 18 months, it's generally where we see the balance of any point in time fully into the P&L.
Robert Breza - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And maybe, Enrique, as you look at the joint venture, clearly, it seems to be benefiting you both, each party, is there any way to kind of strategically unlock some shareholder value here? Or how do you kind of look at that as you approach the board?
Enrique Salem: As I talk to the board, it's really continuing to execute against the priorities that we set for the business. We actually believe China is becoming more and more important going forward, and so that joint venture gives us a significant presence. I was in China in early December, and just the ability to have the largest tech company in China, basically, as your partner gives you a nice halo effect. And so, what we talk about is how are we doing against the strategic objectives of the joint venture? And what I'm happy to report on is across the three we outlined, we are doing exactly what we expected. And so, at this point, the joint venture, as it grows its revenue, is creating value and we expect to continue on that trajectory. So our goal is to work with Huawei right now to figure what is the best path forward for the joint venture with us and Huawei being its parents.
Robert Breza - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: If you look at the Consumer business, clearly, you talked about the data storage portion of it, and you gave some anecdotal evidence of the growth there. I mean, can you talk to us about how do we think about the additional services and the move to Norton 360 and the additional services versus kind of like this whole tablet phenomenon? Help us kind of think about the investor phenomenon, where you're offering a more service-orientated architectures opportunity for them versus this kind of declining PC environment to kind of help investors think about that?
Enrique Salem: Well, what we're doing is we're absolutely on a strategy, both for the Consumer and Enterprise business that is device-independent. We feel that we need to deliver capabilities on any device anywhere, anytime. And that's what Janice outlined for the Consumer business at the last Analyst Day. She talked about it under the Norton Everywhere title. And what we'll definitely do is continue to move in that direction. And what you should expect is over the next six to nine months, we'll continue to extend the capabilities across platforms. But today, with Norton Connect, you're already able to access the content that's being backed up using Norton 360 from your iPhone, from your Android device. And so, at this point, what we're doing is going to extend the capabilities so on any device, you'll be able to take advantage of the information you may be creating or using from your PC. So, the important notion here that customers are telling us is tablets and mobile devices are companion devices, not necessarily replacement. So, what we expect, while we may not see the same level of growth in the PC market, we do still expect growth in PCs. But then the ability to be across all of the devices is what becomes more important going forward.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Katherine Egbert with Jefferies.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I want to follow up on the closure of the McAfee deal. Enrique said very specifically that would help you. Are you running programs to convert customers once that deal is closing? And how many people do you expect to hire from McAfee?
Enrique Salem: I don't think we have a target as far as who we're going to hire. We're just saying that there is some level of interest in people to leave that organization. And so, our expectation is that, that will continue to create some disruption. As far as targeted programs, it's a competitive environment and we're always looking at ways to continue to gain share in the Security business until we've had a number of different programs, and we're obviously going to continue those programs as we move forward.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Neil Herman with Soleil Securities.
Neil Herman - Soleil Securities Group, Inc.: Obviously, you showed a 12% growth in your deferred revenue line. Could you give us a sense from a longer-term perspective if we assume that the IT spending environment remains fairly stable and the overall economic environment remains fairly stable? Could you kind of give us a sense as to your longer-term growth objectives from a top line perspective over the next couple of years?,
Enrique Salem: As we look at it in the last Analyst Day, we talked about the portfolio, right? We have a portfolio of capabilities, and I don't think I'm going to change anything that James talked about. And so, as we think about it, it's absolutely -- we believe it's a mid-single-digits number that we are targeting right now. And the environment continues to improve from here. There'll be opportunities because from our perspective, we've got a fantastic portfolio, and it's getting better. But a lot of it, as you say Neil, is driven by what's happening in the overall IT environment.
Neil Herman - Soleil Securities Group, Inc.: And then I was wondering if you feel like you're through the drag associated with the end of the Oracle relationship? Or is that still somewhat of a continuing drag for you?
Enrique Salem: On specifically, the drag, we definitely feel that there's a little bit more to that pail. There's probably another six months or so left, where the Oracle deal is a bit of a drag. But, then we have new things, other partners, who are doing very well with that business, specifically HP and Linux or Red Hat, were showing real clear improvements. And then the big opportunity is clearly around VMware with some of the new capabilities around AppHA and VirtualStore.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Phil Winslow with Crdit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse AG: Just want to focus in [ph] on your Enterprise business a bit. License revenue was only down, I think, of about 3% year-over-year, which has definitely been an improvement sort of each quarter over the past few quarters here. How much of that is just sort of the stabilization for the Oracle and the Storage Foundation business versus how much do you think you're seeing sort of just an improvement or stabilization in the sales force efficiency? And Enrique, what are the steps you think or, I guess, the milestones you look for that will start to turn that positive?
Enrique Salem: So Phil, you're right to say the headwind that we faced in the transition of Sun and the slowing of the Solaris platform has been a factor. And then you touched on the other side of it, which is sales force execution. I think that the combination of the product portfolio, we've got a lot of demand for products like DLP for products like NetBackup, and we've got a focused sales force. So that combination is what's driving the improvement. There's still more work to do, but I'm very pleased with how our sales force performed around the world. Usually, I'll talk about one region did well or another, but what I saw was consistent execution across the sales force across the world. And my expectation is that, that will continue into the March quarter and beyond.
James Beer: Yes. And I'd just further add that while the Sun-Oracle OEM contract certainly had an impact year-over-year on license revenue, and we would expect that to continue on for the next two or three quarters year-over-year, we saw very nice traction around products like NetBackup, Backup Exec, our Archiving products as well. And those are big drivers of license revenue.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Philip Rueppel with Wells Fargo.
Philip Rueppel: A couple of clarifications. First of all, on the Enterprise business, the strength there, did you see the sales cycles contract? And if so, was that kind of a calendar year-end phenomenon? Or given your commentary about expected strength in bookings, is that something that's likely to continue and/or is that sort of a new normal?
Enrique Salem: I would tell you I didn't see a change in sales cycles. I think we had a robust pipeline going into the quarter, and we saw a good deal closure, but nothing different than we expected. As far as new normal, I think we've got good sales force execution right now. Team is doing very well, products are doing well, and so I expect that to continue into March and beyond.
Philip Rueppel: And then finally, a follow-up, of the three strategic priorities going forward, the mobile or the Norton Everywhere, is probably the less-developed but potentially has the biggest opportunity. You mentioned sort of six to nine months. Is that a timeframe where we could start to see meaningful bookings and some of these early wins start to become widely deployed? Or is it something that is going to take the better part of a year or two?
Enrique Salem: I think it will take -- it's a multi-year effort as this move to mobility continues to increase, and businesses and consumers think about what they need to do on those devices. Because it's not just a security play. One of the categories is how do you manage those devices. So it's a combination of management and security. When I mentioned six to nine months, you'll expect to hear more, for example, at the Barcelona World Congress. You'll hear some of the thoughts that we've got around new partnerships and new capabilities, expect to hear at Analyst Day later in May, specifically about some of the new initiatives. And so that's what I'm referencing in the six to nine months. But as far as the revenue and having a big impact on our total business, it will take a little bit longer.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back to Enrique Salem for closing remarks.
Enrique Salem: Thanks, operator. Well, I'm pleased with the team's execution in our better-than-expected December quarter results. I'm optimistic about our prospects for the March quarter, and so I'd like to thank everybody for joining us this afternoon. And I look forward to speaking with you again soon. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q1  (2010-07-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Enrique Salem - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director James Beer - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Helyn Corcos - Vice President of Investors Relations
Analysts: Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley Katherine Egbert - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank John DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co Neil Herman - Soleil Securities Group, Inc. Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse AG Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Philip Rueppel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Daniel Ives - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc. Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank AG Richard Williams - Cross Research Ventsi Stoichev
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Symantec's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Miss Helyn Corcos. Please go ahead.
Helyn Corcos: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our call to discuss fiscal first quarter 2011 financial results. With me today are Enrique Salem, Symantec's President and CEO; and James Beer, Symantec's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. In a moment, I will turn the call over to Enrique. He will discuss how Symantec executed during the quarter. Then James will provide highlights of our financial results as well as discuss our guidance assumptions as outlined in the press release. This will be followed by a question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay on Symantec's Investor Relations website at www.symantec.com /invest. A copy of today's press release and supplemental financial information are posted on our website and a copy of today's prepared remarks will be available on our Investor Relations website shortly after the call is completed. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that we will review our financial results focusing on year-over-year constant currency growth rates unless otherwise stated. Sequential growth rates are based on as reported results. For June 2010 quarter, the actual weighted average exchange rate was $1.26 per euro and the end-of-period rate was also $1.26 per euro, compared to our guided rate of $1.35 per euro. For the June 2009 quarter, the actual weighted average rate was $1.37 per euro, and the end-of-period rate was $1.40 per euro. We've included a summary of the year-over-year constant currency and actual growth rates in our press release table and in our supplemental information. As a reminder, we will provide a currency update following the end of each quarter. This will be posted on our website's quarterly results section. Given the rapidly fluctuating exchange environment, we encourage everyone to apply our rules of thumb as a guide to estimating the impact of currency fluctuations on our financial metrics once the quarter has ended. Moving on. Some of the information discussed on this call, including our projections regarding revenue, operating results, deferred revenue, cash flow from operations, amortization of acquisition-related intangibles and stock-based compensation for the coming quarter, contain forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in statement. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties can be found in the company's most recent periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Symantec assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. In addition to reporting financial results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, Symantec reports non-GAAP financial metrics. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP results, which can be found in the press release and on our website. And now I would like to introduce our CEO, Mr. Enrique Salem.
Enrique Salem: Thank you, Helyn, and good afternoon, everyone. I'd like to start off by highlighting our key priorities for fiscal 2011. These priorities are: extending beyond the PC in consumer security, growing license sales, expanding the adoption of our SaaS offerings and simplifying the customer and partner experience. While we made progress in some of these areas during the June quarter, a number of enterprise deals slipped due to a longer than expected customer procurement cycles driven by continued cautiousness among IT buyers. In particular, this affected our Storage Management results. With that said, we are confident that these deals have not been lost to competitors, as in fact, we have closed many of them in July. Having said that, highlights for the quarter included strong results in our Public Sector business and continued strength in DLP and SaaS. In addition, we are beginning to reap the rewards of our new backup solutions and are pleased with the steady growth in the Consumer business. The integration of PGP and GuardianEdge is off to a great start with customers excited with the addition of new encryption offerings to our portfolio. Were pleased with the year-over-year growth in public sector deals for state, local and federal governments. We signed a multi-year contract with the U.S. Marine Corps who chose to use NetBackup with their Enterprise IT Services program. In addition, SESCAM, a Public Health Care Department in Spain, signed a multi-year contract spanning across our Endpoint Security, backup storage and service offerings. Our recent acquisition of GuardianEdge is resonating well within the government sector due to the adoption of standards-based solutions and increased regulatory encryption requirements. This positions us well for the federal government fiscal year and in September. In our Enterprise Security segment, we continue to do well in a large and mid-sized enterprise market segments. In particular, customers are adopting DLP, which generated another strong quarter of double-digit growth. Our DLP solution continues to shift the focus of security from simply locking down the infrastructure to protecting the information itself. As a result, we are leveraging our relationships with CISOs to sell our data protection suite along with our endpoint security, management and compliance suites. Customers are increasingly turning towards vendors that offer complete security solutions versus point product tools. Our suites enable customers to protect completely, manage easily and control automatically the assets most crucial to their business. Were seeing higher Net Promoter Scores as for our Enterprise Security suites driven by the recent improvement in customer experience and quality. We continue to address the SMB market by increasing our focus with our channel partners. For example, we have expanded our small business specialization partner program. More and more small business customers are increasingly adopting managed services to reduce upfront licensing costs and operational expenses. As a result, we expanded our service prior program, enabling our partners to offer customers a monthly subscription. This licensing model aligns with the way these partners do business with their customers. The Symantec Hosted Services business posted strong, double-digit revenue growth. Our performance was driven by Hosted E-mail Security and newer products such as Web Security. In the last 12 months, we grow our customer base by 50% and we remain the clear leader in this fast growing market by gaining share from our competitors around the world. In May, we launched our internally developed Symantec Hosted Endpoint Protection solution. The early response from our customers has been very positive do to its ease of use and lighter footprint on the endpoint. Our hosted Endpoint Protection solution was jointly developed leveraging the combined answer please enterprise, consumer and hosted services teams. We will continue to expand our portfolio by delivering additional hosted services such as Data Loss Prevention and archiving. I'm pleased with the progress were making in this part of the business. Now moving on to our backup and archiving business. Backup Exec posted double-digit bookings growth of year-over-year across all geographies. Backup Exec 2010 has been one of our strongest backup releases to date. Theres been more than 155,000 installations since its February release. Small and medium-sized organizations are excited about our simplify data management from integrated deduplication and archiving as well as virtual machine protection. We will continue to educate and engage our partners on the new features and benefits of the product. Since the launch of NetBackup 7, we have seen more than 2,350 installations and over 12,000 customers are evaluating the product, representing approximately of 25% of the NetBackup install base. Customers value the improved storage efficiency with integrated deduplication, greater infrastructure utilization and faster recovery times, which reduces the total cost of ownership. We expect this release to benefit us in the second half of this fiscal year. In the September quarter, we expect to ship a new version of our archiving product, Enterprise Vault 9.0. With this release, we plan to include support for Exchange and SharePoint 2010, enhance the deduplication and additional e-Discovery capabilities. These features will make it easier for our customers to adopt and standardized on our archiving solution. Our Consumer business generated another quarter of solid growth driven by our award-winning products, superior user experience and multi-channel strategy. We continue to enter into agreements that are beneficial to both Symantec and our partners. As we announced in June, we are pleased to have extended our worldwide consumer security relationship with HP for another three years. This quarter, we expected our security OEM relationship with Toshiba to include Norton PC Checkup in the U.S., Australia and New Zealand. Norton PC Checkup helps customer become aware of PC performance problems and recommends possible solutions. This is an opportunity to up-sell our Norton Security, backup and remote service offerings. Our PC Tools business achieved double-digit revenue growth this quarter. We are leveraging Symantec's extensive distribution network to distribute PC Tools worldwide. For example, PC Tools is now being sold in retail stores in France, Spain, Portugal and Hong Kong, taking shelf space from competitors. We also introduced PC Tools into the Japanese markets through a co-branded security solution with BBSS, a Softbank Group company, displacing our largest Japanese competitor. We completed the transition to our eCommerce platform in June as planned. The performance from our online store is surpassing our expectations. We can tailor the user experience depending on where the customer acquired our product to maximize customer spend and improve close rates. I'm very proud of the team's strong execution on this very strategic initiative. I'm pleased with the progress we've made since the close of the acquisitions of PGP and GuardianEdge in early June. Through the efforts of our integrated sales force, we exceeded our bookings expectations. The acquisitions generated revenues of $4 million and diluted EPS by $0.005, in line with our plans. Encryption is being sold by the combined sales force, and the integrated product roadmap is already complete. Customers and partners are responding well and I'm pleased with how we've executed so far. The acquisition of VeriSigns security businesses is on track to close shortly. I'm very excited about adding identity security to our portfolio as it strengthens our core value proposition in securing and managing information. By bringing together our security portfolios, we will be the only company capable to protect identities online and create hassle-free experiences for our consumer and enterprise customers. I look forward to updating you on this acquisition in subsequent quarters. In conclusion, we remain confident in our strategy and vision of securing and managing information and identities. We are focused on delivering industry-leading products, integrated technologies and cross-selling the portfolio. I'm confident that we have laid the foundation for continued to improved execution in the September quarter. I'll now turn over the call to James to provide the financial details for the quarter.
James Beer: Thank you, Enrique, and good afternoon, everyone. In the June quarter, we saw strength in our Backup, Data Loss Prevention and public sectors sales. In addition, our Software-as-a-Service offerings posted double-digit growth. However, these positive developments were offset by the longer enterprise procurement cycles that Enrique referred to. Given the relatively high volume of our business that typically gets booked during the last week of a quarter, the additional time taken by some of our corporate customers impacted the June quarter's results. This buying dynamic was primarily a factor at some of our larger customers who typically buy products such as our storage management offerings. GAAP revenue was $1.43 billion and increased 2% in constant currency terms versus the June 2009 period. U.S. dollar strengthened 8% against the Euro as compared to the year-ago period, reducing our international revenue as measured in U.S. dollars. As a result, foreign currency movements negatively impacted revenue growth by two percentage points year-over-year. Net income was $284 million, resulting in fully diluted non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.35. The reversal of accrued interest related to the successful outcome in our Veritas 2000 to 2001 tax case added a one-time tax benefit of $0.01 to this quarter's non-GAAP earnings per share. Other one-time tax benefits recorded during the quarter generated another $0.005 of earnings per share benefit. Looking at our geographic results, international revenue of $711 million increased 3% year-over-year and accounted for 50% of total GAAP revenue. Revenue increased 2% year-over-year in each of our three geographies: the Americas; Europe, Middle East, Africa; and Asia Pacific/Japan. Now I'd like to move on to our GAAP revenue by segment. The Consumer business had another strong quarter generating revenue of $473 million, up 7% versus the June 2009 quarter. With the launch of our eCommerce solution, our renewal and upselling efforts continued to perform well. For example, our Norton 360 revenue grew 22% versus the reported results in a year-ago period and accounted for approximately 40% of total consumer revenue. Our Enterprise business generated a total of 245 transactions valued at more than $300,000 each, down 6% year-over-year. 37 of these transactions generated more than $1 million, down 30% year-over-year. The lengthening procurement cycles that I mentioned earlier particularly affected the number of large deals closed this quarter. The Storage and Server Management group generated revenue of $524 million and declined 3%, as compared to the June 2009 quarter. We experienced fewer new license sales in our Storage Management business. However, our newly refreshed backup products performed well. Our mid-market product, Backup Exec, generated double-digit bookings growth as a result of the successful launch of the 2010 product. New releases of our enterprise-scale Net Backup product tend to be gradually adopted by data center managers over 12 to 18 months, although we are pleased with our early deployment results and with a positive customer reaction we've seen thus far. The Security and Compliance group generated revenue of $340 million, equivalent to an increase of 2% year-over-year driven by strong growth in both Data Loss Prevention and Hosted Services. The percentage of Symantec Hosted Services bookings driven by referrals from the on-premise sales force increased sharply year-over-year. Our Services business generated revenue of $96 million, an increase of 2% as compared to the June 2009 quarter. We have received positive feedback on our recently launched partner-led consulting program and we believe that our core software business will benefit from the resulting strengthening relationships with our partners. Turning now to margins. Non-GAAP gross margin was 84.9% for the June 2010 quarter, down 30 basis points from the year-ago period. Cost of goods sold increased, as this line item now includes credit card fees driven by our new eCommerce store and also reflects our increased investment in offshore technical support centers. Our non-GAAP operating margin of 26.5% in the June 2010 quarter was down 60 basis points year-over-year, driven by higher consumer OEM fees. Cash flow from operating activities for the June quarter totaled $335 million. Cash flow was negatively affected year-over-year by higher OEM fees and cash taxes. We exited the June quarter with approximately $2.74 billion in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. During the quarter, we spent $362 million to acquire PGP and GuardianEdge. In addition, we spent $200 million to repurchase nearly 14 million shares at an average price of $14.49. We have $547 million remaining on our current board-authorized share repurchase plan. GAAP deferred revenue at the end of June 2010 was $3 billion, up 3% year-over-year. Now I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing our guidance for the September 2010 quarter. We are assuming an exchange rate of $1.26 per Euro for the September 2010 quarter versus the $1.44 per Euro that we experienced during the September 2009 quarter, equivalent to approximately a 13% currency headwind. Also the end-of-period rate for the September 2009 quarter was $1.46 per Euro versus our $1.26 per Euro assumption, equivalent to approximately a 14% currency headwind. Our guidance assumes a common stock equivalents total for the quarter of approximately 790 million shares and an effective tax rate, before consideration of any loss from our joint venture, of 28%. The acquisition of VeriSign's Identity and Authentication business is on track to close shortly. And therefore, we have already included approximately two months of revenue and contribution from the VeriSign assets in our guidance. Thus, for the September 2010 quarter, we expect GAAP revenue to be in the range of $1.445 billion to $1.465 billion, as compared to revenue of $1.47 billion during the September 2009 quarter. We are expecting PGP and GuardianEdge to contribute $10 million and VeriSign's security assets to contribute $16 million to our September quarter revenue. Once again, these acquisition-related assumptions are already included in our revenue guidance. We expect year-over-year revenue growth to be down 1% to 2% on an as reported basis and up 1% to 3% on a constant currency basis. GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be between $0.09 and $0.10, as compared to $0.19 in the year-ago period. Non-GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be between $0.27 and $0.28, as compared to $0.36 in the year-ago period. Our September quarter EPS guidance already includes $0.04 of dilution as a result of our three new acquisitions. Specifically, we are expecting VeriSign to dilute EPS by $0.03 and PGP and GuardianEdge together to dilute EPS by $0.01 in the September quarter. We expect GAAP deferred revenue to be between $2.83 billion and $2.86 billion, compared to $2.9 billion at the end of September 2009. We expect deferred revenue to be down 2% to 3% on an as reported basis and up 2% to 3% on a constant currency basis. We expect approximately 70%, or $1.03 billion, of our September quarter revenue to come from the balance sheet. In closing, we are very focused on quickly and successfully integrating our recently announced acquisitions while also executing on the growth opportunities inherent in our core business. We will continue to redirect our spending to areas with the best growth opportunities as we benefit from the various cost reduction initiatives that are driving additional efficiencies across the business. And now, I'll turn it back to Helyn so that we can take some of your questions.
Helyn Corcos: Thank you, James. Gwen, will you please begin polling for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Helyn Corcos: While the operator's polling for questions, I'd like to update you on a few upcoming events. We will be presenting at the Citi Conference on September 8. And we'll be reporting our fiscal second quarter results on October 27. For a complete list of our investor related events, please visit our events calendar on the IR website. Gwen, we're ready for our first question.
Operator: We'll go first to John DiFucci with JP Morgan.
John DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Enrique, can you comment a little bit more on the Storage business? Its not that theres a lot of expectation out of that business, at least from field checks. And from what you were saying, you're getting a lot of traction or at least interest in your new products, both Backup Exec and NetBackup. It's probably the most important products likely you've seen in many years. At the same time, we haven't seen a positive growth out of this business in quite some time.
Enrique Salem: Well, John, you did talk about NetBackup and Backup Exec. We do have great releases there, and they are continuing to get broad adoption. I mean, 25% of the base in NetBackup is looking at the product. And so we're optimistic about what we're seeing there. When you look at the core storage management business, what we're seeing is a move in our customer base to try to build out what I'll call a more distributed or scale-out data center, where they're moving to use many commodity components, commodity storage, and that's where the technologies like FileStore become more relevant. And so were definitely seeing a move in the enterprise data center from what weve traditionally seen as what I'll say the bigger focus on bigger systems to a more distributed architecture. And that's why the FileStore capabilities becoming important. So you're right. We definitely have continued to see a softness in the sale of some of the traditional products.
John DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Does that mean then that your product portfolio is just sort of outdated? And if you could just -- you mentioned that there were some deals that closed in July. Can you tell us how much they were worth?
Enrique Salem: Probably not in a position to really comment. Weve closed a number of deals at the beginning of this month or through July. I think what's going on, John, is its really a move that we're seeing. And while we continue to do very well in a number of segments, we think that the future lies more in what we're doing with some of the new products with our Cluster File System and FileStore. The product portfolio, the largest companies in the world still depend on products like Storage Foundation and Storage Foundation HA. And my expectations are that, that will continue, and theyll continue to use it in many of business-critical applications. The other thing that we're seeing that we're encouraged by, is then some of the new deployments of virtualization technology, VMware and others, they're looking to us to help drive the improved SLA or availability. And so that's going to help us with some of the clustering technologies and some of the new capabilities that we'll be shipping that will support that environment. So ultimately, it's really a shift, I would say, from the architecture and the data center to what I'll call a much more distributed scale-out architecture. And that's why we shipped some of the new products that were expecting to see some benefits as we go forward.
Operator: We'll go next to Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse AG: Just have a question on margin. Obviously, if you look at your guidance for Q2, a bit below where consensus was. How do you guys think about operating , especially kind of on a go-forward basis, I guess from two perspectives: one is just the recognition of the written down deferred revenue over time and then just really kind of on an organic basis too?
James Beer: What we said in the last couple of months is that as we look through the next three-year period, we would be able to drive operating margins to 30% driven by the core products. Now in the interim, certainly on a GAAP revenue basis, that's going to impact the operating margins that we're reporting because of this deferred revenue haircut. Now I think once we get to FY '13, we will have, in essence, got through the effects on operating margin of that deferred revenue haircut. And I would look for the three acquisitions that weve entered into recently to be added to operating margins at that time.
Operator: We'll go next to Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank: Enrique, just in terms of the lengthening sales cycles and some of the deals that slipped, was there any common characteristics that you saw in terms GO? Was this a more enterprise-related versus SMB? Can you give us a little more color in terms of what you actually saw?
Enrique Salem: I think its the cautiousness we're seeing is bigger deals as those are going through more steps and its taking a little bit longer to get through that procurement cycle. I would say we saw it both in the U.S. and in Europe. So it's not necessarily one geography, we just see a little bit more cautiousness in the larger deals.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank: I think you mentioned that you dont believe there's any new competitive dynamic. Its just a timing issue?
Enrique Salem: Yes. I'm not seeing anything new on the competitive front. And as I mentioned, some of those bigger deals, a number of them have already closed.
Operator: We'll go next to Sarah Friar with Goldman Sachs.
Ventsi Stoichev: Ventsi Stoichev for Sarah Friar. I had a quick question on geographies. I noticed that Europe was a little bit stronger than the U.S., and thats a little bit in contrast to what weve seen from some other companies that have reported so far. What drove that? And do you expect that dynamic to remain the same during the next quarter or do you expect that to change?
Enrique Salem: Sure. If you look at the various geographies throughout Europe, one of the things that we saw was we definitely saw what we call central, which is Germany, Switzerland, that market, and what we call West, the French part of, actually performing well. That's what we saw in the June quarter. I would tell you that we're going to keep monitoring whats happening in Europe, as theres definitely a bit of a tone where people are a bit more cautious. And so we're monitoring it. But what we saw that drove our results was good performance by Backup Exec, quite frankly worldwide, including Europe, and then good performance in Central Europe and the Western or French part of Europe.
Ventsi Stoichev: What was the issue in the U.S.? Is it just overall the lengthening procurement cycle?
Enrique Salem: Yes, that's correct.
Operator: We'll go next to Todd Raker with Deutsche Bank.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank AG: Can you guys talk about on the consumer side from an operating expense perspective, where you stand in terms of the transition from Digital River onto your own platform? And how we should be thinking about kind of leverage and profitability in that business going forward? And kind of where you think growth will be at the back half of the year?
Enrique Salem: Let me take the first part and then Im going to let James continue. So what we're really pleased about is that we have successfully completed that transition. When we announced it in October, we said we would be done by the end of June and now we've done that. And what were pleased about is that we now have complete control of the experience. And what does that mean? That means our ability to upsell to the suites, that it means the ability to cross-sell other capabilities. And so our ability to take over the whole experience is something that were very pleased about. With some of the details on the financials, Ill let James take that.
James Beer: Yes. In terms of the expenses around the new eCommerce platform, our day-to-day operating expenses, if you will, our effectively in place. We've now fully transitioned. So the people running the platform are with us. Now we also, of course, have started the depreciation process of what we invested in the platform, so that will play out over the next three years or so. Net nettable [ph] of that is that in past quarters, we've talked about the eCommerce platform development being dilutive to margins. We're pretty much through that effect and wed look for a positive impact on margins overall in the back half of this fiscal year.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank AG: And then just following up on the strength in Norton 360. If I look at that business, if you back out upsell, are you growing your Consumer business from a units perspective? I mean, it seems to me that the key driver here is upsell. Would that business be growing without the trade up to the suite side?
Enrique Salem: Well, the Consumer business is being driven by a couple of factors. I mean, the suites is a part of it. I think renewal rates weve talked about with regards to the Norton 360 product, when people use backup, we see improvements in the renewal rates. And then of course the other thing that we just talked about was the work around eCommerce platform. And so those things are driving the growth. So the combination of the move to suites, the better renewal rates and the move to the eCommerce platform are all benefits.
James Beer: And the other thing I would add to that, of course, is that weve got a wide variety of distribution paths for our Consumer business, both the range of OEM providers that weve further added to in the past quarter, as well as retail. So I think were unique in having this breadth of distribution.
Enrique Salem: And the other thing Id just add on, just one last thought, is the PC Tools. We're definitely getting that out there a little bit more.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess my issue, Im struggling with the fact that you guys got hit with a $0.02 impact in Q4 off of HP shipments. Same thing in the March quarter. And yet it doesn't look like the Consumer business is really accelerating and I would think that those units should be starting to transition into paid conversion.
Enrique Salem: Our expectation continues to be, and we monitor of those renewal rates very, very closely. And so there is that lag. We'll keep monitoring it. But 6%, I guess on a constant currency basis, I feel pretty good about a 6% year-over-year growth and our expectations are  and what we achieved was in line with our expectations.
Operator: We'll go next to Adam Holt with Morgan Stanley.
Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley: Maybe I'll just ask a quick follow-up to that question on the Consumer business. Obviously, there's a lag effect with consumer PC shipments in your business. As weve seen the consumer PC market accelerate for the last several quarters now starting to weaken a little bit, when do you think that tail would sort of peak for you all? And you think the recent weakness in the consumer market might actually start to impact your business?
Enrique Salem: So when you say that tail, the tail on the growth rate?
Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley: Right. So if you were to look at the PC market and the relative impact on your business, there's a little bit of the lag obviously. As consumer market accelerated and basically peaked in the spring, and now its starting to decelerate a little again, you all havent yet seen the peak impact of that acceleration. When do you think would you see that?
Enrique Salem: What you have to look at with the RPC business is you end up getting deferred revenue, and it's recognized ratably. So we've gone through and you look at the seasonality, it's pretty clear to me, December and March are the seasonally strongest quarters, tails off through going into the middle of summer and then we start re-accelerating as we get back to the holiday season. So that's consistent what we've seen every year. And so my expectation is you'll see the same thing again through this fiscal year. So it kind of slows a little bit as people go on holiday and then it picks up into the holiday season.
Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley: If I could just ask a follow-up on the license revenue in the quarter. And I apologize if I missed this earlier. But as you look at the number that's sort of down 17% year-on-year in Q1, could you walk through some of the relative impacts there? Obviously, the Sun business might have been a negative impact. But can you give us sort of what you thought were the different impacts on that? And how do you think about that turning around as you get a little bit deeper into an improved IT spending environment?
Enrique Salem: You did mention one of the components, which is we are still lapping the year-over-year impacts on the Sun business. And so I think we're getting to the tail end of that effect. I think we'll probably see that start leveling off, and then it's a matter of us, through our own sales force, driving those products into the breadth of platforms, whether it be Sun, Oracle-Sun, HP, IBM. And so our expectation is we're starting to hit the bottom of that effect. I think the other side of it is we continue to simplify, as you heard our Analyst Day, what Francis deSouza and his team are doing is creating a much simpler approach to our security solutions where you've got four suites. By simplifying the message which lines up to what customers are expecting, which is how do they get away from lots and lots of point products. That should also benefit us. So when I look across bottoming out on the Storage side; improvements in security; also the strength of the new NetBackup and Backup Exec releases; and then lastly, we did see double-digit growth in that SaaS business. So that combination of things should start seeing an improvement in new license growth.
Operator: And well go ahead and go next to Daniel Ives with FBR.
Daniel Ives - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: With the September quarter, are there any one-time OEM payments baked into the number?
Enrique Salem: I don't know of any one-time payment that we are expecting
James Beer: It would be a run rate type OEM activity.
Daniel Ives - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay, so you're saying the $0.04 from the acquisitions is the only, well say like one-time type of things that we weren't seeing three months ago?
James Beer: Yes. I would say that I would expect OEM cash fees as well as OEM OpEx to be up year-over-year. So that's certainly a pressure point for us in the short run.
Daniel Ives - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: I know you're not giving guidance, but how should you think about operating margins rest of the year?
James Beer: Well, in terms of the operating margin and just again, to really focus on what I was saying earlier about the three-year look. Clearly, this year, we've got $0.11 of dilution that is going to be driven from the three acquisitions. And that's very much a function of this deferred revenue haircut that we've been talking about. We'll get through that process in the next couple of years. We'll have fully lapped that effect, if you will. And so I think the acquisitions will be improving operating margins at FY '13 and that the core will be driving a 30% operating margin at that time.
Operator: We'll go next to Philip Rueppel with Wells Fargo.
Philip Rueppel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: You talked about the slowdown or the deal slippage at the enterprise level. Implicit in your 2Q guidance, are you sort of lowering your expected deal close rates on those big deals or on big deals in general? I guess another way to ask it is, do you expect sort of a similar selling environment to continue through Q2?
Enrique Salem: That is my expectation and thats whats figured into our guidance, is that what we saw  Im pleased with having closed some of the deals that we were targeting in June. But as we go through this quarter, I expect that the procurement cycles will remain about the same. We come through the summer, and so that's planned into our guidance for the September quarter.
Philip Rueppel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Sort of shifting to the SMB area, you had sort of talked qualitatively about some progress you'd made there, especially in the Security side. Could you give us a little color on that segment of the business in Q1?
Enrique Salem: So when you look at the products in that segment, Backup Exec and Symantec Endpoint Protection, Symantec Protection Suites are the key products. We continue to make good progress with the launch of Backup Exec and the adoption of the suites is continuing in the SMB segment in security suites. Obviously, we continue to look at opportunities to reach more of that segment. As you know, it's very diverse. But we definitely have continued plans. And I made comments, one of the things that we're doing is specializing our partners. Because what we found is the more specialized they are, the more effective they are, especially in that SMB segment. And so were going to continue to do that and my sense is that will continue to drive better performance for the security products and better performance for storage and backup products. Last comment, we shipped the new product, Symantec Hosted Endpoint Protection. That is a hosted version of our Endpoint Security technology. And the initial feedback on that has been very good and that serves that SMB segment very well. So this is another addition to the segment that I think will help improve, continue to improve performance.
Operator: We'll go next to Heather Bellini with ISI Group.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Ryan Leaf [ph] in for Heather. Just had a quick question about the enterprise markets. Last quarter, you guys mentioned that you didnt see any net pricing or pricing pressures or any changes in the deal size. Are you guys seeing any changes there? Are you seeing more of pricing pressures?
Enrique Salem: Well one of the things that we monitor very carefully is discounting. And what our results are showing is we do not see any increased pressure to further discount our products. And so comparable to previous quarters, no increased pricing pressure. And my expectation is that we are now reached a stable state from a pricing perspective.
Unidentified Analyst: And in terms of the average of deals size, are people still opting for one-year deals, as opposed to
Enrique Salem: Correct. Yes, they are.
Operator: We'll go next to Shaul Eyal with Oppenheimer.
Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: With respect to the weakness, any specific verticals you guys have seen it in or it was broad-based?
Enrique Salem: I made comments about strength in the public sector and governments around the world. When you look at the verticals, there continue to be a number of verticals that continue to perform well. We definitely have seen a more cautious tone that's fairly global, meaning U.S., Europe and across verticals, with the best performance really coming from the public sector.
Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Kind of just maybe more of a  I dont know how you guys want to address the answer to the following question. But what kind of a strategic thinking  hows the board thinking about strategic direction? Is the board happy about how the business has been progressing over the past couple of quarters? Apparently, the Storage business is kind of lagging and you want to pull it two steps back [ph]. What's kind of the internal thinking?
Enrique Salem: When we did our Analyst Day, is we spent some time sharing what we see the future of IT, what it looks like, and our expectations for that future. And so weve shared that with our board, with all of you. We'll continue to iterate on what are the capabilities, what are our opportunities for monetizing that vision. And so our expectations are that we've set a direction for our company that takes advantage of where we are very strong and then outlines what our expectations are. Because things like consumerization, that is the big trend that Symantec is uniquely positioned to take advantage of given the size and scale of our Consumer business. And so when we talk to our board, what we do is we paint a complete picture that says here's the strengths of our portfolio, here's the potential weaknesses and where theres some level of risk, and then here's where we're going with the company. And the reception that I've gotten externally -- and I was with the CIOs around the world, I was in Europe two weeks ago, met with a number of CIOs here in the U.S. over the last month, and they understand our vision. They see that this notion of protecting information, protecting people, securing identities, they're very encouraged by where we're going with the company. And I think that's what's important right now, is to execute against the current product offering and sell what we've got, but also start moving towards the direction that this new vision has outlined for Symantec.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Turits with Raymond James.
Unidentified Analyst: This is John Dorose [ph] for Michael. You mentioned strength in the public sector this quarter. Some other IT vendors out there are expecting some weakness in the federal vertical and the September quarter. Are you baking in any softness from the private sector into your guidance for September?
Enrique Salem: We just finished our business reviews for the September quarter last week. We had presentations that covered all segments. We look at plans and forecasts. We looked at pipelines. And so at this point, we've taken into account more the pipeline view and our expectations for the public sector. And we think that, that's all baked into our guidance. The other part that's important is with the acquisition of GuardianEdge, that is a product thats done very well in the public sector and that's now added to our portfolio. And what it does is when you take a small company and you add it to Symantec where buyers, especially the federal government where we have a lot of great relationships, theres going to be more confidence in working with us than working with a small company. And given the certifications they have and the capabilities, that is a plus for us in the public sector. And so we feel good about our ability to achieve our forecast in the public sector.
Unidentified Analyst: Just one more on the go-to-market strategy. I know previously youve tested out separating Storage and Security. With the weakness in Storage this quarter, is there any looking at maybe going back to that?
Enrique Salem: What we have done is our sales force continues to have a flying formation or alignment that matches up to the products in the portfolio. That's when we deal with the largest enterprises where the Enterprise segment. When we go down to smaller customers, I've been talking about this specialization in the partner community. And so were going to continue to do that. No now we've got partners who are very good on our Storage Management products. We have partners who are very good on our backup products, very good on our DLP products. So what we're trying to do is drive much more specialization that will allow better results, we think, across the product portfolio. And as far as our sales force, I'm comfortable with how we go to market with our own people.
Operator: We'll go next to Ed with CLSA.
Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Back to the enterprise Storage Management business. You commented that you're seeing cycle lengthening, but Id appreciate if you could provide just some color on your overall pipelines? Have the pipelines change, have closed rates change or are we seeing what had been more of just-in-time approach to purchasing -- focusing on larger deals that take longer to get through the pipeline?
Enrique Salem: When you look at the overall picture, the pipelines are as robust as they've been. I haven't seen a change in the ratios. Given the procurement component and the extra approvals and some of the discussions that have gone on, we did see a slight change in the close rate for some of the bigger deals. When you look at the other segments, SMB, we didn't see that, for example, in products like Backup Exec and some of our suites. So it would be more pipeline ratios seem to be appropriate. We do see a little bit close rates in the larger deals decreasing a little bit. And then we also, our expectation is that, that will continue in this quarter.
Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: On the consumer, will you track the conversion of trial to paid? What are the dynamics in that market for your OEM relationships? Are you seeing fairly consistent conversion rates?
Enrique Salem: When you look across the board, we track that very closely. And at this point, nothing that is unexpected, especially as we go into the summer period. Obviously, we're always looking forward to the holiday season and then at the beginning of the New Year. But so far, we tracked it carefully and we haven't seen any bigger changes there.
Operator: We'll go next to Rob Owens with Pacific Crest.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: Question on the consumer fronts again. I think you said you were happy with roughly the 6%, 7% constant currency. Do you expect any acceleration there, just from the standpoint that you talked I think at your Analyst Day about a high single-digit three-year CAGR. So is that coming down more to the mid-single digit range here? And also on the consumer front, what are you seeing out that the freemuim vendors in the marketplace right now?
Enrique Salem: So Rob, just to be clear, it is 7% in constant currency and 6% as reported. Sorry if I -- I just want to clear in that number. When you look at the marketplace, this level of growth, plus or minus anyone quarter, its going to move around. So I think we are in the right range. That's 7% plus or minus is probably around right. Could be a little higher, could be a little lower. When we look at the freemuim market, we haven't seen any dramatic changes in that marketplace, and quite frankly, were pleased because you take the PC Tools offerings and what weve done, which was our initial strategy, is were better positioning PC Tools to go after the more price-sensitive, buyers, to go after the freemuim or lower-cost solutions or offerings. And so we've got that combination and we think weve got the mix about right, right now with our high-end premium Norton product and then PC Tools at the low end. And we think thats going to combat the freemuim vendors. The other thing I commented on is that we now have PC Tools also available in many of the markets where the freemuim vendors have historically done well, not just emerging markets, but parts of Europe. So I think that will also help.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: Apologize if I missed it. What is the tax rate guidance for Q2 and/or for the year?
James Beer: So for Q2, the tax rate guidance is 28%. That's before any consideration of losses around the JV.
Operator: We'll go next to Neil Herman with Soleil Securities.
Neil Herman - Soleil Securities Group, Inc.: Could you talk a little bit about the competition in the Storage and Server space vis--vis EMC, if you're seeing any significant changes there? You had also mentioned that one of your goals is obviously license growth. Could you kind of give us a sense as to your hopes, expectations in terms of getting back to year-over-year license revenue growth?
Enrique Salem: When we look at the competitive-like [ph] marketplace, we are doing very well. We are gaining share in the backup market. As you can see, Backup Exec has done well; NetBackup has done well. And so from our point of view, obviously, looking at the deals that we're closing there across all competitors, we are gaining share the backup space. What we are doing, though, is weve got to make sure that we take advantage of this move to data deduplication and our new offerings. Our NetBackup appliances are now shipping. And so to that will continue to help us in that more pliant deduplication marketplace. But we are gaining share in the backup space. When you talk about the new license growth, it really is a matter of executing across the portfolio: driving more DLP, driving the new solutions from backup, driving the Software-as-a-Service opportunity. And so to get that back in place, those things I just outlined have to become a larger total percentage of the overall business. And thats what we're seeing as we see double-digit growth in both DLP and Software-as-a-Service. Now theyre coming off a smaller base, but as that continues, that should be a positive towards new license growth.
Neil Herman - Soleil Securities Group, Inc.: Is the transition to SaaS, do you think, having an impact on license revenue growth? Are you finding customers are choosing to move in that direction as opposed to the historic license purchases?
Enrique Salem: We definitely are seeing a move towards more subscription-oriented buying. And when you look at that number and some of my comments, I talked about the offerings were making to our partners where they can sell more of a subscription model. So we definitely see a shift towards more subscription-oriented businesses than what I call the tradition, just pure license maintenance business.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Katherine Egbert with Jefferies.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Same question that Neil just asked, but on the Security side. Can you talk about competition this quarter? Run rate? How often did you see McAfee or Sophos or some other vendors thing?
Enrique Salem: We're doing great in the bigger deals where we're competing on security front, we're doing very, very well. And it's really a matter of looking at the whole portfolio, because we've got a set of products that match up to a number of competitors, McAfee trend and others. And then they've got some products that are not consistent with us. And as we go into the new product lines, the encryption and now the identity security that comes from the VeriSign acquisition, well again have some other capabilities that are different and differentiating from a number of our traditional competitors. One thing I'm very pleased about is we're seeing Symantec Protection Center, SPC, not only get reviewed well, but customers are very pleased with its capabilities, its user interfaces reporting versus EPL. And thats been another big positive for us, as that was one of the concerns customers had several years ago.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Did you talk about Altiris? How did that product do everything with Windows 7 upon us that you could be seeing some good uptake there.
Enrique Salem: I didn't make any specific comments on the Altiris Suite. The full suites available. We shipped the last components just recently. Weve got an update coming out. And youre right. A number of our customers are using it for the roll out of Win 7. And Win 7 in the enterprise, that process is starting and we expect that to continue, quite frankly, for the next 24 months or so.
Operator: We'll go next to Richard Williams with Cross Research.
Richard Williams - Cross Research: Could you give us a little bit more color in terms of the geographies for the deal slippage? Was that specific to any one geography?
Enrique Salem: What we saw was specifically around the U.S. and Europe is where we saw some of the deal slippage.
Richard Williams - Cross Research: Anything in the SMB space?
Enrique Salem: The volumes of deals in SMB space are very, very high. So from a close rate perspective, we didn't see any changes there. And Backup Exec, quite frankly, did well. So nothing really that I can report or comment on in SMB.
Richard Williams - Cross Research: Then just the weakness we heard from other software vendors reporting recently that the last few days of June, they saw large deals just disappear. Is, I guess, similar to what you saw?
Enrique Salem: We saw the longer procurement cycles. I don't know if they disappeared for us. It's just a matter of they pushed into the new quarter and a good percentage of them have closed. So I can't say that they've disappeared. We had a very detailed conference call and planning sessions that we've done over the first three weeks of July to make sure we were tracking those deals. And I don't know of any of the larger deals that we were tracking that completely disappeared. They're all there.
Richard Williams - Cross Research: Any grouping by industry?
Enrique Salem: Yes. Across the verticals, we're in so many verticals that it's hard to say one vertical saw a bigger change than the other. The positiveness came from the public sector, state and local; continued to do well.
Operator: And there are no other questions at this time. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Enrique Salem for closing remarks.
Enrique Salem: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining our call today. While we saw some challenges in the June quarter, we remained focused in our key priorities for this fiscal year. The consumer and enterprise products we offer are more capable and valuable to our customers than ever before. And our recent acquisitions strengthen our product portfolio, enabling us to better serve customers. I look forward to speaking with you again soon. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thanks, everyone. That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q4  (2010-05-06 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Enrique Salem - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director James Beer - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Helyn Corcos - Vice President of Investors Relations
Analysts: Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse First Boston, Inc. Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc Brad Zelnick - Macquarie Research Neil Herman - Soleil Securities Group, Inc. Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank Perry Huang Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank AG John DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co Rob D. Owens Kash Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Operator: Good day, and Welcome to the Symantec's Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Helyn Corcos, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Helyn Corcos: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our call to discuss fiscal fourth quarter and fiscal year 2010 financial results. With me today are Enrique Salem, Symantec's President and CEO; and James Beer, Symantec's Executive Vice President and CFO. In a moment, I will turn the call over to Enrique. He will discuss how Symantec executed during the quarter, then James will provide highlights of our financial results as well as discuss our guidance assumptions as outlined in the press release. This will be followed by a question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay on Symantec's Investor Relations website. A copy of today's press release and supplemental financial information are posted on our website. And a copy of today's prepared remarks will be available on our Investor Relations website shortly after the call is completed. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that we will review our non-GAAP financial results focusing on year-over-year constant currency growth rates unless otherwise stated. Sequential growth rates are based on our recorded results. For the March quarter 2010, the actual weighted average exchange rate was $1.38 per euro and the end-of-period rate was $1.35 per euro compared to our guided rate of $1.40 per euro.  For the March 2009 quarter, the actual weighted average was $1.30 per euro and the end-of-period rate was $1.34 per euro. We've included a summary and reconciliation of the year-over-year growth rate in our press release tables and in our supplemental information. As we stated on last week's call, we will regularly provide a currency update following the end of each quarter. This will be posted on our website's Quarterly Results section. Given the rapidly fluctuating exchange rate environment, we encourage everyone to apply the rule of thumb as a guide to estimating the impact of currency fluctuations on our financial metrics once the quarter has ended. Moving on. Some of the information discussed on this call, including our projections regarding revenue, operating results, deferred revenue, cash flow from operations, amortization of acquisition-related intangibles and stock-based compensation for the coming quarter, contain forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the statement. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties can be found in the company's most recent periodic report filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Symantec assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.  In addition to reporting financial results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP, Symantec reports non-GAAP financial results. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP results, which can be found in the press release and on our website. And now, I would like to introduce our CEO, Mr. Enrique Salem.
Enrique Salem: Thank you, Helyn, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to report another quarter of solid results. It's a great way to end the fiscal year. We started this fiscal year with a clear set of priorities. And as I looked back over the year, I'm proud of what we've accomplished. I'm pleased with the progress we've made in revitalizing our Security business, moving customers to the next generation data protection, driving the commoditization of IT infrastructure and expanding our Cloud-based offerings. We also made significant progress using technology across our business to develop unique, integrated solutions that make cross-selling our products much easier for our sales team. Now I'll spend some time discussing the highlights from this last quarter. Our Consumer business generated another quarter of robust growth, reflecting strong go-to-market partnerships. Our results-oriented relationships enabled us to acquire consumers and grow our business aggressively. We focused on replacing the competition and structuring positive financial deals for both Symantec and the partner.  We entered into a significant new partnership with Samsung, shipping Norton Internet Security on their netbooks, and Norton Online Backup on their netbooks and notebooks worldwide. In addition, Fujitsu signed the exclusive agreement to ship Norton products globally on their consumer and commercial PCs. We now have partnerships with nine of the top 10 OEMs with our security products. We continue to expand our partnerships with our online backup offerings and have partnerships with six of the top 10 OEMs, five of which we signed during the last year. Our new eCommerce solution is also helping us to acquire and retain more customers. We're very thorough in the development of our eCommerce platform and we now have access to much richer information about our customers. We're also benefiting from the ability to quickly make improvements to address the unique needs of each customer segment and we have already seen an increase in OEM trialware conversions. We expect to complete the transition to our in-house eCommerce platform by the end of the June quarter.  We continued to successfully upsell customers from Norton AntiVirus and Norton Internet Security to Norton 360. We're excited about the new version of Norton 360, which became available in February. And is already winning awards around the world, including PC Magazine's Editor's Choice. Norton 360 now includes our reputation-based technology which has earned us the top spot in rigorous industry tests, such as AV-Comparatives. Norton 360 remains the industry lightest and fastest all-in-one security suite with an integrated tuneup feature that keeps a PC running like it's new. Customers using backup in Norton 360 or using our stand-alone Norton Online Backup product, now have the ability to access their data from iPads, iPhones and Android devices. Symantec now hosts 56 petabytes of data for 12 million customers. We are the undisputed global leader in online backup. Moving on to our Enterprise business. Surveys report that customers value the breadth of our portfolio and prefer to work with a single vendor. During the fourth quarter, 49% of our deals over $1 million included sales from both our Security and Storage segments. This continues to build on the positive progressions we've seen from 27% in the September quarter and 39% in the December quarter. During the quarter, we also generated strong sales with companies in the financial services, telecommunications and the government sector. TSYS, a leader in electronic payment services selected Symantec for endpoint protection, data loss prevention, net backup with deduplication, and business critical services. The Australian defense department purchased our Control Compliance Suite and Business Critical Services supporting over 90,000 endpoints and 5,000 servers. Also, a large global telecommunications provider chose Symantec for Storage Foundation HA, enterprise vault, NetBackup and our Control Compliance Suite. Our SaaS business, Symantec Hosted Services generated record revenue and posted double-digit growth. Our solid performance spanned all geographies and all customer sizes, including noteworthy strength from the SMB segment. We saw increased adoption of our hosted services within the Symantec customer base. For example, Ford signed a multiyear contract to protect over 150,000 users.  During the March quarter, 134 hosted services deals came from the established Symantec relationships. And we added more than 100 new partners to our SaaS distribution network. Additionally, our Symantec Protection Suites now include hosted mail and web security as add-on options.  Finally, our new Symantec hosted Endpoint Protection offering is currently in beta test and we are receiving very positive feedback. We expect this offering which brings together our expertise in Endpoint Security and SaaS to be released this quarter. With respect to our on-premise security solutions, data loss prevention and compliance achieved another strong quarter of double-digit year-over-year bookings growth. In April, we announced new versions of suites across our entire security portfolio. We also announced the release of our new security management console, Symantec Protection Center.  Symantec Protection Center integrates multiple technologies across our Security business to deliver a unified management console with role-based access control, single sign-on, superior cross-product reporting and integrated policy management. In addition to the recent security releases, last week, we announced our pending acquisition of encryption leaders, PGP and GuardianEdge. Combined with our data loss prevention solution, we continue to lead the market in providing comprehensive, information-centric protection. Furthermore, with our March announcement of Data Insight, an internally developed technology created jointly by our storage and security teams, we'll be the only company that can deliver intelligent, policy-driven security solutions to give users access to the specific data based on information intelligence and ownership. Going forward, Data Insight and encryption will be key technologies leveraged across our security and storage portfolio. Our Storage and Server Management segment reported improved results year-over-year. We're seeing early traction in the adoption of version 5.1 of Storage Foundation HA released in December 2009. This release enables organizations to capitalize on new storage technology, such as solid state drives and thin provisioning, while continuing to reduce costs and complexity through improved performance and consolidation. We have expanded the distribution of our FileStore solution beyond the Huawei-Symantec joint venture, recently signing OEM agreements with Fujitsu America and Xiotech. This gives customers choice in how they want to deploy our scalable file server solution to handle demanding workloads and to build their storage Cloud infrastructure.  With information continuing to grow at unprecedented rates, our focus on next-generation information management couldn't be more relevant. Both NetBackup and Backup Exec posted solid, year-over-year revenue growth this quarter. In February, we released NetBackup 7.0 and Backup Exec 2010 and the response from our customers has been very positive. We're seeing high adoption rates for both products. There've been more than 1,000 customer installations of NetBackup 7.0 and more than 60,000 installations of Backup Exec 2010 since the release. Customer adoption is being driven by the enhanced support for virtual environments and integrated deduplication features. Symantec is the only company that offers integrated deduplication at the client, media server and on third-party appliances through Symantec's open storage technology or OST program. The industry supports our deduplication solutions.  We now have 14 independent hardware vendors in the OST program including, Data Domain, Quantum and FalconStor. In conclusion, our March quarter results illustrate the ongoing progress we're making. And our new product releases position us well to take advantage of the improving economic environment. With that, I'll turn the call over to James to provide you the financial details of the quarter. And then I'll provide you with some comments on what to expect in fiscal year, 2011.
James Beer: Thank you, Enrique, and good afternoon, everyone. I am pleased to report that our ongoing focus on consistent execution led us to exceed our guided range for each of our key financial metrics, both on an as-reported basis and after adjusting for foreign currency. We closed the year with strong cash flow from operations, generating a total for the year of $1.69 billion, which clearly illustrates the resiliency of our business even during a challenging macroeconomic period.  Our balance sheet continues to be strong, providing us with significant financial flexibility. We exited the March quarter with over $3 billion of cash on hand, 60% of which is held on-shore. We also generated solid sequential and year-over-year growth in deferred revenue. During fiscal year 2010, non-GAAP revenue totaled $6 billion, a decline of 3% from the previous year. Fiscal year 2010 non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.51, down 4% year-over-year. Non-GAAP operating margin was down 180 basis points to 28.6% due to higher OEM placement fees and the launch of our new eCommerce platform, which together accounted for 120 basis points of the decline.  The extra week of activity that occurred in the June quarter of fiscal year 2009 accounted for another 30 basis points of the year-over-year operating margin decline. As we move into fiscal year 2011, we will continue to improve the efficiency of our cost structure, as well as redirect more of our spending to areas that offer the most potential for growth, such as the Consumer business and our hosted SaaS offerings. Now I'll review the financial details of the March quarter. Non-GAAP revenue for the fourth quarter was $1.535 billion, flat versus the year-ago period in constant currency terms, and an increase of 3% on an as-reported basis. This quarter's revenue was driven by strength in our Consumer, Enterprise, Backup and Archiving, Data Loss Prevention and Hosted Services businesses.  Net income was $327 million resulting in fully diluted earnings per share of $0.40 for the March 2010 period. Several one-time tax benefits added $0.02 to this quarter's earnings per share. During the quarter, the U.S. dollar weakened 6% against the euro versus the year-ago period, increasing our international revenue as measured in U.S. dollars. Foreign currency movements positively impacted revenue by $40 million or by three percentage points year-over-year.  Currency effects, however, negatively impact impacted revenue as compared to the guidance we've provided on January 27. Had currencies remained at our guided rate for the March quarter, non-GAAP revenue would've been $1.54 billion. By geography, international revenue of $768 million represented 50% of the total and decreased 3% year-over-year in constant currency. On an as-reported basis, however, international revenue grew 3%. The Americas region grew 3% in both constant currency and on an as-reported basis, while Asia-Pacific Japan declined 1% in constant currency terms, but grew 5% on an as-reported basis. The Europe, Middle East, Africa region declined by 4% in constant currency and grew 2% as reported. Now moving on to revenue by segment. The Consumer business had another strong quarter generating revenue of $483 million, up 6% year-over-year and 9% on an as-reported basis. This is the sixth consecutive quarter of the year-over-year growth for the Consumer group, driven by our success in upselling customers to our award-winning Norton 360 suites. Norton 360 grew 34% versus the reported results in the year-ago period and accounted for 37% of consumer revenue. We were pleased with the strength across the Consumer business of both our electronic and retail distribution channels. Our Enterprise business generated a total of 371 transactions valued at more than $300,000 each, up 1% over year-over-year. 87 of these transactions generated more than $1 million, up 2% year-over-year. Of our deals valued at more than $300,000, 70% included more than one of our products, once again emphasizing the breadth of what we have to offer our customers.  The Security and Compliance group generated revenue of $364 million, a decline of 1% year-over-year, but up 2% on an as-reported basis. Data Loss Prevention, Endpoint Management and Symantec Hosted Services posted strong double-digit year-over-year revenue growth this quarter. We have been pleased by the boost given to our SaaS sales by the volume of business referred from our on-premise focused worldwide salesforce. We will continue to build out our portfolio of SaaS offerings during fiscal year 2011. The Storage and Server Management group generated revenue of $578 million, a decline of 4% year-over-year and 1% on an as-reported basis. We are encouraged however by the stabilization of our storage products sales across all platforms. We have reduced our dependency on the Solaris platform, both by focusing on growth areas, such as Windows and Linux, and by strengthening our partnerships with IBM and HP.  OEM revenue from Sun-Oracle accounted for only $45 million during fiscal year 2010, equivalent to 5% of our Storage Management business. Turning now to our Backup and Archiving businesses. After four quarters of year-over-year declines, Backup Exec posted revenue growth this quarter driven by strong customer demand for our Backup Exec 2010 release. Enterprise Vault and NetBackup posted double-digit and high single-digit year-over-year revenue growth respectively. Some years ago, the Backup business saw a one-off increase in revenue at the time of a major product release, as customers not under our current maintenance contract made catch-up payments in order to access the new release. In more recent times however, we have seen an increasing customers renewing their maintenance contracts as a result of our including more meaningful features in each minor doc release, and improvements in our renewal process. As a result, during the fourth quarter, we did not see an increase to revenue related to catch-up maintenance payments, even though we rolled out major new releases of both NetBackup and Backup Exec.  Today, catch-up maintenance payments consistently account of between 1% to 1.5% of each quarter's revenue, and are driven by negotiations of large renewal deals that extend beyond the expiration of the previous maintenance contract, oftentimes as a result of our sales force working to cross-sell additional products into a particular customer. Our Services business generated revenue of $110 million, up 6% year-over-year and 8% on an as-reported basis. While we are moving to a partner-led approach to selling Consulting Services, we do not expect a significant reduction in our Services revenue in fiscal year 2011. As a result of our relatively large backlog of bookings, which we will fulfill during the coming year. Our new consulting strategy represents another commitment to our partners, which we believe will yield improved license sales over time as our partners focus upon Symantec's broad portfolio of solutions. Turning now to margins. Gross margin was 85.1% for the March 2010 quarter, down 90 basis points from the year-ago period. Cost of goods sold rose, since this line item now includes credit card fees driven by our new eCommerce store. In addition, royalties paid by our Hosted Services business also grew in line with that group's stronger performance. Our operating margin of 28.3% was down 160 basis points year-over-year, driven by higher consumer OEM fees and the launch of our new eCommerce platform. Cash flow from operations for the March quarter grew 16% year-over-year on an as-reported basis, driven by strong collections and lower tax payments.  Our cost reduction efforts also contributed to cash flow growth as we were able to more than offset the cash effect of increasing OEM fees and the build out of our eCommerce platform. This quarter, we spent $189 million to repurchase 11.2 million shares at an average price of $16.93.  In total, during fiscal year 2010, we returned $553 million to shareholders by repurchasing 34 million shares at an average price of $16.39. We have $747 million remaining on our current board-authorized share repurchase plan. Non-GAAP deferred revenue at the end of the quarter was $3.22 billion, up 3% year-over-year in constant currency and 4% on an as-reported basis. Sequentially, deferred revenue was up 5% on an as-reported basis. Foreign currency movements negatively impacted non-GAAP deferred revenue versus our guidance. Had currencies remained at the guided rate for the quarter, deferred revenue would have been $3.25 billion. Now I'd like to discuss our guidance for the June 2010 quarter. As we've discussed on our call last Thursday, we are assuming an exchange rate of $1.35 per euro in our FY '11 planning. Our guidance for this first quarter therefore, assumes this same rate versus the $1.37 per euro we experienced during the June 2009 quarter equivalent to approximately a 1% currency headwind. Also the end-of-period rate for the June 2009 quarter was $1.40 per euro versus our $1.35 per euro assumption, equivalent to approximately a 3.5% currency headwind. We will update everyone following the end of the quarter as to the actual FX rates incurred. Our guidance also assumes a common stock equivalents total for the quarter of approximately 810 million shares and an effective tax rate before consideration of any loss from our joint venture of 27%. This figure contrasts with a full year tax rate assumption before consideration of any loss from our joint venture of 27.5%. As we mentioned last week, beginning in fiscal 2011, we will discontinue reporting Symantec's revenue and deferred revenue on a non-GAAP basis. This change will make our disclosures more consistent with our peer group. As such, today, we are providing revenue and deferred revenue guidance for the June 2010 quarter on a GAAP-basis only.  In addition, we expect the previously-announced acquisitions of PGP and GuardianEdge to close during the June quarter. We have assumed that the two acquired companies will add a total of less than $5 million to our first quarter revenue. Thus, for the June 2010 quarter, we expect GAAP revenue to be in the range of $1.48 billion to $1.50 billion, as compared to revenue of $1.43 billion during the June 2009 quarter.  We expect revenue to grow by approximately 3% to 5% year-over-year on both an as-reported and constant currency basis. Please note that we are expecting GAAP revenue from PGP and GuardianEdge to total $50 million to $55 million for the September through March quarters of FY '11. GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be between $0.16 and $0.17 as compared to $0.09 in the year-ago period. Non-GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be between $0.35 and $0.36 as compared to $0.33 in the year-ago period, up 6% to 9% on an as-reported basis. We have included $0.005 of dilution in our June quarter EPS guidance is a result of the two acquisitions.  Please note that we expect PGP and GuardianEdge will together drive an additional $0.01 of dilution in the September quarter and another $0.005 of dilution in the December quarter. We expect the acquisitions to be accretive to our non-GAAP operating results starting in the March 2011 quarter.  We expect GAAP deferred revenue to be between $3.06 billion and $3.09 billion, compared to $2.97 billion at the end of June, 2009. We expect deferred revenue to grow 3% to 4% year-over-year on an as-reported basis and 4% to 5% on a constant currency basis. We expect approximately 70% or $1.04 billion of our June quarter revenue to come from the balance sheet. In closing, we were encouraged during the March quarter by the improvement in our year-over-year revenue and deferred revenue performance, which reflected our initiatives to further improve execution and focus on areas of greatest growth potential. In addition, our cash flow generation continues to be robust. We are working to develop this momentum in fiscal year 2011 as we focus on a clear set of priorities. And now, I'll turn it back to Enrique to provide an update on our FY '11 objectives.
Enrique Salem: Thank you, James. And now what I'd like to do is take a moment to discuss our focus areas for this coming fiscal year. Customers are challenged by increased complexity in risk. Data volumes are still growing at more than 50% a year, while the threat environment is becoming much more targeted. Customers want to expand the use of virtualization and understand how they can take advantage of software delivered as a service.  In addition, customers are dealing with the consumerization of IT and the implications of users bringing new devices into the organization. And they are managing too many point products and want to work with fewer vendors. During fiscal year 2011, we will build upon our 2010 accomplishments by helping our customers simplify how they manage and secure their information. Our goal is to enable customers to focus on running their businesses, instead of worrying about costly breaches and system failures that put their information at risk.  We plan to do this by building on the progress we made in the Security business by offering more solution suites, new encryption capabilities and improved centralized management. By extending our success in the Consumer Security business to protect critical information on devices beyond PCs; by helping customers adopt SaaS and appliance solutions in their environments; by driving innovation and technology advancements to more effectively back up and manage information; by enabling customers to reduce costs by commoditizing their hardware infrastructure; and by standardizing and automating more of our processes to simplify and improve the way customers and partners interact with Symantec.  Our customers live and work in an information economy, and protecting information is essential. No matter which devices or applications are being used. We continue to focus on delivering solutions that allow customers to trust that their information will be there when they need it. And trust that it's only available to those who should have access. Enabling trust is crucial to accelerating the information economy, enabling customers to take advantage of emerging technology trends and enabling individuals and organizations to operate confidently in an information-driven world. These efforts position us well to be the vendor of choice in helping enterprises and consumers secure and manage their information on any device across both the Enterprise and Consumer segments and in the Cloud better than any other competitor. You will hear more about our focus areas during our Financial Analyst Day on May 27. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Helyn, so she can start taking some of your questions.
Helyn Corcos: Thank you. Gwen, will you please start polling for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Helyn Corcos: While Gwen is polling for questions, I'd like to update you on a few upcoming events. We will be hosting our Financial Analyst Day on Thursday, May 27 in New York. Registration is required to attend, so please make your reservations as soon as possible. In addition, we'll be presenting at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch Conference on June 3. And we'll be reporting our fiscal first quarter results on July 28. For a complete list of our investor-related events, please visit our events calendar on the IR website. Gwen, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: We'll take our first question from John DiFucci with JPMorgan.
John DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Enrique, what's implied in guidance regarding PC unit sales for the June quarter? And was the consumer momentum this quarter, did that result from any change in consumer attach rates or that was it just strong follow through from what was strong December quarter shipments?
Enrique Salem: What you're seeing, John, is that the products that we built are absolutely the best, and they're being just so well received in the marketplace. And what you're definitely seeing is the discussions we've had around the increased investments in OEM placement fees, meaning that we're shipping -- more units are being shipped, and we're being able to convert those units very effectively. The other thing is with the new eCommerce platform, we are seeing, given the visibility that we have into -- what the customer is doing is they come to the site, we are starting to see an improvement in some of our renewal rates as customers are coming into the side in our conversion rates. So it really is benefiting from a combination of the investments we've made in the OEM and also the improved renewal rate.
James Beer: And understand that we are expecting those increased units shipments to flow through to increased OEM fees year-over-year. So I'd be expecting around $0.015 of dilution driven in the OpEx as a result of those increased OEM fees.
John DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And James, that $0.015 of dilution, that's for next year?
James Beer: No, that's in the June quarter.
John DiFucci - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And just a quick follow up, James, for you, you said you're going to complete the transition to the in-house eCommerce platform by the end of June. I'm just curious what's the impact on operating margins, all else equal? I'm realizing there's a lot of things happening as far as operating margins, but as you complete that transition, which should we be looking at just from that impact?
James Beer: Well, I would expect that because of the ratable nature of the consumer model that the move to the in-house platform would continue to have a negative effect on operating margins in fiscal year '11. So it's going to obviously become less of a financial issue as the quarters go by, and we see more top line benefit driving from that conversion to the in-house platform. But I would assume it net, net will be dilutive in the fiscal year.
Operator: We'll go next to Phil Winslow with Crdit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Crdit Suisse First Boston, Inc.: You know that the Oracle acquisition of Sun has closed and you touched on this a little bit earlier. What do you expect the impact to be to your storage line item? And then just one follow-on question on that too, when you look at the small- and mid-sized business market, any changes that you're seeing there this quarter relative to maybe last year?
Enrique Salem: When we think about the SMB Market segment, what we're seeing is that the new product, Symantec Endpoint Protection Small Business edition, the additions of suites which make it easier for both our partners and our customers to take advantage of our products is absolutely having a positive effect, and we are seeing the SMB segment improve. Some of that is a combination of market and then our improvement in execution. I think with regards to the first question on Oracle and Sun, what we believe now is that given the uncertainty around the acquisition, my expectations is that we should see Sun server sales start stabilizing, and then we'll continue to do the job that we've always done which is driving the attach of Storage Foundation, Storage Foundation HA, NetBackup and other products on that platform because we still have a -- our products are clearly the best on the platform. And I'm confident that we'll continue to be successful there. I think what you're also seeing is that we've also started to spend more time on some of the other non-Solaris platforms such as the Windows platform, Linux, and we've got great partnerships with both IBM and HP. And so that gives us more diversified revenue stream for our core storage products, and so I'm feeling very good about that transition and I'm pleased with where we are.
Operator: We'll go next to Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc: Enrique, just a question for you on the NetBackup 7 and what you're seeing there. It sounds like you're not seeing it being modified through catch-up payments on maintenance, but you did see that growth there. I'm wondering is it just the reduction in server unit shipments and growth in data centers now and that's revenue growth? Or are you starting to see obviously success in the upsell of deduplication and other options on that product?
Enrique Salem: You're right to say that because we've been doing such a good job of keeping people current, and that's a discipline here at the company. It's really driven by the add-on options. People looking at PureDisk, taking advantage of the support we have for virtual environments. The product is fantastic from a quality perspective. The early returns, and I've talked to a number of very large customers that are using NetBackup 7, has been outstanding. And if you remember when we shipped NetBackup 6, the adoption was much slower, we did a number of updates. And so at this point, it's really driven by some of the new options and support for some of the new capabilities. The integration with archiving is being well received. It's also important to note we did a new release of Backup Exec that's also doing well. I think I made a comment that about 60,000 people have already installed the new version of Backup Exec 2010. And so if you look at both NetBackup and BE, they're both being very well received in the market place.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc: And then, James, just a quick clarification on the margin side. You gave us some guidance for the June quarter. I'm wondering if you could just help us out in fiscal '11, should we expect that operating margins can expand? And should we expect them to expand back to like in fiscal year '09, you were right around 30%? Should it be able to get back to those levels with some of the headwinds you mentioned?
James Beer: Well, as Enrique and I have been laying out, we're pleased with the momentum that we have going into fiscal '11. And at the same time, we're going to maintain absolute focus around cost efficiency across our business. I'm pleased with the progress we've made between sales and marketing, R&D and G&A right across the business in the last year, and we're going to absolutely continue to focus for improvements in all of those areas. That said, I think it's also going to be important that we make sure that we're funding the parts of our business that have the highest growth opportunities available to them. So that's areas like the Consumer business, our SaaS businesses and our Appliance business as well. So that'll be how we'll approach fiscal year '11.
Operator: And we'll go next to Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank: Enrique, just on the new consulting strategy, you mentioned that the hope is to increase license fees. Can you just give us a sense of what changes you've made? And how disruptive is this to the next year, to the model? Or is it just, in your opinion, just a tweak to the model?
Enrique Salem: What we did, Brent, was in October of last year, we went and spoke at our partner engagement. We talked about our approach to leveraging our partners much more broadly across our business. As you know, we've got a portfolio that has a number of great products in it. And what we wanted just to make sure that our partners start specializing in specific parts of our portfolio, because we think that's going to be the best way to make sure that our customers can be successful. So what we did as we entered the new fiscal year, as we extended that program and the reception, quite frankly, by our partner community has been outstanding. Today, we're three partners announced some of the new things that they're doing to support the direction that we're taking. And as I think about the efforts given that focus from the partners, I think now a matter of making sure that the partner community is well-engaged with the entire Symantec sales force. That process is going well. We've been having a number of internal discussions, people understand the direction. Our customers understand the direction. And so I think so far from an overall reception in the marketplace, I'm pleased. I think people are doing and acting in the way we behave and ultimately, should make us much more scalable, because it would allow us to deliver solutions more broadly around the globe as partners are fully enabled to deliver the solutions into the marketplace.
James Beer: And I think it's probably worth just re-emphasizing what I mentioned in my prepared remarks about the during, the coming fiscal year, we don't expect that to be a very significant reduction in our services revenue. We've got a large backlog business that we will fulfill during the coming year. So that will flow through to revenue during the coming year. And I mean that there's very little impact to the P&L of our Services business overall in fiscal '11.
Operator: And we'll go next to Kash Rangan with Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch: For a couple of quarters, we've been seeing the OEM fees really impact your sales and marketing. I'm wondering what is the timeline to get the conversions to benefit your revenue line item going forward? In other words, when do you start to see the revenue and operating leverage from the investments that you've made the last couple of quarters? And as a follow up, I'm wondering if there is any lag at all between what's happening on the Server Market and your Storage business, especially given that you've had the two new product updates, if you will? Is there any follow through that we could expect on the kind of those product releases and what's happening on the server market as to your go-forward business?
Enrique Salem: Kash, when you look at the investments we've made in the OEMs, what we look at is it takes probably about five months from the time that we pay the fee to the time that an end-user has the opportunity to convert and then you see a ratable revenue recognition, which takes, as you know, over the life of the contract, in most cases, 12 months. And so from a revenue perspective, some of the investments we made in the December quarter, we're starting to see the opportunity to convert those units in the June quarter, but that's literally just a conversion. And then you take the revenue from that conversion point forward. When you comment about the lag or the notion of server shipments, definitely, server shipments have a positive impact on our business. And what you want to look at is again, there is a lag. People buy the server, and then they think about whether they do from a file system perspective, what do they do from a backup perspective and again, there is that time lag, but both or positive for Symantec. And my expectation is the investment we've made in consumer so far is paying off both on the product side and on the go-to-market side. As you saw with the sixth consecutive quarter growth that we've shown in that business.
James Beer: And I'd just add that as Enrique was describing the accounting model there associated with OEM fees, of course, they start to show up in terms of the deferred revenue balance, and that's been one of the important reasons for the relatively strong deferred revenue results that we were able to put out this past quarter and reflective of the guidance that we offered for June.
Kash Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just to clarify, you continue to see momentum going forward from the NetBackup Backup Exec updates, right? It's not a one-quarter benefit that you got but it should continue to benefit your business in the June quarters from a quarter beyond?
Enrique Salem: Yes. We expect the new product releases to continue to benefit the business going forward.
Operator: We'll go next to Sarah Friar with Goldman Sachs.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: First, James, it feels like the business is stabilizing on many fronts. And as that occurs, should we start to assume that earnings growth and cash flow growth align again? Because they've -- a little off-kilter for the last couple of years.
James Beer: Well, one of the challenges here in seeing tight alignment is around the OEM fees and another is around taxes, obviously. So I think there are always going to be quite large dislocations between those in any one quarter. Now over a longer period of time, obviously, those things start to even out. So as we look to the next year or two, yes, I would look to see some sort of overall trend line there coming closer together.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then Enrique, it's good to hear the commentary on the SMB segment beginning to return to spending. Do you have any sense of pent-up demand on two fronts? One, you had some issues with the enterprise security products a little while back, particularly on SMBs. You clearly got the new upgrade around Backup Exec. So as you get back fixed and upgraded combined with their willingness to spend, does that feel like a bigger area of opportunity right now?
Enrique Salem: Absolutely. I think that as the SMB segment comes back and you hit it, the strength of both Symantec Endpoint Protection and Backup Exec, some of the new functions that are integrated into both, the other thing to look at in that segment, given the work we've done in Symantec Hosted Services, that should also benefit us as the SMB segment recovers. So there's a number of different things that we can do to better serve that market. And then lastly, from a go-to-market perspective, given the changes that we've been making and the support we're getting from our partner community, that should fare very, very well for us.
Operator: We'll go next to Todd Raker with Deutsche Bank.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank AG: One can you talk about the competitive implications of McAfee's DAT file issue? And then secondly, you guys mentioned that as your SaaS business is growing, you're incurring more royalties? How should we think about that as that business scales, the impact on gross margins overtime?
Helyn Corcos: Todd, could you re-ask your second question?
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank AG: As the SaaS business grows, you guys commented royalties, you're seeing more royalties, and it's impact gross margin slightly. Can you give us some insight overtime as SaaS scales, what the impact on gross margin should be overtime?
Enrique Salem: Let me take the first one. So when you think about the DAT issue that you referenced, what's happened right now in the marketplace is our customers obviously are -- there's concern about what happened. A number of companies and businesses were impacted, a number of consumers, and so it's clearly giving us an opportunity to have conversations with those customers around not just the point security product but the entire security suite that we've got in place. And so it's been really more an opportunity to have conversations with customers who may not currently be using our product and look at a more holistic strategy. Because it's not about replacing a point product, it's about introducing the suite offerings, and quite frankly, the breadth of what we can do for a lot of these customers. So it's really giving us an opportunity to go back into those accounts and have good conversations.
James Beer: And on the second point, our cost of goods sold were up $16 million year-over-year. Right around a quarter of that was driven by the Symantec Hosted Services royalties that I referred to. And I would expect that to behave very much like a variable cost as Hosted Services, as SaaS grows, that line will grow.
Operator: We'll go next to Heather Bellini with ISI Group.
Perry Huang: This is Perry Huang for Heather. I was hoping to ask a quick question on currency and guidance. I believe guidance assumes $1.35 rate for the euro, what seems to be a bit higher than current levels. Are there other factors we should be thinking of in terms of the currency impact?
James Beer: Well, we talked on the call that we did last week around the Guardian Edge and PGP acquisitions that we had used $1.35 in our planning for the full fiscal year '11. And that's right in the middle of the trading range that the euro-dollar has been at over the last year or two. Now, so we're going to use the same rate, $1.35 for the first quarter. We're only a few days later from this past Thursday. And obviously, we will update everyone as I mentioned at the end of the quarter as to what actually happened. And then, you also have the rules of thumb, so I think everyone should have the tools needed to be able to adjust FX in line with the reality of what the markets are creating. And obviously, that situation has been more volatile in the last two or three days in particular. But all of that aside, I think it's important to focus on the fact that we run the business on a constant currency basis as we think about where to invest, where to emphasize and so forth, and so that's really the key here. And we'll just keep you updated in terms of what's happening on the foreign exchange markets and what impact that will have on our reported results.
Operator: We'll go next to Adam Holt with Morgan Stanley.
Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley: I had a couple of questions about the Consumer business. And Enrique, I think you noted that both renewal rates had improved and you were also seeing improvement in attach rates. And obviously, you've done nice work on that over the last several years, improving both of those elements. How much more room do you think you have to drive up renewal rates in consumer and attach rates? And then I guess the other question would be, to what extent did an increase in average selling prices played a role in the strong Consumer business this quarter, given the mixed shift towards 360?
Enrique Salem: As we look at the renewal rates and the attach rates, there's always going to be opportunities to make improvements, and you see us doing that, for example, on the eCommerce platform. You see us doing some new things with the consumer products as far as how do we more effectively move customers and continue to move them through the product range. So from the point product to the suites, we're still continue to have success on that. We've got premium editions of 360. We shipped the new version. So we absolutely believe that there's more room to work on both the renewal rates and the attach rates, Adam. And I think you'll continue to see my team get focused on that. They did a great job in the previous fiscal year, and I definitely believe there's more that can be done there. Adam, you had two parts to your question, renewals and attach, and then there was the second piece? The price increases. So when we look at prices, that is a factor, but as you know, the increases have become much smaller and there's not a lot more that can be done there. It's more a matter of how do we get everybody to the higher-end suite, which is the Norton 360 product which has the highest right price point, that's going to be the more significant benefit.
Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley: You called out the OEM business related to Oracle. Is your assumption over the next year that, that business just stands at current levels? Oracle's made some comments that -- then they deemphasize it. Or are you assuming, should we be modeling that this business change this trajectory?
Enrique Salem: I think we are absolutely thinking about that business where we're not going to depend on Oracle and anything that they're doing while we think that it'll stabilize Sun server shipments. It's more about what our team will do working through both our partner community and our large enterprise sales force to go after the opportunity through our own go-to-market activity, so I'm not going to be dependent on Oracle.
Operator: We'll go next to Neil Herman with Herman Advisors Soleil Securities.
Neil Herman - Soleil Securities Group, Inc.: Could you talk a little bit about any changes you're seeing in the competitive environment? Actions by your competitors with respect to security? One of your competitors last week had indicated that some of their deals have slipped. And I'd love to get some of your perspective on maybe how they're reacting or what perhaps is being done differently from a competitive perspective?
Enrique Salem: In the Security market, look, we've been very focused. When we set out in the fiscal year, we laid out a very clear set of priorities. And one of those priorities that we set out was we were going to put a great team in place around the Security business. We were going to continue to work on delivering suites. We are going to focus on improvements in the SMB segment, and I think what you're seeing right now is that work is, it's working. I mean it absolutely has had the benefits that we expected. Now clearly, there's more work to do. We still see an opportunity to go to the broader range of our suites. We did some new things in data loss prevention where we added in the ten fiber list, something that we call Data Insight which is a clear differentiator that Symantec is uniquely positioned to deliver given our strong background in storage. And so what I look at is our go-to-market and the quality of our products in the securities base is rapidly improving, and I expect that to continue. From a competitive perspective, I would tell you that we have been gaining a lot of large wins. We're tracking the numbers of nodes that we're winning on a quarterly basis across all three geos. That number's continuing to increase. I haven't seen anything different. We've got a number of different competitors, and some of our competitors are geographic based, some of them are segment based. But ultimately, what I feel good about is our team is doing a great job in the security space and making progress. But there's more work to do in fiscal year '11, and that's why it'll continue to be a focus. We extended our portfolio with the new PGP and Guardian Edge acquisitions, and so I think we're in a very strong position for fiscal year '11 in the Security business.
Operator: And we'll go next to Brad Zelnick with Macquarie.
Brad Zelnick - Macquarie Research: Enrique, in the past you've talked about in the downturn, enterprise customers' willingness to purchase forward and they were being a lot more conservative. I guess the question would be whether or not that you're seeing a return to more normal purchasing trends? And just also on that note, from an execution standpoint, you've also in the past talked about opportunities to improve your execution in enterprise sales. Where are you in that continuum? And what does the opportunity look like going forward?
Enrique Salem: First question, no change in buying behavior. I think since the enterprise customers, while they may be buying more servers, they are buying what they need for what they can clearly forecast. And so I don't see any of the kind of pre-buying or any meaningful change in pre-buying. With regards to execution, across every area of the business, there's still continued opportunity to improve. And you should expect that the business leaders are all looking at their areas. We definitely have made progress in our go-to-market both in marketing and sales, but there'll continue to be opportunities to -- and I wouldn't underestimate that comment that James and I both have been talking about, how we can leverage our partners. Partners are a significant part of our business. While we have a large sales force, the combination of the improvements we've made on internal execution on partner enablement, some of the updates to Consulting Services and doing all of those combined will help our overall go-to-market execution.
Brad Zelnick - Macquarie Research: But just on that point, it seems like it's a great opportunity, but I imagine with that, there also comes some risk. Can you maybe also just comment a little bit about how your plan and your process mitigates that risk of moving things more to the channel?
Enrique Salem: When you think about that, it really is a matter of -- we went through a detailed process. We started this effort in October, and the partner reception was outstanding. We extended that effort starting in the new fiscal year, we went through and thought about what's the enablement we have to do for the partners. We need to make sure that we have specialized partners. It's not about if somebody's greater in that back up, I wanted to be greater than that back up, and we were making sure that they have the intellectual property and the tools and the training to be successful. So we've done a very detailed effort to make sure that the partners are ready. But ultimately, our sales force, both in large Enterprise, Enterprise segments, is still with their account managers having direct interaction with the customer. And so, the goal here is to really bring the partners in to help deliver the overall solution to the customer, and the feedback so far has been very good.
Brad Zelnick - Macquarie Research: Enrique, any updates on meaningful consumer relationships, OEM partners, ISP partners? Maybe you can talk a little bit about the pipeline, any status updates there?
Enrique Salem: At this point, I don't have anything else to be honest. Some of the comments from the call are on Samsung and Fujitsu. I'm pleased nine of the top 10 OEMs are using our Norton products. We've been making great progress on the backup side. And so overall, I have nothing new to report, but definitely pleased with what the OEM team has been doing. And I think the approach that our consumer OEM team, as far as the relationship building that they've done, is working for us.
Operator: We'll take our last question from Rob Owens with Pacific Crest.
Rob D. Owens: Enrique, with the return to growth on the top line, why shouldn't we be thinking about margin expansion as you move throughout fiscal 2011? Is it increased PC shipments and kind of the consumer dynamics with potentially some renewing relationships that might weigh against that?
Enrique Salem: I think that's exactly right. What we're seeing is that the Consumer business is definitely doing well. We're seeing PC shipments improve, and so that's part of the equation. And I also think that as you look at our business, we will continue to look at the cost structure and what improvements we can make. But overall, as the top line grows, it does make it easier to be able to improve margins. But right now, I'm very focused on the things that have worked which are continuing to look at the Security business, the Backup business, the SaaS business, and some of the things I commented on, the new efforts in Appliances where we're going to have new appliances shipping over the next 12 months, that I think will be a benefit our customers.
Rob D. Owens: And then second, from an enterprise perspective, are you seeing interest from your customers in helping manage mobile devices at this point or is that still a relatively nascent market?
Enrique Salem: It's a nascent market from what they're looking at, but you're absolutely on the right point. I made a comment about the consumerization of IT where consumers are bringing new technologies, more devices, and I absolutely believe that there's a lot of interest. At our Vision Conference a couple of weeks ago, we had a roundtable with a number of CISOs [chief information security officers] and heads of infrastructure. And it was very clear that there all trying to figure out what is the way to embrace some of these more consumer-oriented devices and technologies. And for Symantec, it's a positive, because when you have got kind of diversity or you've got some fragmentation, given our roots and our focus on hydrogenation, it's a plus for us. And so at this point, a lot of efforts, both in consumer and in enterprise, are looking at how do we deliver information protection capabilities that means both backups and security for non-wintel-based devices. And so those mobile devices are really clearly seeing a benefit or they're seeing a growth there an opportunity for Symantec.
Enrique Salem: All right. Well, at this point, what I'd like to do is just give you a couple thoughts. We closed our fiscal year achieving better-than-expected results on all of our key financial metrics. Sales activity continued to improve. And as the team utilized the broader Symantec portfolio, we were able to take advantage of a number of cross-selling and up-selling opportunities. We drove continued improvement in our execution.,, And our results are clearly showing that, which position the company well for fiscal year 2011 as we focus on making it simpler for our customers to secure and manage their information. I'd like to thank you all, and have a good afternoon.
Operator: Thank you everyone. That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q2  (2009-10-28 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Helyn Corcos - VP IR Enrique Salem - President and CEO James Beer - CFO
Analysts: John Difucci - J.P. Morgan Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank Securities Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley Heather Bellini - ISI Group Brad Zelnick - Macquarie Research Equities Robert Breza - RBC Capital Markets Katherine Egbert - Jefferies & Company Aaron Schwartz - Ladenburg, Thalmann & Co. Brian Freed - Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc. Daniel Ives - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.
Operator:  Good day and welcome to Symantec's second quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Helyn Corcos, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Helyn Corcos: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our call to discuss fiscal second quarter 2010 financial results.  With me today are Enrique Salem, Symantec's President and CEO, and James Beer, Symantec's Executive Vice President and CFO. In a moment I will turn the call over to Enrique. He will discuss what is happening in the market and how Symantec executed during the quarter. Then James will provide highlights of our financial results as well as discuss our guidance assumptions as outlined in the press release. This will be followed by a question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay on Symantec's Investor Relations website at Symantec.com/invest. A copy of today's press release and supplemental financial information are available on our website, and a copy of today's prepared remarks will be available on the Investor Relations website shortly after the call is completed.  Some of the information discussed on this call, including our projections regarding revenue, operating results, deferred revenue, cash flow from operations, amortization of acquisition-related intangibles, share-based compensation, as well as products, features and delivery dates contain forward-looking statements, are preliminary and are subject to change. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the statements. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties can be found in the company's most recent periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Symantec assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. In addition to reporting financial results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals or GAAP, Symantec reports non-GAAP financial results. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP results, which can be found in the press release and on our website.  And now I would like to introduce you to our CEO, Enrique Salem.
Enrique Salem: Thank you, Helyn, and good afternoon, everyone.  I'm pleased with our second quarter results. We are encouraged by the signs we see of stabilization in the markets we serve. This gives us confidence that we will continue to see gradual improvement in our business over the next few quarters. Challenges remain, however, for some customers in the SMB segment and in certain regions around the world.  A focus on a clear set of priorities helped us deliver solid results in Q2. Of these, the first of these priorities is to strengthen our leadership in security, the second is to capitalize on the migration to next generation data protection, and the third is to help our customers commoditize infrastructure. The fourth is to deliver SaaS-based solutions to our customers. Our commitment to consistent execution underpins these priorities.  We started to see initial signs of progress in SMB security as we renewed our relationships with channel partners given the launch of our new security products. We also saw strength in the consumer segment as our business continues to benefit from our market-leading products.  One of the metrics that we use to track customer and partner loyalty is the Net Promoter Score. We've seen improving Net Promoter Scores across our business segments and geographies, and we believe that this is a positive leading indicator for our business going forward. This quarter our enterprise security business customers noted that weve simplified the installation and improved product performance. Additionally, our partners highlighted improvements in ease of doing business with Symantec. We continue to use the Net Promoter Score feedback to deliver differentiated and improved experiences for our customers and partners.  Now, lets take a closer look at the highlights from the quarter: The strength of our Consumer business was driven by strong Norton 360 sales and by our relationships with eight of the top nine OEMs. In mid-September, we launched our Norton Internet Security and Norton AntiVirus 2010 products, further distancing ourselves from the competition. These products leverage our new reputation-based security technology, code named Quorum, to deliver unmatched detection of new malware.  The 2010 Norton security products have already received top reviews from respected independent testing bodies including AV-Comparatives.org, AV-Test.org, and Dennis Technology Labs. The Dennis report showed that Norton Internet Security 2010 was the only product tested that achieved a perfect 100% detection rate against increasingly prevalent zero-day threats due to our exclusive reputation-based security technology. In contrast, the report noted that the average detection rate across all products tested was 78%. Our 2009 products won over 150 awards, and we believe our new products will match or exceed that achievement.  We have many opportunities to grow our business through a variety of channels and around the world and are not dependant on any one partner or channel. During the quarter, we won consumer online backup deals with Toshiba and Acer. We now have backup relationships with four of the top five OEMs. We also extended our Norton Security Scan distribution agreement with Adobe Shockwave and added to our ISP partnerships with a win at EMOBILE, one of Japans largest mobile broadband service providers. We expanded our relationships with major French retailers and with Dixons, a major European-based retailer. We continue to focus on profitable partnerships across all channels and to enter into transactions that make economic sense for us given our leadership position.  PC Tools allows us to broaden our access to new markets and strengthen our on-line capabilities. Our 2010 version of Spyware Doctor with Antivirus recently won PC Magazines Editors Choice Award in the anti-spyware category. We have been able to leverage our Norton relationships to win additional business for PC Tools in new channels. For example, PC Tools displaced a competitor at a leading Australian retailer which also carries Norton products. The combination of both brands enables Symantec to reach all consumer segments.  Additionally, in the online channel, Spyware Doctor Starter Edition has been selected as the only security product for the Google Pack. This relationship enables us to gain access to Googles 165 million unique visitors.  Finally, we are beginning the migration of our Norton customers to our new, Symantec-developed and operated online store. We are carefully monitoring the transition and are pleased with the progress so far. Establishing ecommerce as a core competency for Symantec will give us better visibility to develop targeted programs and deliver more innovative products and services, as well as realize operational efficiencies and improve our cash flow and earnings per share.  Now, Ill turn to our Enterprise business. During the quarter we won a number of competitive enterprise deals where we were able to cross sell new products and services to our existing customers.  We saw a continuation of last quarters behavior in our storage business. Instead of seeing customers make upfront purchases of licenses for future growth, a majority continued to buy for their current needs.  In addition, server market deceleration continued to put pressure on this part of the business, particularly in new license sales on the Sun platform. Having said that, we have seen the decline in new license sales stabilize, and maintenance renewals on our large installed base remain strong.  We continue to sell across all platforms due to our growing partnerships with IBM and HP, as well as our focus on long-term growth areas such as Windows and Linux.  Our Stop Buying Storage campaign continues to resonate well with customers. They value our unique ability to reduce storage costs by better utilizing existing storage and by commoditizing hardware.  As customers are challenged to keep costs down while managing increasing volumes of unstructured data, many are turning to scalable high-performance cloud storage solutions. Our FileStore solution, released this month, capitalizes on this trend. FileStore enables customers to scale their environments at a lower cost through operational efficiencies and the commoditization of hardware.  The product integrates natively with our NetBackup and Endpoint Protection solutions, eliminating additional server requirements for backup and security  something no other competitor offers. Our product has the fastest performance benchmarks according to a third party test. Customers such as Taobao - China's largest online auction site, selling over 4.5 million items per day - are already using FileStore technology to support their businesses. Now moving on to our backup and recovery products, NetBackup, the number one information management solution for the enterprise, delivered steady performance as customers moved to next generation data protection. For example, we won a large multi-year contract with a global financial institution which included backup and archiving as well as storage, endpoint management and multiple service offerings.  Earlier this month we began shipping NetBackup PureDisk 6.6, which includes several new features such as de-duplication for VMware and Oracle as well as granular restore functionality for Microsoft Exchange. This release allows us to further help customers reduce data volumes, complexity and infrastructure costs.  In our Enterprise Security business, we are continuing to see traction in the large enterprise segment with several competitive displacements. For example, at a large U.S. telecommunications company we leveraged the full value of our product portfolio to deliver a consolidated solution of security, compliance, storage and backup products.  In the mid-market, we continue to engage and educate our partners on the Small Business Edition of Symantec Endpoint Protection, which was launched in May. During the quarter, enrollment in our SMB Specialization program exceeded our expectations. We are pleased with our first full quarter of Small Business Edition bookings. As you know, this activity will benefit our revenue over the next twelve months. We expect this trend to continue as increasing numbers of our channel partners become trained on our products.  We posted double-digit growth in our Federal business as the fiscal year for the U.S. federal government came to a close. For example, we won a multi-year contract with a government organization which includes DLP and mail security solutions.  Internationally, in a partnership with Volvo IT, we won a competitive displacement at the City of Stockholm for approximately 145,000 seats.  Another key initiative, Software-as-a-Service, posted sequential growth as we continue to leverage cross-selling opportunities for our online security solutions within the Symantec customer base. We saw increased sales of our hosted web security offering as web-based attacks remain a leading source of new infections.  Now Id like to take a few minutes to discuss the progress we've made over the past six months on improving sales force productivity and integrating technologies into core products.  In a focused effort to increase overall sales productivity, we continue to improve account planning, deal review and resource utilization in order to drive higher close rates. These improvements, coupled with marketing campaign alignment, enable our sales force to focus on customer relationships and cross-sell the portfolio into the installed base.  We continue to focus on producing high-quality integrated products and look forward to several upcoming offerings. We expect to launch our BackupExec System Recovery 2010 product with our new virtualization and Linux options for the SMB market by the end of the year. In addition, we expect to release Symantec Data Loss Prevention 10 in December with the industrys first open DLP platform, integrating our hosted email services.  We expect BackupExec 2010, scheduled to be available by the end of our fiscal year, to include integrated add-on options and de-duplication and archiving capabilities. Plans for NetBackup 7.0 include an integrated de-duplication add-on option which will allow de-duplication directly on the media server and is also expected to be released by fiscal year end. Both of these releases provide options that we will be able to sell to new and current customers and should benefit our cross-selling capabilities in fiscal 2011.  We are focused on delivering industry leading products, integrating technology, cross-selling the portfolio and improving sales force productivity. I am confident that we have laid the foundation for solid execution during the second half of our fiscal year.  Now, Ill turn it over to James for a review of the our financial results. James?
James Beer: Thank you, Enrique, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to report that Symantec achieved solid second quarter results in each of our key financial metrics, both on an as-reported basis and after adjusting for foreign exchange. Despite a tight IT spending environment, our business continues to generate strong cash flow, while our focus on cost management resulted in better-than-expected earnings.  Now, I'll review the financial details of the September quarter. Unless otherwise noted, all of the growth rates I will be discussing have been adjusted to take account of currency effects.  Non-GAAP revenue was $1.48 billion and declined 2% versus the September 2008 period. We are encouraged by the improving trends in our maintenance revenues and by the sequential stabilization of our license revenue. The Consumer business continued to perform well, while our Enterprise Security business also improved sequentially. And we are encouraged by the initial signs of progress in the mid-market security segment.  We saw better than expected results from our public sector vertical, especially in North America, and increased volumes from financial services and telecommunications companies.  The U.S. dollar strengthened 3% against the euro as compared to the year ago period, reducing our international revenue as measured in U.S. dollars. As a result, foreign currency movements negatively impacted non-GAAP revenue by 1 percentage point year-over-year or by $14 million. However, currency effects positively impacted revenue as compared to the guidance we provided on July 29th. Had currency effects remained at our guided rate for the September quarter, non-GAAP revenue would have been $1.46 billion, still above our guided range.   Looking at our geographic results, international non-GAAP revenue of $750 million represented 51% of the total and was equal to the year ago period. The Asia/Pacific/Japan region was up 3%, while the Europe/Middle East/Africa region declined 1% and the Americas declined 4%.  Now Id like to move on to our non-GAAP revenue by segment.  The Consumer business generated revenue of $465 million, up 6% versus the September 2008 quarter. This is the second quarter in a row that the consumer business has generated 6% year-over-year growth and illustrates the positive impact our industry-leading products and dual-brand strategy are having on our results.  Electronic distribution represented approximately 80% of Consumer revenue. Our premium priced Norton 360 suite now accounts for 35% of Consumer revenue, having grown 43% versus the reported results in the year ago period. Our action to bring our ecommerce store in-house will further bolster consumer revenue and cash flow growth in the future.  Across our Enterprise business, we generated a total of 279 transactions valued at more than $300,000 each - up 7% sequentially - and 70 transactions worth more than $1 million each, up 32% sequentially.  The Storage and Server Management Group generated revenue of $563 million, declining 8% as compared to the September 2008 quarter. This year-over-year change was in line with the June quarter results, driven by the continuation of the customer buying behavior that we discussed last quarter and by the decline in server sales.  Our Security and Compliance Group generated revenue of $348 million, down 1% year-over-year. Endpoint security posted good sequential growth as more Enterprise customers purchased our protection suite and our new small business edition started to penetrate the SMB segment.  We are pleased by the strong net promoter scores reported by customers and partners for our new SMB product.  Our Services business unit generated revenue of $103 million, equal to the September 2008 quarter result. We saw growth in our Consulting and Managed Security Services segments. We continue to focus on improving the cost efficiency of our Services operations and were pleased with the contribution improvements that the group has made during the past few quarters.  Turning now to margins, non-GAAP gross margin was 85.9% for the September 2009 quarter, up 20 basis points as compared to the year ago period. Our non-GAAP operating margin of 29.2% was equal to the result generated during the September 2008 quarter, driven by disciplined expense management.  Non-GAAP net income was $294 million, resulting in fully diluted non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.36 for the September 2009 period.  We exited the September quarter with a cash position of approximately $2.3 billion.  Cash flow from operating activities generated $226 million in the September quarter, and we spent $120 million to repurchase 7.9 million shares at an average price of $15.22. We remain confident in the strength of our cash flow generation and committed to returning value to our shareholders. As a result, our Board of Directors has approved a new $1 billion share repurchase program.  Our net accounts receivable balance at the end of the September quarter was $688 million. Days sales outstanding or DSO was 42 days.  Non-GAAP deferred revenue at the end of the September 2009 quarter was $2.91 billion, up 4% year-over-year, driven by strong maintenance billings. Foreign currency movements positively impacted non-GAAP deferred revenue versus our guidance. Had foreign exchange remained at the guided rate for the quarter, deferred revenue would have been $2.86 billion, still above our guided range.  Now Id like to spend a few minutes discussing our guidance for the December 2009 quarter. We are assuming an exchange rate of $1.47 per euro versus the $1.32 per euro we experienced during the December 2008 quarter, equivalent to approximately an 11% currency tailwind.  Also, note that the end-of-period rate for the December 2008 quarter was $1.39 per euro, equivalent to approximately a 6% currency tailwind versus our $1.47 per euro assumption.  Our guidance also assumes a common stock equivalents total for the quarter of approximately 820 million shares and an effective tax rate of 29.5%.  Recent movements in several key exchange rates have changed the rules of thumb we provide to assist analysts in estimating the impact of currency fluctuations on our financial metrics as follows - for each one cent strengthening of the euro versus the U.S. dollar we now estimate that we receive a revenue benefit of $4 million versus the previous $4.5 million benefit.  Similarly, operating expenses rise by about $3 million rather than $2 million, and therefore it takes a $0.10 strengthening of the euro to generate an incremental $0.01 of earnings per share versus the previous rule of thumb, which only required a $0.05 strengthening of the euro.  There is no change to the deferred revenue rule of thumb of $7 million for each $.01 movement of the euro.  For the December 2009 quarter we expect non-GAAP revenue to be in the range of $1.485 to $1.515 billion as compared to revenue of $1.54 billion during the December 2008 quarter.  At the midpoint of the guided range, we expect revenue to decline by approximately 2.5% year-over-year.  Non-GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be between $0.36 and $0.37 as compared to $0.42 in the year ago period. Approximately $0.02 of dilution is related to our new ecommerce solution, while another $0.02 of dilution is related to a projected increase in OEM PC unit shipments, which in turn results in higher placement fees being incurred by Symantec during the December quarter. Clearly, higher-than-expected PC unit shipments bode well for our Consumer business over the long-run.  We continue to expect that our operating margins for FY '10 will decline between 100 and 150 basis points as compared to FY '09, as we stated on our previous earnings call.  We expect non-GAAP deferred revenue to be between $3 and $3.05 billion as compared to $2.96 billion at the end of December 2008. At the midpoint of the guided range, we expect deferred revenue to grow approximately 2% year-over-year.  We expect 68% or $1.02 billion of our December quarter revenue to come from the balance sheet.  In closing, Id like to emphasize that, while we are pleased with our September quarter results, we are focused on executing effectively quarter after quarter. We will continue to drive our top line priorities while effectively managing our costs.  And now Ill turn it back to Helyn so that we can take some of your questions. 
Helyn Corcos: Thank you, James.  Gwen, will you please begin polling for questions?
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator Instructions) 
Helyn Corcos: While the operator is polling for questions, I'd like to update you on a few upcoming events.  We will be presenting at the following conferences this quarter: Lazard, NASDAQ in London, Credit Suisse and Raymond James.  We will be reporting our fiscal third quarter results on January 27th.  And for a complete list of all of our investor-related events, please visit our Events Calendar on the Investor Relations website. Gwen, we are ready for our first question.
Operator:  Your first question comes from John Difucci - J.P. Morgan.
John Difucci - J.P. Morgan: Just a question here on the Consumer. It was up 6%. We also saw Microsoft's results, saw some consumer strength both in Windows and in Xbox. And I just want to just get a gauge, I mean, you're through the beginning of this quarter anyway and, if this really has legs coming forward, how much of an impact do you think the new OS coming out is really going to have here? Has it carried over? And it does sound like the - I just want to, I guess, verify - that it does sound like the Enterprise business, anyway, may have stabilized here and at the same time, just judging from the deferred revenue changes relative to other years, people still, though, are buying for what they need today.
Enrique Salem: So, John, when you look at the Consumer business, I think our products are, again, the best products on the market. We've won over 150 awards for the 2009 products, and the 2010 products we believe are even better given the technology I mentioned that we code named Quorum, which brings in our reputation-based security technology, which is a big differentiator for us. As you know, the new threats are really the zero day attacks, and we think we've got the best solution for that type of attack. That same technology will also become available in our Enterprise products.  So the Consumer segment is doing well, I think, based on the strength of the products themselves, and I think the consumer buying behavior for us has continued to do well over the last several quarters, and I expect that to continue. I think on the Enterprise side you used the word that we've started to see stabilization. I think that's right. I also am pleased with the progress we're making with our new Endpoint security product in the SMB segment. So definitely some positive signs. But the environment still continues to have some folks who are concerned about their IT spending. But overall we're definitely seeing stabilization.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch: Just two quick questions for you. One, Enrique, maybe if you can give us an update on the OEM deals that you might have secured during the quarter. I think you provided the last update at the analyst day back in June. I was wondering if you had an update now. And also second, with NetBackup 6.6 and BackupExec 2.0 either launched or to be launched, between the two, how much of the forecast for the December quarter hinges upon any pent-up demand for these products or are you actually being conservative with your projection for the December quarter, not really including any material amount of business from these two backup products?
Enrique Salem: When we think about the OEM business, we continue to make sure that we're going to do deals that we feel are profitable and make business sense for us. I think the OEM deals that we did were more focused on the online backup business. The deals with Toshiba and Acer now gives us relationships with four of the top five OEMs, and we're definitely making some very progress there.  I think with regards to NetBackup 6.6 and BSR, the new BackupExec System Recovery, the BSR release is coming out now and so from an impact perspective on the quarter, it's minimal impact.
Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch: So I would be right in assuming that you've not assumed an [inaudible] amount of contribution from these two products in your forecast for the December quarter?
Enrique Salem: Yes, we have not. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: Enrique, on the storage side, I think you mentioned that the portion of the business that comes sold on the Sun platform is starting to show some signs of stabilization as well. If that's the case, what do you think is now kind of a normalized growth rate underpinning your storage business now that we're starting to get through that headwind of Sun? 
Enrique Salem: I think that the Sun platform, especially on the RISC side, the Sun RISC processor side, has continued to flatten out is the way I would put it. It's stabilized. I don't know that it's going to turn. I don't expect it to. My expectation is more about what are all the things we can do with our storage business on some of the other platforms and some of our new solutions, like FileStore, and getting on to other platforms like Windows and Linux. So I'm less focused on what's happening with the Sun platform and really looking at how do we move customers and how do we support customers on some of the other platforms.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: And maybe just a follow up because when I think of that business I think of it as kind of on one side the backup and recovery and the other side then the storage management, what we're kind of just talking about. How different is the growth rate between those two halves of the business? Because I feel like the storage foundation suite business has kind of in some ways depressed what may be fairly healthy on the other side.
Enrique Salem: Yes, I think when you look at the move that customers are making from tape-based backup to disc-based backup, there is a meaningful migration and that is absolutely helping the result in the NetBackup business. I think that you've got a modest to much flatter growth rate on the storage foundation side. Now some of the things that we are doing, Sarah, and you'll hear us talk more about this in the coming months is some of the capabilities that we're going to be delivering on the storage foundation Command Central Storage platform integrating some security capabilities. And I think the other thing that's important to note is that with the FileStore technology, I expect that will also help our results on the storage management side.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse.
Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse: Just focusing back on the storage side, clearly you have several new products coming out over the next multiple quarters here. Is there any one in particular or a couple that stand out that you're sort of looking for to drive license growth? And then also just in terms of sales force productivity, Enrique, on the last call you mentioned some changes to the compensation structure. I'm wondering if you could comment on what results you're seeing from that and what future changes we might see.
Enrique Salem: Sure. I think when you look at what's going on in the storage area, our Stop Buying Storage campaign continues to resonate with customers as we help them get much better utilization of their existing storage. And so that bodes well for things like Command Central Storage and some of the other products that we have that help our customers understand storage utilization and how to make improvements.  When you look at the other products in the overall Storage segment, the NetBackup product I think is one that we're continuing to see demand from customers based on the migration from tape to disc-based backup and some of the new capabilities that we are going to be delivering. Now NetBackup, we're expecting that to be shipped in the March quarter and the real impact of that will be in fiscal year '11.  I think when you talk about the sales force and some of the changes we've made and we're continuing to look at, ultimately it really comes down to for me increasing what I would say specialization on areas where we see the biggest opportunities. And so we're continuing to do some of that work right now. We're seeing the first six months of results; we're analyzing it, and you should expect us to continue through this fiscal year to look at what are the benefits of specialization or further specialization on key product areas that we see good growth opportunities. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank Securities: If we dig into the Consumer for a minute, you guys are starting to expand your dual-brand strategy. You highlighted the retailer in Australia. What is the risk that you start to cannibalize price points around the Norton brand? And then secondly, if we look at kind of the OEM relationships from a protection perspective - forget about backup - clearly you guys have a larger installed base, but why would the economics of an incremental OEM relationship be different for you versus your largest competitor?
Enrique Salem: Let me just take the first question and then we'll come back to the second one, Todd. If you look at the first question, we definitely have a couple of dynamics. The Norton brand has historically gone after a couple of segment in the market that is more the premium security buyer and PC Tools I think is going after a more price-sensitive buyer.  The good news, though, in the Australian retailer that I mentioned is that we were able to push competitors off the shelves basically, and so now what you've got is you've got PC Tools and Norton side by side where before they may have considered alternative products from competitors. And so I see that as a real positive for the dual-brand strategy and what we're able to do by basically gaining shelf space in some key markets. The second part of your question, Todd, if you could repeat it for me?
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank Securities: Yes. If I compare you guys to your largest competitor, I would think when you analyze an OEM transaction most of the revenue and cost associated with that is applied to new units going out the door. So I struggle with the fact that you guys, the sense I get is some of these OEM deals going on you guys just don't think are profitable, yet your largest competitor considers them very profitable. And I'm trying to understand what the different factors are that would influence that conclusion.
Enrique Salem: Well, I can speak to how we look at the deals. We look at the operating margin characteristics of our business, what the growth rate would be from any one transaction, and we also spend time thinking about the customer lifetime value. And what you can always do in a CLV calculation is you can extend the numbers of years that you expect a customer to stay with you.  And so we are always looking at our assumptions, but a lot of the analysis we do is based on that customer lifetime value. I don't like to look at these and extend out the lifetime that we expect a consumer to stay on a particular platform given just some of the dynamics that we've understood in the years we've been in this business. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities: You mentioned some competitive wins in the Enterprise segment. As you look at some of the more significant wins, what products are you selling? Who are you displacing?
Enrique Salem: If you look at some of the bigger wins - I highlighted a couple in my comments; one was a big U.S. telecommunications company - that was a combination of our products where it was the strength of the portfolio. It was products like Control Compliance Suite, Endpoint Security, Managed Security Services, I mean, this was a very large deal where it absolutely was about the strength and breadth of our portfolio, where the CIO, his team presented him with an alternative point security product and he said we're not going to keep doing this, guys; we have to standardize on fewer vendors, standardize on a security partner, and they selected Symantec and went across four or five of our security products in that deal. So it was actually the combination that really clinched that. I think I highlighted deals with the City of Stockholm and others where it's your usual suspects. It's the companies that are in second place and down that we are getting these displacements from right now, and that's really driven by the focus that we have put on the Security business since the beginning of this fiscal year and we're starting to get some traction with displacements, quite frankly, against all of our competitors.
James Beer: Just one thing to add to that to build on the cross-selling point that Enrique was making. Obviously, we track our big deals in great detail, and it was interesting to see in this past quarter that for our $1 million and above deals, which we noted were up very nice sequentially, we had 20% of those deals now involving three of our business units on the Enterprise side. So a nice illustration that we're really selling across the portfolio.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities: And then focusing on the cost side of the equation, there's been a lot of focus around sales and marketing, especially for the last six months, but if I look at that as a function of revenue, it actually ticked up sequentially 60 basis points. Is this new initiatives around sales specialists or why was there inefficiency in the quarter, especially given some of the revenue strength and the flat license performance?
James Beer: On the cost side of the equation, quarter-over-quarter the two things that drove the numbers there were foreign exchange and then OEM fees. So those were the drivers.  In terms of the Enterprise sales force, we continue to see improvements in efficiency there. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley.
Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley: My first question, I guess, is about the upcoming BackupExec release. In the prepared comments you talked about some of the incremental functions, in particular, de-duplication and archiving as being able to accelerate the cross-selling opportunity. Does that mean that you think you'll be able to charge for those separately so, if you are a customer on maintenance and you want those new features, you'll actually have to buy them separately? And how do you think about that cross-selling opportunity?
Enrique Salem: We definitely believe that there is an opportunity to charge for the new functionality separately. As you know, many of the things we do on the NetBackup platform are integrating new options and various agents, so we do think that there's an opportunity.  And I think if you look at our message of commoditizing the hardware or the infrastructure, I think that NetBackup 7.0 is going to help us do that because what you're going to get is the ability for us to much more efficiently utilize the existing hardware that you have plus also give you a lot of choice on what storage devices you use in conjunction with NetBackup. So I think this is going to be a release that will not only add the new functionality but accelerate our ability to drive costs out for our customers.
Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley: And if I could ask a follow up on the margin side, James, I believe you said that you're going to incur $0.02 of costs related to the move to your internal ecommerce platform and $0.02 from OEM shipments ramping up. Would you expect to see the same kind of dilution in the fourth quarter?
James Beer: Well, on the OEM shipments it's hard to say because very much we're driven by the production volume forecasts of our various OEM partners. So that's a tough one to predict. And then in terms of the ecommerce platform, I would expect there to be a couple of cents of dilution in the March quarter for that.
Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley: So I guess as we think out a little bit more medium term, a lot of folks, including us at Morgan Stanley, are expecting to see a relatively significant ramp in the PC market next year. How shall we think about the impact of a material acceleration in the PC market with respect to you maybe bearing some upfront costs around those shipments before you actually get activations on the back end?
James Beer: Well, that's exactly right. We take the operating expenditure upfront when our OEM partners are shipping the units out of their factories. And, of course, the benefit to us on the top line comes ratably over time, and that's after the customer has physically received the unit and then had the 60 or 90-day trial period. So there is quite a difference between when we recognize the revenue and when we incur the cost upfront.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Heather Bellini - ISI Group.
Heather Bellini - ISI Group: I was wondering, Enrique, if you could just share with us a little bit about if we've seen the anniversarying now of the pressure on contract durations in the Enterprise side that you referred to in your June quarter results? 
Enrique Salem: I think we've got probably at least one more quarter. We've got to get through December, and it could be all the way through March to really anniversary it. So it could be as much as six months, Heather. 
Heather Bellini - ISI Group: Going forward would you expect that behavior, then, of the shortened contract durations, do you think that's here for good, that that's what we should expect when we're modeling going forward or do you think there's a chance that you could start to see those lengthen again next year?
Enrique Salem: I think when you look at the balance of fiscal '10 and then looking at fiscal '11, I would expect it to be very, very similar to what we're seeing right now. You may towards the end of fiscal year '11 or beginning of fiscal year '12 start seeing an increase, but it's more dependent on the overall IT spending environment. So from a modeling perspective I'd say same for the balance of this year and fiscal year '11.
Heather Bellini - ISI Group: On the expense front, James, you mentioned about the uptick in OEM shipments and that you're going to have the upfront costs associated with that. How much of a benefit did you get from that when PC shipments were coming in, and does that mean that you might not have as much room on the efficiency side going forward from a cost perspective as we've just seen over the last three or four quarters?
James Beer: Well, I think that certainly if PC unit shipments continue to grow then it'll be quite a headwind for us in terms of our various other cost reduction activities. Now of course they will continue. We're very much focused on building efficiency.  So as to have we seen some benefit from the slowing of PC shipments in the last year or so? Yes, there have been quarters where that has been the case. I wouldn't say, though, that that has been terribly dramatic in any one quarter. That's why we haven't been particularly calling it out.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Brad Zelnick - Macquarie Research Equities.
Brad Zelnick - Macquarie Research Equities: James, not to beat a dead horse here but just once again on the OEM placement fees and your expectation for Q3, just to clarify, what is the assumption for increased units versus any change to the placement fees themselves?
James Beer: No change to the placement fees themselves; it's just unit volumes.
Brad Zelnick - Macquarie Research Equities: And reconciling the dilution with cash flow, what are the typical terms from the shipment to when the impact is actually paid to the OEM?
James Beer: Well, in terms of cash flow, you've got the period of time that it takes HP to get it out of the factory - that when we pay them and others - to the store itself, and so that could take a month, six weeks perhaps. And then there's a certain amount of time in the store. That's on the order maybe of a few weeks. And then there's the 60 or 90-day, depending upon the deal, trial period. And then it's at that point that the customer purchases the product and we receive the cash.
Brad Zelnick - Macquarie Research Equities: Asia/Pac seemed to be a strong performance in the quarter. Can you comment on what drove that and any additional color?
Enrique Salem: If you think about our business, what we're definitely continuing to see is the growth in the Chinese market. I mean, I just remember a couple short years ago China was smaller than our business in Pacific - in Australia and New Zealand - and now China is rapidly approaching the size of Japan for us on the Enterprise side. So I think a lot of the health of the Asia/Pacific region has been China. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Robert Breza - RBC Capital Markets.
Robert Breza - RBC Capital Markets: Enrique, I was wondering if you could just talk about what kind of growth you've seen in the pipeline. Obviously, large deals seem to be returning. As you're looking at those large deals and then taking into account the deal term, can you talk to us qualitatively or what you're seeing relative to your pipeline?
Enrique Salem: As we think about the business right now, the thing that I'm encouraged by is that we are continuing to have an opportunity to cross-sell our products into the customer base, and we are seeing more and more where customers are saying we're going to do business with less vendors.  And I think that bodes well for Symantec because ultimately, with the richness of our product portfolio and the integration work that we're doing, I've got a sense right now that the DLP product is strengthening our security business because that's having the effect of opening the conversations around what are the risks, what are the threats, and how do we not only sell DLP but then Control Compliance Suite and some of the other products in the Security portfolio, and also pulling in potentially products from the Storage side like Enterprise Vault.  So I think that's going to bode well for the numbers of deals and the size of the deals, and my expectation is, given that this is a fairly large renewal quarter, specifically on the traditional Storage side of the business, I think that'll be a positive for us as we go through the December quarter. 
Robert Breza - RBC Capital Markets: You've been through the sales specialization for six months now. You've obviously seen some success with it. How long do you think it becomes meaningful where you see meaningful share gains or I should say maybe we on the outside start to see meaningful share gains with this sales strategy?
Enrique Salem: When you're working with a sales force of roughly 4,000 people you do look at how do you get the changes made, get everybody focused on the right product lines, and my sense is that you won't see the effect of the sales force change probably until fiscal year '11. I think it's something that right now we've been looking at districts in various parts of the U.S. and outside the U.S., and so it's going to be a bit more of we'll continue to analyze the benefits of it and the impact will probably be felt in fiscal year '11. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Katherine Egbert - Jefferies & Company.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies & Company: Back to the large deals - what's your win rate on those large deals and do you feel like it's increasing or decreasing?
Enrique Salem: Sorry?
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies & Company: On the large deals, the deals, say, over $1 million in particular, what do you think your win rate is and has that win rate improved or decreased, would you say?
Enrique Salem: It's absolutely improved. I think the notion here is that many of the deals when we get into the much larger deals that have many products, it really ends up being more we've been selected to be more of a strategic partner/vendor, and then it's a matter of what is the sum total of what the customer is going to be using in the one, two, three-year period. It's less about a point product competition. And that's what I think is the real strength of our portfolio at this point, that we are able to bring a range of products together in some of the larger deals. 
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies & Company: And then I think it was last quarter, Enrique, that you guided down the margin. You talked about doing more in house, and then we saw, you know, your relationship on the ecommerce side change. Are there any other opportunities you can share with us where you're making any sort of strategic changes like that?
Enrique Salem: Katherine, I'm thinking through. There are absolutely opportunities to continue to drive and manage our cost structure. I don't know of another item that we are currently contemplating of that scale. But on that particular item, that's obviously going well; our tests are going well, and we continue to see some improvements as we can now have direct control of the customer online experience and how we can test various options. But it's early. We've been doing this for less than a month - just a few weeks. But so far so good. 
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies & Company: How about the reverse side of that question, which is: Is there anything internally that you would consider selling off or outsourcing to improve the margins?
James Beer: Well, on the outsourcing side we actually have done quite a lot of work over the last year or two on both the IT side of the house and then the back office finance operation-type areas of the business. We're pleased with the financial returns that are coming out of that, but also in terms of the effectiveness of our ability to do our jobs. So that's really been the primary development going in the other direction.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Aaron Schwartz - Ladenburg, Thalmann & Co.
Aaron Schwartz - Ladenburg, Thalmann & Co.: I had a follow up question on the Consumer business. Understanding that PC Tools maybe expands your addressable market, can you talk at all about the consumer margin as that gains a larger mix shift? Is that going to put pressure on the Consumer margin or would you expect 360 and some other higher ASP products to continue to rise to offset that?
Enrique Salem: I think it is a relatively smaller part of the overall business, but it does have a lower margin than the premium-priced Norton products.  Now one of the benefits - and I just touched on it, Aaron - was the ecommerce side, where we will get some margin improvement in everything that we do online. And then the other opportunity is clearly to move folks from PC Tools through the range of the Norton products and try to get them up to Norton 360, and that's where we really would get the big payoff - if we can create a great experience for the customer and then upsell them all the way through the product line to 360. 
Aaron Schwartz - Ladenburg, Thalmann & Co.: Looking at the revenue guidance into the December quarter, what are your assumptions for year end spending on the Enterprise side? And given the deferred revenue outperformance, is there any reason that the sequential revenue shouldn't be greater? Is there something that pulled off here a little bit that you didn't expect?
James Beer: Well, we're expecting to see some level of budget flush at the end of December. But we are cognizant, of course, that IT budgets are down this year at our customers versus last year, so we wouldn't expect it to be as great a budget flush as we saw last December. 
Aaron Schwartz - Ladenburg, Thalmann & Co.: And on the deferred revenue?
James Beer: Sorry, what was the question around that?
Aaron Schwartz - Ladenburg, Thalmann & Co.: Just given the deferred revenue outperformance, is there any reason a sequential move in revenue shouldn't be a little greater in the December quarter? Did something not stabilize further than what you'd expected maybe 90 days ago?
James Beer: No, we were pleased by how the deferred revenue came through - very much relative of the strength of the maintenance revenues that we were recording. And the December quarter is obviously a big maintenance renewals quarter, so I would expect to see continued strength on the deferred side of it. As our Security business continues to develop and we believe take share over time, then of course that tends to be more ratable in its nature than does the Storage side of our business. So I think you can expect to see some sort of a shift in the mix, if you will, as a result. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Brian Freed - Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.
Brian Freed - Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.: Real quick, as we look at the Server and Storage Management segment, over the last couple of years there's been some shifts in your pricing methodology. So as we try and correlate the growth in that to various trends such as storage capacity, the number of virtual machines, the number of physical servers, the number of processor cores, where do you see the highest correlation in terms of what drives positive or negative trends in that business?
Enrique Salem: I think when you look at the model, right now what we're trying to do is look at capacity-based pricing for some of our products given the rapid increase in storage and the rapid growth in storage. And so what you're seeing is us absolutely being able to move some customers there. We had a couple of very large deals we did this quarter that moved backup customers to a capacity-based model.  Ultimately, though, you definitely are seeing customers look for cost savings and how they drive more efficiency and basically reduce their cost of infrastructure. I think anything that allows us to help them do that, that is absolutely a positive from a quick benefit or ROI for the customer.
Brian Freed - Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.: So as you look at your deals, how far along do you think you are in terms of moving to more of a capacity-based pricing model?
Enrique Salem: It's early. I think it's very early. I think that we've introduced it. We're definitely seeing big deals happen on a capacity model. But we're just at the beginning of that.
Helyn Corcos: Gwen, we have time for one more question.
Operator:  Your last question comes from Daniel Ives - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.
Daniel Ives - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Can you just talk about the Federal business? There's a lot of talk about cybersecurity spending. It's a big initiative with the government. It obviously came in strong. Just talk about that in the quarter but, more importantly, just going forward how you guys are viewing that and just are you able to get that opportunity?
Enrique Salem: I think this quarter we saw double-digit growth in the Federal business as it's their fiscal year end. We definitely see opportunity with some of the new initiatives. We've had a number of discussions with the leadership teams across the various agencies, both civilian and non-civilian, and there's a range of things that they're trying to do specifically in the security category where we see a lot of opportunity. I expect that to be something that will develop over the balance of this fiscal year and into fiscal year '11.
Operator:  And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back to Enrique Salem for any closing remarks.
Enrique Salem: Well, in conclusion, we're pleased with our execution during the September quarter. In particular, we're pleased with the strength in the Consumer segment and with the initial progress we're seeing in the SMB Security market. That concludes today's call, and I'd like to say thank you to everybody for joining us. I look forward to speaking with all of you again soon. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you, everyone. That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q1  (2009-07-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Helyn Corcos - VP IR Enrique Salem - President and CEO James Beer - CFO
Analysts: Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch John Difucci - JPMorgan Philip Winslow - Credit Suisse Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities Brent Thill - Citigroup Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley Walter Pritchard - Cowen & Company Aaron Schwartz - Ladenburg Thalmann Brian Freed - Morgan Keegan Michael Turits - Raymond James Daniel Ives - Freedman Billings Ramsey Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird Tim Klasell - Thomas Weisel Partners
Operator: Good day and welcome to Symantec's first quarter 2010 Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Helyn Corcos, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead madam.
Helyn Corcos: Thank you Tom. Good afternoon and thank you for joining our call to discuss fiscal first quarter 2010 financial results. With me today are Enrique Salem, Symantec's President and CEO, and James Beer, Symantec's Executive Vice President and CFO. In a moment, I will turn the call over to Enrique. He will start with a few comments about our quarterly activities and results, then James will provide financial and operational details, as well as discuss our guidance as outlined in the press release. Then will be followed by a question and answer session. Today's call is being recorded, and will be available for replay on Symantec's Investor Relations website. A copy of today's press release and supplemental financial information are available on our website and a copy of today's prepared remarks will be available on the Investor Relations website shortly after the call is completed. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that our June 2008 period results included 14 weeks of activity versus the normal 13 weeks of the June 2009 quarter has. We outline the specific financial details of the extra week for you in our press release and supplemental information. Let me briefly review this with you. Non-GAAP revenue for the June 2008 quarter included approximately $75.0 million of a one-time benefit and non-GAAP earnings per share included approximately $0.03 of a one-time benefit generated from the extra week. Non-GAAP deferred revenue included a one-time negative impact of approximately $5.0 million from the extra week. We will exclude the impact of the extra week when comparing our June, 2009 guidance and results to the June 2008 results. Next, we will review our non-GAAP financial results focusing on constant currency growth rates, unless otherwise stated. For the March 2009 quarter, the actual weighted average exchange rate was $1.37 per euro and the end of period rate was $1.40 per euro, compared to our guided rates of $1.30 per euro. For the 2008 quarter, the actual weighted average rate was $1.56 per euro and the end of period rate was $1.58 per euro. For revenue and operating expense purposes, current and comparative prior period results for entities reporting in currencies other than the U.S. dollar are converted into U.S. dollars at actual exchange rates in effect during the respective prior periods. For deferred revenue, results are converted into U.S. dollars at the actual exchange rate in effect at the end of the prior period. We have included a summary and reconciliation of the year-over-year growth rates in our press release tables and in our supplemental information available on the website. Given the rapidly fluctuating exchange rate environment, Id like to remind everyone to apply the rules of thumb provided as a guide to estimating the impact of currency fluctuations on our financial metrics. It's important to note however, that these rules of thumb will move around based on the actual currency fluctuations and the mix of our revenue and expenses. Although the divergent currency moves in the yen and the British pound versus the euro impacted revenue and expenses during the June, 2009 period, we are not making adjustments to our rule of thumb at this point. We will evaluate the fluctuations during the September period and provide an update next quarter. Moving on, some of the information discussed on this call, including our projections regarding revenue, operating results, deferred revenue, cash flow from operations, amortization of acquisition-related intangibles, and stock-based compensation for the coming quarter contains forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materials from those set forth in the statement. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties can be found in the company's most recent periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission. Symantec assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. In addition to reporting financial results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP, Symantec reports non-GAAP financial results. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP results, which can be found on the press release and on our website. And now, I'd like to introduce our CEO, Mr. Enrique Salem.
Enrique Salem: Thank you, Helyn and good afternoon, everyone. Our ongoing focus on expense management resulted in earnings per share within our guided range. However, as of some our enterprise customers focused their spending on shorter term contracts, this resulted in reduced new license revenue in the period. Therefore, we ended our first quarter with lighter than expected revenue, but with a stronger deferred revenue balance. Deferred revenue remains strong as customers continued to renew their maintenance contracts. During the quarter, we focused on a small number of priorities and we laid the ground work to drive improved execution during the second half of the fiscal year. However, as our customers focus on purchasing fewer new licenses, this has put pressure on our ability to hold margins steady during the June quarter and has impacted our view of operating margins for the remainder of the fiscal year. In line with historical seasonal patterns, we expect our business to deliver better results during the second half of our fiscal year versus the first half. This is partly due to expectations that IT spending will improve in the December period, as customers spend to their annual budget targets. As such, we remain confident in our strategy and business plans, and will continue to focus on improving execution. Now, I would like to review the details of our results. Let me start with our consumer business, a bright spot for us in this period. I'm pleased with the performance of our consumer business. They delivered 6% year-over-year growth and grew nearly 3% sequentially. We're widely recognized as having the best consumer products on the market. Our Norton 2009 products have won over 130 awards globally. No other U.S. company has won more than a handful of awards for their comparable 2009 products. We're continuing to drive innovation. A clear example is our new 2010 products, which feature an original approach to protection called reputation-based security. With this new capability, codename Quorum, we are able to utilize the unrivaled data from our extensive, global intelligence network to statistically infer the likelihood of an unknown application to be good or bad, even if we've never seen it before. PC magazine called the beta version of Norton Internet security 2010 record breakingly effective. It is clear that we're widening our technical lead over our nearest competitors. The products are expected to ship in September. From a distribution perspective, we're continuing to be focused and thoughtful when competing for OEM business. This quarter, we strengthened some of our OEM relationships and added several new ones. We expanded our relationship with Sony in three key areas of their business. First, Norton Internet security is shipping on all biosystems in the Americas. Second, Sony is offering North American customers a protection suite that includes Norton Internet security and Norton Online Backup. And third, Sony made its Norton Online Backup agreement global, expanding into two new geographies. Also, HP is now shipping a 30-day trial offer of Norton Online Backup pre-installed on all consumer desktop and Notebook PCs worldwide. And finally, we started shipping Norton Internet Security on all Lenovo Think branded systems in an exclusive multiyear agreement. We believe our top-notch security products, combined with our strong partnerships will enable Symantec to experience continued success in the consumer market. Now, I'll turn to our enterprise business. Let me start with our security business. We started shipping our SMB offering in May, but due to the ratable nature of our security business, we expect to see a gradual benefit on our top line as customers adopt this new offering. During the quarter, we focused sales and marketing resources specifically on the SMB market. We create an SMB specialization in North America and plan to roll out a similar focus in EMEA and APJ regions during the September quarter. We launched an aggressive campaign in which we reached over 18,000 partners through technical training events, site demos and joint partner sales calls to educate and train our partners on our new offerings. The initial feedback from our partners has been very positive. Account managers at major resellers such as CDW, praise our ease of installation, service and technical support. In addition, just as you've seen in our consumer business, initial reviews of our enterprise security solutions have been strong. PC World recommended our products specifically for small businesses. Our end point management business posted sequential growth this quarter as we saw combined security and management deals. We expect to see strong activity during the second half of the fiscal year, when Asset Management Suite 7.0, the last component of the total management suite, is shipped. Furthermore, we believe the upcoming launch of Windows 7 will benefit our business over time. We are well-positioned as we migrated millions of units in the past and have built best practices to make the upgrade transition smooth and cost-effective for customers. Our Software to Service business posted sequential growth as the sales organization continues to build traction with these services. We're starting to leverage cross selling opportunities for Online Securities Solutions within the Symantec customer base. We'll continue to expand our portfolio with new SaaS offerings. Moving on to the storage and server management area, with the continued pressure on IT professionals to do more with less, we've seen fewer new data center projects resulting in fewer new license purchases. Nonetheless, our value proposition remains strong, given our software's ability to work in a heterogenous environment. Our software management tools allow customers to lower costs and get better ROI from their hardware infrastructure. As a result, our global pipeline for storage resource management is currently three times larger than this time last year. Our Stop Buying Storage campaign is filling this potential, as we help organizations significantly reduce or eliminate near-term storage purchases through the identification and reclamation of unused capacity and the implementation of thin provisioning. We saw steady performance of our backup and recovery products during the June quarter. It is clear that customers see our commitment equipment to help them reduce data, minimize complexity and commodotize infrastructure. Through our Deduplication Everywhere campaign, Symantec is moving deduplication closer to information sources. Integrating Deduplication Technology is already available in net back-up and enterprise vault, and will be available in the new version of Backup Exec later this year. We'll continue to develop advanced deduplication features through our OpenStorage technology APIs to provide an industry unique interface that allows our partners to integrate with our backup technologies. Also this quarter, we're shipping a new version of NetBackup that extends our leadership into Windows Enterprise segment and supports Microsoft Hyper-V. In conclusion, we remain confident in our strategy and business plans and will continue to be disciplined in our actions. We're focused on delivering superior products with an emphasis on improving the customer experience. We're being more disciplined in our selling approach by making improvements to the deal review and account planning processes. We've laid the foundation from approved execution during the second half of our fiscal year. I'll now turn the call over to James to provide the financial details of the quarter.
James Beer: Thank you, Enrique. And good afternoon, everyone. Unless otherwise noted, please be aware that all of the growth rates I will be discussing have been adjusted to take account of currency effects and the extra 14th week of activity in the June 2008 period. GAAP revenue was $1.43 billion. Non-GAAP revenue was $1.44 billion, and declined 4% versus the June 2008 period. We saw fewer large transactions this quarter, as customers put the emphasis on maintenance renewals over committing to new licenses. It's important to note that the U.S. dollar strengthened 12% against the euro as compared to the year-ago period, reducing our international revenue as measured in U.S. dollars. As a result, foreign currency movements negatively impacted non-GAAP revenue by 5 percentage point's year-over-year or by approximately $75 million. However, currency affects positively impacted revenue as compared to the guidance we provided on May 6th. Had currency effects remained at our guided rate for the June quarter, non-GAAP revenue would have been $1.42 billion. In addition, to foreign currency effects, the June 2008 period had an additional $75 million of revenue from an extra 14th week of activity, whereas the June 2009 period consisted of the usual 13 weeks of activity. Looking at our geographic results, international non-GAAP revenue of $722 million declined 5% and accounted for 50% of total non-GAAP revenue. Asia Pacific Japan was up 1% while the Americas and Europe Middle East Africa region declined 3% and 7% respectively. Now, I would like to move on to our non-GAAP revenue by segment. The consumer business generated revenue of $453 million, up 6% versus the June 2008 quarter. Electronic distribution represented approximately 80% of consumer revenue. Results were driven primarily by strong activity from our subscription renewals, OEM partnerships and online channels. Norton 360 accounted for more than 30% of consumer renew and grew 35% versus the reported results in the year ago period. The storage and server management group generated revenue of $553 million and declined 8% as compared to the June 2008 quarter driven by fewer storage management license sales. Our security and compliance group generated revenue of $342 million and declined 4% year-over-year. We moved our software as a service offerings out of the services group, leaving our services business to account for 7% of total revenue. Services generated revenue of $96 million and declined 15% compared to the June 2008 quarter. Turning now to margins, non-GAAP gross margin was 85.5% for the June 2009 quarter, flat as compared to the year ago period. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 28.5% due to a lighter than expected revenue in the June 2009 quarter versus the year ago period, operating margins were flat. GAAP net income was $73 million for the June 2009 quarter. Non-GAAP net income was $285 million. The June quarter's fully diluted GAAP earnings per share were $0.09. Non-GAAP fully diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.34 within our guided range. The June 2008 quarter EPS of $0.40 included a $0.03 benefit due to the extra week of activity. We exited the June quarter with approximately $2.2 billion in cash and cash equivalents. During the quarter, we spent $123 million to repurchase nearly 8 million shares as an average price of $15.59. Our net accounts receivable balance at the end of the June quarter was $619 million. Day sales outstanding or DSO was 39 days. Cash flow from operating activities for the June quarter was $371 million, primarily driven by strong collections and expense controls. Excluding the impact of the 14th week in foreign exchange movements, operating cash flow grew 1% compared to the year ago period. GAAP deferred revenue at the end of June 2009 was $2.97 billion. Non-GAAP deferred revenue reached $2.98 billion, up 2% compared to the June 2008 figure, and above our guided range. Foreign currency movements positively impacted non-GAAP deferred revenue versus our guidance. Had foreign exchange effects remain at the guided rate for the quarter, deferred revenue would have been $2.91 billion, still above the midpoint of our guided range. Now, I would like to spend a few minutes discussing our guidance for the September 2009 quarter. We're assuming an exchange rate of $1.40 per euro for the September 2009 quarter versus the $1.49 per euro we experienced during the September 2008 quarter equivalent to approximately a 6% currency headwind. Furthermore, please note that the end of period rate for September 2008 was $1.38 per euro, equivalent to approximately a 1% currency tail wind versus our $1.40 per euro assumption. Our guidance also assumes a common stock equivalence total for the quarter of approximately 820 million shares and an effective tax rate of 29.5%. For the September 2009 quarter, we expect GAAP revenue to be in the range of $1.395 to $1.445 billion. Non-GAAP revenue is estimated to be in the range of $1.4 to $1.45 billion, as compared to revenue of $1.52 billion during the September 2008 quarter. At the midpoint of the guided range, we expect revenue to decline approximately 4% in constant currency terms. GAAP earnings per share are forecasted to be in the range of between $0.14 and $0.16. Non-GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be between $0.32 and $0.34 as compared to $0.37 in the year ago period. At the end of the September quarter, we expect GAAP deferred revenue to be between $2.747 and $2.847 billion. We expect non-GAAP deferred revenue to be between $2.75 and $2.85 billion, as compared to $2.7 billion at the end of September 2008. At the midpoint of the guided range, we expect deferred revenue to grow approximately 2% year-over-year in constant currency terms. We expect about 70% or approximately a $1billion of our September quarter revenue to come from the balance sheet. In closing, we'll continue to stay focused on effectively managing costs. However, at the end of the June quarter, we saw more customers focusing their spending on shorter term contracts, which resulted in lower new license revenue and lower reported operating margins year-over-year for the quarter. This has both influenced our thinking around setting guidance for the September quarter and impacted our view of the full year. As a result, we're now projecting our reported FY '10 operating margins to decline between 100 and 150 basis points, as compared to FY '09. And now, I'll turn it back to Helyn, so that we can take some of your questions.
Helyn Corcos: Thank you, James. Tom, will you please begin polling for questions.
Operator: Yes madam. (Operator Instructions). We also ask you that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up today. That is star one at this time to ask a question.
Helyn Corcos: While Tom is calling for questions, I would like to update you on a few upcoming events. We'll be presenting at the Pacific Crest Conference on August 10th, at the Citigroup Conference on September 10th and at the ThinkEquity conference on September 16th. We'll be reporting our fiscal second quarter results on October 28th. For a complete list of our investor-related events and activities, please visit our events calendar on the IR website. Tom, we're ready for our first question.
Operator: Thank you. That question comes from Todd Raker with Deutsche Bank.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank: So, Enrique, if I look at the growth profile of Symantec today, clearly it's been disappointing, some of that is macro driven, but how much in your mind is competitive driven? And can you give us some insight in terms of where you think you stand competitively in the various business units and how we should think about kind of holes in the product portfolio or executional challenges going forward?
Enrique Salem: So, Todd, as I look at it, if I look at the consumer business, I'm pleased with how we did there. You know, the products are doing great. I mean we're widening our lead there. I mean, 130 awards for the Norton family of products. Clearly, I mean the very best on the market. And so I think we're doing well there. I think that team has put a beta out that is outstanding. I mean the initial review from PC Magazine is probably one of the best reviews I've seen in the last several years if not ever. So, I think that team is executing very, very well. If I turn my attention to the enterprise business for a moment, and I look at large enterprise, I think what I see is our security business specifically end point, the current version of the SEP is doing well. I had a number of displacements in the quarter where we've replaced competitors. And I think that is continuing to do well for us. I think the storage business in large enterprise, specifically we're definitely doing well. The most recent data from IDCU that was published in Q1 showed that we actually gained market share in Q1. That's the IDC data. And I think what we're seeing though is in large enterprise, that a lot of the contracts used to be a three-year kind of deal. We're seeing people buying licenses for one year at a time. And so that's specifically putting pressure on the business. But, I do see that we're performing well in large enterprise around storage. And if I move to the mid market, we shipped SEP small business last quarter. I think that that has been received well by partners. I think there's more work to do in SEP in the SMB segment with the SEP product line to get it into the marketplace, and to drive the adoption. And so, if I continue to see a place where we should see improvement over the next several quarters, it would be in the SMB segments. And that would be a place where I would tell you we've improved what we've got. Now, we've got to go close the business and I think you'll start seeing that results in a ratable nature given what I see the security business's current RevRec policy. So, my sense to it is, the biggest area for improvement that's in our control is in the SMB segment around our SEP offering and I think the products there, I think our partners and the reviews have been good. And now it's a matter of closing the business.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And one quick follow-up. What percentage of revenue in this quarter came off the balance sheet? I know you guys are guiding for 70% in the September quarter, but what was the metric this quarter?
Enrique Salem: That would have been just a little shy of a $1 billion or so would have come off the balance sheet.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Sarah Friar with Goldman Sachs.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: Good afternoon. Two questions for you. Enrique, as you look at the pipeline and what you're seeing in the business, do you think you're at a point where you're starting to at least see a trough or more stabilizing? And then I have a follow-up just on the year margin guidance.
Enrique Salem: I think when you look at our pipelines, I think our pipelines right now, we definitely see the ability to support the guidance that we've given. My sense, Sarah, is as I look at IT spending, I do think people are still looking for the short term ROIs. I don't think that that's changed in anything that I've seen in demand. I do believe that at least in some of the discussions I've had, that we will see a year end budget flush. How meaningful it will be is yet to be determined, but I do see some strength going into the back half of the year. But again, I'm comfortable with where our pipe lines are right now for the current guidance that we've given.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Kash Rangan with Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much. I was curious, if you could quantify SMB as a percentage of your security and compliance business unit just as to gauge how much of an incremental impact you could have with the SEP for SMB. Secondarily, if you look at the storage business, maybe that's where you're feeling most of the macro impact relatively speaking. We're hearing from other software companies that they're definitely starting to see some stability and potential signs of improvement. I was wondering if you guys are seeing that in a lagged way, you're not seeing that or perhaps you're seeing that but not quite confident that you want to talk about it on the conference call. Just give us some color commentary, as you look at the forward-looking tone of business and how some of the indicators might or might not improve. That's it for me.
Enrique Salem: So, Kash, on the first question, I would say roughly about 40% of the security and compliance segment is in the SMB. That's a rough number, and that will vary quarter-to-quarter. I think your comment is right on the storage and what we're seeing from a specifically kind of server sales, and how much incremental new demand is in the marketplace. I also think that in those agreements, customers historically, and when I say historically, prior to the last several quarters, had bought new licenses that were let's say for a three-year period. So, let's say that they were buying 1,000 new servers a year, they buy 1,000 agents for each of those second and third years. What they're doing now is they're saying I'm buying the agents for the current year and what I'm confident I'm going to deploy. So, that's the distinction that I think we're seeing in the difference. I think as far as demand, look, I think that as I talk to IT buyers around the world, they are definitely are interested in what we're selling. There's definitely demand. And I think that there is probably more confidence on the buying side. I think calendar Q1 was a quarter where we definitely saw buyers being a little bit more anxious. I think they have become a little more confident in the ability of their businesses to perform. I think there's definitely continued interest in both the secure and storage businesses. So, maybe that's what you're seeing or picking is that there is a little more confident in the buyer than we have probably seen in the first two quarters of the calendar year.
Operator: And we do have a question from John Difucci with JPMorgan.
John Difucci - JPMorgan: Thanks. Just a quick follow-up there to Kash's question, Enrique, just so I understand this. So, people are buying less capacity. They're not buying future capacity. They're buying the next year's worth of capacity instead of the next three years' worth of capacity and because of that, you're seeing - it takes almost the same amount of costs other than the commission that you have to pay the salesperson. So, that's why that has a negative impact on margins. Do I have that correct? Because I didn't quite understand what you guys are talking about on the call until?
Enrique Salem: There's two components to it. I think you definitely hit, I think it is true. The expense structure will be nearly comparable. But, also you get a little bit less revenue yield, because you're basically saying you get the revenue for one year instead of getting revenue for years two and three. Because the way revenue recognition works is that if you get paid for the licenses, so let's say I buy the 3,000 agents for the three years, the 1,000 for each year, if that gets paid up-front, which is how customers have typically done it, we recognize that revenue in period. And so what it does is this effect of what we're seeing is the expense side of it is pretty comparable, and maybe a little bit different on commissions, as you said. But, the amount of license revenue in period is going to be a little bit lower.
John Difucci - JPMorgan: And just one thing, because on this same subject, a couple of times, both you and James mentioned it. I just want to make sure because it almost sounded like you were paying and talked about maintenance mix and it almost sounded like you were paying similar commission rates on maintenance renewals as new license, and I just want to verify that that's not the case.
Enrique Salem: There are differences in what we pay ultimately and it varies not only by license versus maintenance, it also varies on what we do per segment. So, there is definitely differences. So, if there's something there that we should dig into on the statement we made, we'll look back at that but there are definitely differences.
James Beer: And with the lower revenue that we reported in periods, absolutely came lower commissions.
John Difucci - JPMorgan: And just one quick follow-up. And its surely goes on with a couple of the other questions, too. Because I just want to be clear here. The numbers coming out here really do imply that Symantec hasn't seen a bottom yet, because it looks to me, anyway, on an organic constant currency basis that your growth rates have declined and they continue to decline and they actually continue to whenever yet even looks sort of like it is going to get worse. So, you get a little confidence in it but in fact it is even a little bit worse than that. So, I mean obviously you're trying to do some things to change the operations of the company and improve the efficiencies but we're not seeing that yet either. Just curious, are there some secular issues in some of your businesses that just - I mean you can control some of the things but there's just something you just can't.
Enrique Salem: We spend time, analyzing what were all of the different dimensions of the business by product line, by segment. And I do think, as we look at the current environment, I don't expect that people are going to start buying years two and three again any time soon. I just don't think that's going to be a big change. And so that's one thing I would tell you that I think will be consistent probably through this year. And maybe we'll see a little difference in December. But in general, I don't expect to see a change there in the September the quarter, because they're going to do what they did in June as far as the term of the agreement
John Difucci - JPMorgan: On that one point, because that's important. So that is in the guidance, but it wasn't I guess, in the guidance for the June period you had assume that they were going to continue to buy at I guess longer terms than they actually did.
Enrique Salem: Correct. Correct.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Philip Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Credit Suisse: Hi, guys. Just a question back on license revenue. I guess thats been an area of softness for a couple of quarters now. When you kind of look going forward, what do you think the license revenue growth rate is for the next couple of quarters and can we actually get back to the point of growing license revenue year-over-year and what do we really need to get that? Is it a turnaround in the small midsize business or is it some sort of stabilization in storage?
Enrique Salem: I think you're on the right point. I think we've got to see the SMB segment improve and I think in my earlier comments is that there is that there is a ratable nature to securities. So, as we start booking business in security, you'll see that in revenue over a period of time. I think that the other thing that is important for us to continue to do, to drive new license is we've got to do a better job, in my opinion, of cross selling the portfolio. We're in every major account in the world and we've got to get more of the portfolio and so that speaks specifically to one of the priorities that I've set for our team, which is on the integration of our technologies, and so how do we bring Enterprise Vault and Net Backup together. How do we bring Enterprise Vault and Backup Exec together. Because, what that does is we can go back into the base and sell those products. And so my sense, at this point, is the thing that's going to help us drive improved license is more work in the SMB segment and better cross selling.
Philip Winslow - Credit Suisse: And then also, just a sales force efficiency perspective, obviously you have a sales force and sales for storage and storage but then also product specialists. Would you ever consider splitting that sales force back up, sort of allow Symantec in [various task] focusing on storage, and then one on security?
Enrique Salem: I think that we're always look at what improvements we need to make and in the large enterprise, and the biggest customers in the world, we tend to really believe that you've got to have one account manager that's trying to work across the organization. That doesn't mean that there isn't an opportunity for - you called it splitting lanes, but having a group of people who just focus on security and a group of people that focus on storage. And so we're always looking at that. We've actually done a couple of tests recently that we've started to see if there is some improvements in overall sales productivity. But, it's something that we've done in very small areas. It is going to take us a little longer to determine if that yields inefficiency. So, I wouldn't expect anything like that as far as a change in this fiscal year, because these are the kinds of things that we have to measure very carefully. But, you're on the right theme, which is we're going to focus on how do we improve overall productivity at the company and how do we improve productivity in our sales and marketing functions.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Rob Owens with Pacific Crest Securities.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities: Yeah, thanks. On the margin front, Enrique, you talked about five points in five years. And obviously this year is a bit of a reset, but is there still the focus around expense controls and revenue growth that should get you that type of target in your view?
Enrique Salem: So, Rob, I think at this point we absolutely believe that our goal as stated is 100 basis points of margin improvement per year. This year, I think you said it correctly, is that we're looking at a little bit different environment, and so the notion of 500 base points over a five-year period, starting from where we have currently set the expectations is what you should expect.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities: And then second, can you talk about the linearity in the quarter and just how it started versus how it ended?
Enrique Salem: Yeah, I think when you think about the linearity, this quarter tends to be fairly weighted toward the month of September, because specifically in Europe, you get significant holidays in both July and August.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities: I was referring to the June quarter. I'm sorry.
Enrique Salem: I'm sorry. I misheard you. So, in the June quarter, I don't think I saw anything dramatically different in the area. We keep very close eyes on that and I think the overall thing that I did see was what I had mentioned on the new license, but maybe James you have other data?
James Beer: You saw obviously the year-over-year decline on a constant currency 14th week adjusted basis for Storage and Server Management group. A higher proportion of sales in that group tends to come right at quarter end.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities: And with regard to that you talked about shrinking duration. But you guys think you're seeing any deferral in front of the major upgrades that are coming in the second half to the storage business?
Enrique Salem: You know, Rob, the field hasn't commented on that. We're prepared for the Windows 7 migration. But, I don't expect that to start until potentially a few months after the initial release. What I'm hearing from a few customers is the concept that they may not wait for Service Pack 1 and given the work that we've done historically with our Altiris technology, I actually expect us to be able to be in a great position to help customers with that migration. Rob, I just want to go back on the first question you asked, just to make sure I'm clear is we're still saying that we're looking to drive 100 basis points of margin improvement on average over a five-year period, starting from this new reset point. And while this year, we're at the new levels that James described, that's our long-term goal.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Brent Thill with Citi.
Brent Thill - Citigroup: Hey, Enrique. Can you just comment on the international markets, obviously important stream of half your revenue. Do you see Europe bottoming out in the second half of this year? Do you still predicting a tough second half for Europe?
Enrique Salem: Yeah, I think when I look at it, you've got the - U.K. as a very financial services dominated market and so I think that that's going to continue to be a difficult market. I've also seen outside of Europe, seen some weakness in Japan. That market has been fairly sluggish and I don't know how quickly that's going to turn around. But, I think the U.K. definitely will continue to be financial service driven and that market is not as healthy as we've seen in the past. And I think, Germany also has struggled and we'll see how quickly that can turn around.
Brent Thill - Citigroup: Okay. As a quick follow-up on the maintenance renewals, I think you said they were still strong, that now considering the shorter duration, is there more strain, as you go back to the renewal that you're seeing on some of the new cycles or is there really nothing new on the maintenance renewal side?
Enrique Salem: No, I'm pleased with the strength of the maintenance renewals. I think the price points and the actual renewal rate has actually been where I would expect, and has not changed from what we saw 12 months ago or in the June quarter of the previous fiscal year. The specific issue is more on the duration of new contracts.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Adam Holt with Morgan Stanley.
Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley: Thank you. Two questions about the consumer business. It sounds like you had a improved performance in the quarter, net the difficult comparison in currency. When would you expect to start to see the impact to some of the recent investment on the OEM side? And then secondarily, does the more conservative operating margin guidance include more aggressive investments in OEM deals or is it principally due to the revenue production?
Enrique Salem: Yeah, I think let me comment on the first. I think that we continue to work on the improvements, Adam, in the consumer business. I mean I think that team is product side strong and you should expect to continue to see us improve, what I would call the overall performance of that business on the financial side. But it is very ratable. So, everything that we do in consumer takes obviously a little bit longer to materialize, but I'm pleased with that performance. I think your comment about operating margins, I think what we're planning for really is the current environment, what you saw in licenses. And we wanted to make sure that we took into account what we saw in the previous quarter.
James Beer: I just add to the first question, Adam, that the OEM arrangements that we've won in this past quarter that we noted and in the previous quarter as well, we have a very good batting average in the last couple of quarters in particular. They'll start to help us in the back half of this fiscal and then in the first half of the following fiscal year. So, the HP deal continues to perform well for us, obviously they've been taking share from Dell in recent times. And so we, continue to be pleased by the performance of that arrangement and that's been more of a driver of current performance.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Walter Pritchard with Cowen & Company.
Walter Pritchard - Cowen & Company: Hi, James. Just wanted to go back to the comment around the shorter term licenses driving part of the shortfall. I'm wondering first of all that was something that was seen both across security and storage or just security.
Enrique Salem: I would say it was a type of both of the businesses. So, we're seeing customers really taking the attitude that they'll spend on what they need for their more immediate needs. That's very much driven by budgetary constraints and those are impacting really all aspects of the IT department.
Walter Pritchard - Cowen & Company: Got you. And then just relative to the accounting treatment on those licenses, I mean, they sound a bit to me like term licenses given that customers are buying multi-years and that's their option. But, yet it sounds like you take that up-front. My impression was the vast majority of your license revenue is actually perpetual in nature. And I guess just trying to understand the accounting treatment and then how widespread this type of licensing is within the base year of your license revenue.
James Beer: You're right. We're generally talking about perpetual licenses. There are just in these smaller deals that Enrique has been referring to. They're just fewer of them, and so there's less take in period revenue. License commitments on a per user or a per server basis.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Aaron Schwartz with Ladenburg.
Aaron Schwartz - Ladenburg Thalmann: Good afternoon. I just wanted to substantiate the comments you made about the pipeline in the license outlook. As you start to convert that pipeline of revenue and as the revenue environment gets a little more favorable, should we expect your model to become increasingly ratable, if you have some success in bundling transactions?
James Beer: There may be some trend towards that but any movement there would be relatively gradual based upon the scale of our overall business.
Aaron Schwartz - Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay. And the second question I had was on the Altiris business, if you could just help us out in numbers of walking through the mechanics of that? Are most customers that have already purchased that current with the maintenance, so they wouldn't have to re-license the product around Windows 7 or does that have a lower maintenance attach-rate, where this would create a product cycle for you?
James Beer: As I look at it, I'm pretty sure that our maintenance agreements around Altiris are consistent with the rest of our business. And so, I don't think I see anything that would indicate that customers would not be on maintenance. Now, we shipped the Client Management Suite and Server Management Suite for Altiris at the end of the March quarter. And so, we're just at the very beginning of what I would call the upgrade cycle to the 7.0 product. The other comment that I made today is that we still got one more component, the suite to ship that will complete the Total Management Suite. And so, my expectation is that we're still just at the beginning of that upgrade cycle.
Aaron Schwartz - Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay. And that should accelerate with the Windows 7 release?
James Beer: I think that will motivate people to absolutely make sure that they're current and can use the new tools to do the migration.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Brian freed with Morgan Keegan.
Brian Freed - Morgan Keegan: Thanks for taking my call. You guys have talked a fair bit about growing the SMB side of things. Can you talk a little bit about the impact of both gross and operating margins from a shift more towards a channel centric model and kind of what are your targets for business direct versus indirect outside the consumer side of things.
James Beer: Well, the channel's always been a really important part of our overall distribution picture. And I would characterize what we're really speaking about here as getting back to the type of strength that we had in this domain 12, 18 months ago. So, I don't think that there will necessarily be a material shift around the margin profile of the business overall. I think we can do better in SMB now that we have our new product out there as Enrique said earlier generating very strong reviews, ease of installation is of particularly important aspect for small, medium size businesses, obviously. So, I think we've got some share to win back. We can do that with the new product that we have, and as we build that share, then clearly, that should help our margins to some degree. But, I think we're more returning to where we were in a competitiveness standpoint 18 months ago.
Brian Freed - Morgan Keegan: Okay. And do you have any specific targets for that mix over time?
James Beer: The mix between the direct and SMB?
Brian Freed - Morgan Keegan: Between direct and chance driven.
Enrique Salem: I think when you think about our business, at this point, my expectation is that we are going to see an increasing percentage of our business go through the channel. And that's my expectation, that's the message that we've communicated internally and externally to our partners. And the reason is that given the breadth of our portfolio and some of the things that we are doing at this point, I'm convinced that our partners become increasingly important and that means that we'll see more business going through our channel.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Turits with Raymond James.
Michael Turits - Raymond James: Hey guys two questions. One on revenue, one on cash flow. On the revenue side, I just wanted to take another shot at second derivative question. Since some other tech and software companies seem to be seeing an easing of the declines or slight improvement, and you didn't, it got worse this quarter. Is it clear that your worsening is from macro or do you think it is worse than a competitive situation?
Enrique Salem: I think from a competitive perspective, we're in a good position, I'm very pleased. As I speak with our team, I definitely get the sense that people are very confident in the portfolio. We are seeing license weakness as we've talked about, and it's really driven by the duration of what people are going to buy right now. So, I would say it's best product we've had in a long, long time. And you know, the stop buying storage campaign, which drives sales of our storage resource management tools is building a very good pipeline.
Michael Turits - Raymond James: And then, the question on cash flow, the maintenance is stronger than new license and deferred was actually pretty good this quarter. So, how should we think about what will happen with cash flow for the year? You would think that would look slightly better than what we would see on the income statement. I know you're going to have a higher cash tax rate, but ex that higher cash tax rate, can you give us any sense of direction on how cash flow might hold up last year to this year?
Enrique Salem: Well, clearly, the impact of lower license activity that we've been discussing thus far this afternoon, also feeds through into cash as well. Obviously, cash is always going to be lumpier from one quarter to another. But, as we were mentioning, customers are under their own budgetary constraints and they're buying more for their immediate needs, and so I think there will be a linkage between that thought and cash flow.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Daniel Ives with Freedman Billings Ramsey.
Daniel Ives - Freedman Billings Ramsey: Can you just speak to the second half. You talked about re-acceleration and growth. And just talk about what's your profile we've seen on the top, as well as on the margin, where is Symantec sequentially throughout the year.
James Beer: Sorry, I want to make sure I'm clear on the question. The profile.
Daniel Ives - Freedman Billings Ramsey: Yeah, just you talked about second half re-acceleration. So, how should we think about, it ramping after we get through next quarter?
James Beer: I think the way I look at it, and the way we've been thinking about it is we think that there is clearly - our business is seasonally driven into the December quarter and then we go into the March quarter which is our fiscal year end. And so, that's one of the things we're expecting. We're also expecting that the macro economic environment will still see a good year end budget flush, which we saw last year. So, I expect that to happen again.
Enrique Salem: Yeah, I would say that the March quarter is generally relatively flat versus the December quarter. It's the December quarter where we tend to see a more significant ramp up sequentially, both around top line revenue, around the margin generation capability, therefore as a company the two are clearly very much linked.
Daniel Ives - Freedman Billings Ramsey: And just to get margins?
Enrique Salem: So, again, margins, I would expect them to be building sequentially between the September and December quarter, and then March to December, much more of a flatter to down. In this last year, we saw down sequentially between December and March, and I wouldn't be surprised to see the same type of pattern this year.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird: Just like to ask about the information management business. First of all, how that performed relative to your expectation. And if that business was also impacted by the license duration phenomena that hit the storage business?
Enrique Salem: Yeah, I think when you look at our business, the position that we have in the information management back-up and recovery is continuing to do well for us. Customers are continuing to move to the disk-based capabilities, our pure disk offering is doing well. We're also seeing that deduplication is very top of mind for customers. The work that we've done to move it closer to what people are trying to back up, so closer to the source, I think is proving to get people very interested in that technology. Now, there is the exact same impact because people buy and customers buy the backup agents and they're buying backup agents for their various servers. And so that definitely has the same impact that we talked about on the storage side.
Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird: Great. And then just maybe lastly, a housekeeping question, James, do you know what the FX impact was on operating expenses year-over-year?
James Beer: Year-over-year? That would have been of the order of $50 million if I'm remembering that correctly. We can confirm that for you.
Helyn Corcos: Tom, we're ready for our last question.
Operator: Yes, madam. And that question comes from Tim Klasell with Thomas Weisel Partners.
Tim Klasell - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. First question has to do with just a housekeeping one. How did Backup Exec do during the quarter since it's a more of an SMB focused product?
Enrique Salem: I think that when you look at it across the geographies, I think it was consistent with the last quarter, what we've seen. And you know, my expectation is we're in an upgrade cycle for that product as we go into the integration of some of the archiving capabilities. But, I haven't seen anything that's concerning NBE.
Tim Klasell - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. Glad to hear the maintenance renewals remain strong but are you seeing customers want to see shorter payment periods, particularly for the large maintenance contracts. For the maintenance, or let's say a large net back-up, three-year maintenance contract. Are you seeing them wanting to pay on an annual basis or seeing any impact there?
Enrique Salem: Well, maintenance is usually paid for on an annual basis, anyway so nothing really has changed in that regard, and we've been very pleased really with our collection statistics of various credit profiles with our customers. Well, thanks, everybody for joining us on the call today. We've clearly laid the ground work to drive improved execution and we're going to continue to focus on tight expense management. We are excited about the new products that we'll be shipping later this year. And some of the improvements and some of the products specifically are the consumer 2010 products, Backup Exec 2010, NetBackup 7.0 and the Altiris Total Management Suite. I look forward to providing you another progress report next quarter. Thank you very much.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-05-06 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Helyn Corcos  Vice President, Investor Relations Enrique Salem - President and Chief Executive Officer James Beer - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs Heather Bellini - UBS Kash Rangan - Bank of America Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley Philip Winslow - Credit Suisse John Difucci - JP Morgan Daniel Ives  FBR Capital Markets Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities Brent Thill - Citi Investment Research Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank Walter Pritchard - Cowen & Company Tim Klassel - Thomas Weisel Partners Robert Breza - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good day and welcome to today's Symantec's fourth quarter 2009 conference call. Today's call is being recorded. And at this time I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Helyn Corcos, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Helyn Corcos: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our call to discuss fourth quarter and full year 2009 financial results. With me today are Enrique Salem, Symantec's President and Chief Executive Officer, and James Beer, Symantec's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. In a moment I will turn the call over to Enrique. He will start with a few comments about our quarterly activities and results, James will then provide financial and operational details, as well as review our guidance as outlined in the press release. Then Enrique will wrap it up with comments about our fiscal year 2010 focus areas. This will be followed by a question and answer session. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay on Symantec's Investor Relations Web site at symantec.com\invest. A copy of today's press release and supplemental information are available on our Web site and a copy of today's prepared remarks will be available on the Investor Relations Web site shortly after the call is completed. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that our June 2008 period results included 14 weeks of activity versus the normal 13 weeks that the June 2009 quarter will have. Id like to take a moment to review the specific financial details of the extra week.  Non-GAAP revenue for the June 2008 quarter included approximately $75.0 million of a one-time benefit and non-GAAP earnings per share included approximately $0.03 of a one-time benefit generated from the extra week.  Non-GAAP deferred revenue included a one-time negative impact of approximately $5.0 million from the extra week.  We will exclude the impact of the extra week when comparing our 2009 guidance and results to the June 2008 results.  Next, we will review our non-GAAP financial results focusing on constant currency growth rates unless otherwise stated. For the March 2009 quarter the actual weighted average exchange rate was $1.30 per Euro and the end of period rate was $1.34 per Euro, compared to our guided rate of $1.32 per Euro. For the March 2008 quarter, the actual weighted average rate was $1.50 per Euro and the end of period rate was $1.58 per Euro.  For revenue and operating expense purposes, current and comparative prior period results for entities reporting in currencies other than the U.S. dollar are converted into U.S. dollars at the actual exchange rates in effect during the respective periods.  For deferred revenue, results are converted into U.S. dollars at the actual exchange rate in effect at the end of the period. We have included a summary and reconciliation table of the year-over-year growth rates in our press release tables and in our supplemental information. Given the rapidly moving exchange rate environment, Id like to remind everyone to continue to apply the rules of thumb that we have provided as a guide to the impact of currency fluctuations on our financial metrics.  For every U.S. cent movement versus the Euro, revenue would be impacted by approximately $4.5 million and deferred revenue would be impacted by approximately $7.0 million.  In addition, for every $0.05 U.S. movement versus the Euro, non-GAAP earnings per share would be impacted by approximately $0.01.  It is important to note however, that these rules of thumb will move around based on the actual currency fluctuations and the mix of our revenues and expenses.  Moving on, some of the information discussed on this call, including our projections regarding revenue, operating results, deferred revenue, cash flow from operations, amortization of acquisition-related intangibles and stock-based compensation, for the coming quarter contain forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties can be found in the companys most recent periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Symantec assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.  In addition to reporting financial results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, Symantec reports non-GAAP financial results. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP results, which can be found in the press release and on our web site.  And now, I would like to introduce our new CEO, Mr. Enrique Salem. 
Enrique Salem: Good afternoon everyone. This quarter marks a solid close to fiscal year 2009. The breadth and depth of our portfolio contributed to the solid results despite the current macroeconomic environment and currency headwinds during the second half of the year. Results for the quarter were driven by strength in enterprise backup, storage management, data loss prevention and consumer.  Our strong non-GAAP earnings per share are a result of eliminating unnecessary costs and shifting our spending to areas with the greatest returns. We continue to generate substantial cash flow from operations and strong deferred revenue. Now, Id like to highlight a few key items of our fiscal fourth quarter. In our consumer segment, despite the declining PC units, we continued to strengthen our leadership position as highly publicized threats such as Conficker and Trojan.H have increased consumers awareness of the need for security software to protect their personal data.  We continue to expand our category leadership by bringing innovative products and services to market. In the March quarter, we shipped Norton 360 version 3.0 that has an ultra-light footprint and fast performance that is the hallmark of our 2009 product line.  Norton 360 has already won PC Magazine and Computer Shoppers Editors Choice Awards. Furthermore, Symantecs Norton line of products have received top scores from several of the industrys preeminent, independent testing bodies.  In the most recent review from AV-Comparatives, Symantec was the only vendor to be awarded top ratings in all three tested categories: detection; false positives; and performance .  Additionally, Symantec has received Virus Bulletins VB 100 Award forty-three consecutive times dating back to 1999. No other competitor has had our record. This record underscores Symantecs ability to provide the best protection against malware to our customers, something that no other competitor can match. Customer feedback has shown that satisfaction across all areas of the product experience are at an all time high, particularly in the area of performance. Despite the markets emphasis on our relationship with HP, HP represents only one of numerous OEM relationships we have around the world. We have meaningful relationships with HP, Dell, Acer, including Gateway and Packard Bell, Lenovo, Fujitsu, Toshiba, Asus, and Sony, among many others.  We continue to aggressively pursue valuable OEM deals, recently winning multiple competitive agreements. We will be shipping on Dells global small business line and also their gaming line. We are renewing our relationship with Lenovos ThinkPad brand and have also extended our agreement with Acer.  In the netbook segment our 2009 products continue to be an attractive choice. In addition to the Asus agreement announced last quarter, we signed contracts to ship NIS on Dell and HP Minis this quarter.  Although the price of PCs have steadily fallen over the past decade, security software prices have not. This is due to the fact that it not the cost of the underlying PC but the value of the information and content on the PC that matters. Norton Online Backup, which shipped during the quarter, is giving us additional and unique traction with OEMs. We have already signed an agreement to ship a 60-day trial of Norton Online Backup with Sony in Europe.  Norton Online Backup also creates a new opportunity to partner with ISPs. We have signed an agreement to provide backup for a major ISP in North America. We currently host over 30 petabytes of customers' data and have more than 7.0 million active customers. Thats 7 x more customers than our nearest competitor. Our Norton Online Backup product allows us to expand beyond traditional security and introduce more consumers to our trusted Norton brand.  Next, in our enterprise business, we are seeing the results from our solutions ability to simplify heterogeneous environments and reduce spend by commoditizing infrastructure. In our data center business, the March quarter saw the first results from our Stop Buying Storage! marketing campaign.  There are four key opportunities that our customers are benefiting from. Those are: one, storage resource management; two, thin provisioning; three, data de-duplication; and four, intelligent archiving. Our software enables customers to decrease their hardware spend by increasing utilization rates across multiple hardware platforms.  The strong sales momentum created by the Stop Buying Storage!' marketing campaign accelerated throughout the quarter, with the teams tracking over 250 specific new enterprise opportunities.  Additionally, we are extending our lead in thin provisioning by securing the commitments of the top storage array vendors to support our Storage Foundation Thin Provisioning APIs, including new solutions with Hitachi Data Systems and 3Par Data.  Our data center backup and de-duplication products posted strong year-over-year growth. NetBackup, the number one backup solution for the enterprise, continued its strong performance as the market moves to next generation data protection.  Our de-duplication product, Puredisk, in particular, performed well during the quarter. Puredisk can reduce total storage required for disk-based backups by over 50 x.  Earlier this week, we have started shipping Symantec Endpoint Protection Small Business Edition. We expect to improve performance in the mid-market through this product. Symantec Endpoint Protection Small Business Edition provides comprehensive protection with simple management capabilities and pre-configured settings that allow small businesses to get up and running quickly.  We are working with our partners to make sure that they are fully educated on the benefits of the new product. We believe that this release will enable Symantec Endpoint Protection to extend its success in the large enterprise to the SMB space.  Also, in our enterprise security products group, data loss prevention continued its fifth quarter of double-digit year-over-year revenue growth. Our customers tell us that our products are two years ahead of our competitors offerings. Studies have shown that in the market of uncertain job security, data loss prevention has become even more relevant for our customers. Additionally, we are now shipping the Altiris Client Management Suite 7.0 and Server Management Suite 7.0. Both management suites utilize workflow technology to provide the necessary automation and integration from a central location to help our customers reduce the time it takes to manage their assets, improve security and reduce operational costs. Both suites are built on the Symantec Management Platform which provides integration across Symantecs product portfolio and third-party solutions.  The workflow engine facilitates integration into the customers environment and enables our partners to sell more value-added services. Finally, this quarter, Dell began shipping every server with their next generation management console as a native solution that is built on Symantecs Management Platform. This presents an opportunity to upsell our new Altiris suite as well as many Symantec products that will simply snap in to the platform, including our Backup Exec Information Manager and our Backup Exec System Recovery.  Dell Management Console ships with every server Dell sells, further validating Symantecs strength of technology and architecture. Ill now turn the call over to James to provide you the financial details before I discuss my focus areas as I look forward to fiscal year 2010.
James Beer: The fourth quarter wrapped up a year in which we delivered record non-GAAP revenue of over $6.2 billion and record non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.57 cents. During fiscal year 2009, we grew earnings per share 24%, increased operating income by 19%, and expanded our non-GAAP operating margin by 360 basis points to 30.2%.  These results are reflective of the substantial progress we are making in our efforts to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of our cost structure. Our balance sheet continues to be strong, providing us with significant financial flexibility. We exited the March quarter with nearly $2.0 billion of cash on hand reflecting the fact that during the past six months, even during a challenging economic environment, we generated more than $1.0 billion of cash flow from operations. Now, let me get into the details of the fourth quarter. Symantec achieved GAAP revenue of $1.47 billion. Non-GAAP revenue grew 2% in constant currency terms versus the March 2008 period, to $1.49 billion. Its important to note that the U.S. dollar strengthened 13% against other currencies compared to the year ago period, reducing our international revenue as measured in U.S. dollars.  As a result, foreign currency movements negatively impacted non-GAAP revenue by 6 percentage points year-over-year. Had currency effects remained at our guided rate for the March quarter, revenue would have reached $1.495 billion, placing it within our guided range.  We generated a total of 369 transactions valued at more than $300,000 each and 85 transactions worth more than $1.0 million during the March quarter as customers adjusted their IT spending as a result of the challenging nature of the current macroeconomic environment.  While this was the primary reason for fewer large transactions versus last year and lighter than expected revenue in the quarter, we did see a greater proportion of our sales being recorded on the balance sheet rather than the income statement, reflecting the emphasis during the quarter towards customers renewing maintenance as opposed to buying new licenses.  Looking at our geographic results, international non-GAAP revenue of $747.0 million grew 3% in constant currency versus the year ago period, and accounted for 50% of total non-GAAP revenue.  Asia Pacific Japan was up 4% in constant currency while North America and EMEA grew 1% and 2% respectively, on a currency-adjusted basis.  Now, Id like to move on to our non-GAAP revenue by segment. The Consumer business generated revenue of $443.0 million, up 4% in constant currency, versus the March 2008 quarter.  Electronic distribution represented 80% of consumer revenue and grew 7% as compared to March 2008, driven primarily by strong activity from our subscription renewals, OEM partnerships and online channels.  Norton 360 accounted for 30% of consumer revenue and grew more than 65% versus the year-ago period.  The Storage and Server Management group generated revenue of $539.0 million, up 1% in constant currency, compared to the March 2008 results, driven by strong enterprise backup and storage management performance.  Were particularly pleased with the customer reaction to our sales campaign about Stop Buying Storage! It is generating significant business for us given that IT buyers are looking for a clear and quick return on new investments in this economic environment. Our Security and Compliance group generated revenue of $370.0 million. The segment declined 9% in constant currency terms. While our mid-market security business continued to be weak, we are encouraged by the release of our new endpoint products that targets this market sector.  Our data loss prevention solutions continue to be in high demand as companies address the increasingly important issue of confidential information being misused by employees.  Our Services group, which included a full quarter of MessageLabs results, generated revenue of $135.0 million, up 41% in constant currency year-over-year, and represented 9% of our total revenue. Turning now to margins, non-GAAP gross margin was 85.7% for the March 2009 quarter, in line with the year-ago quarter. Our continuing focus on cost management increased non-GAAP operating margins for the March quarter to 30.5%, up 270 basis points year-over-year.  We recorded a GAAP net loss of $249.0 million for the March 2009 quarter as a result of the finalization of the goodwill write down calculation that was previously estimated in our December quarter results. This drove a March quarter charge of approximately $400.0 million.  Non-GAAP net income was $318.0 million, up 3%, versus the March 2008 quarter. The March quarters fully diluted GAAP loss per share equated to $0.30. Non-GAAP fully diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.38, up 6% from the March 2008 quarter, and $0.03 above the high end of our guided range.  During the March quarter, we spent $100.0 million to repurchase 7.0 million shares at an average price of $13.84. In total, during fiscal year 2009, we returned $700.0 million to shareholders by repurchasing 42.0 million shares at an average price of $16.53.  Our net accounts receivable balance at the end of the March 2009 quarter was $837.0 million. Days sales outstanding, or DSO, was 51 days. Cash flow from operating activities for the March quarter was $607.0 million, primarily due to strong collections and expense controls.  We generated operating cash flow of approximately $1.67 billion for the fiscal year. GAAP deferred revenue at the end of March 2009 was approximately $3.06 billion. Non-GAAP deferred revenue reached $3.08 billion, up 6% in constant currency, as compared to March 2008. Foreign currency movements positively impacted non-GAAP deferred revenue versus our guidance. Had foreign exchange remained at the guided rate for the quarter, deferred revenue would have been lower at $3.07 billion, but at the upper end of our guided range.  Sequentially, deferred revenue grew by $119.0 million, or by 6% in constant currency. Our financial results will continue to benefit from our strong deferred revenue balance during fiscal year 2010.  Now, Id like to spend a few minutes discussing our guidance for the June 2009 quarter. As a reminder, the year ago June quarter included an extra week of activity which we will be stripping out of our comparative commentary as Helyn outlined during her introductory comments.  In addition, we are assuming an exchange rate of $1.30 per Euro for the June 2009 quarter versus the $1.56 per Euro we experienced during the June 2008 quarter, equivalent to a 17% currency headwind.  Our guidance also assumes a common stock equivalents total for the quarter of approximately 830.0 million shares and an effective tax rate of 30.5%.  For the June 2009 quarter, we expect GAAP revenue to be in the range of $1.44 to $1.50 billion.  Non-GAAP revenue is estimated to be in the range of $1.45 to $1.51 billion, compared to revenue of $1.58 billion after adjusting for the extra week during the June 2008 quarter.  At the midpoint of the guided range, we expect revenue growth of approximately 1% in constant currency terms. GAAP earnings per share are forecasted to be in the range of between $0.09 and $0.11.  The FASB Staff Position 14-1 change in accounting for convertible debt will increase our interest expense during fiscal year 2010 by a total of approximately $100.0 million, or by about $25.0 million per quarter. This accounting change does not affect cash flow. Given that this is a non-cash expense, we will be excluding it from our non-GAAP results.  Non-GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be between $0.34 and $0.36 as compared to $0.37 after adjusting for the benefit of the extra week in June 2008.  At the midpoint of the guided range we expect earnings per share growth of approximately 9% in constant currency. At the end of the June quarter we expect GAAP deferred revenue to be between $2.84 and $2.94 billion.  We expect non-GAAP deferred revenue to be between $2.85 billion and $2.95 billion as compared to $3.03 billion after adjusting for the negative impact of the extra week in June 2008.  At the midpoint of the guided range, we expect deferred revenue to decline 5% sequentially in constant currency, in line with historical seasonal patterns. We expect about 64%, or approximately $955.0 million, of our June quarter revenue to come from the balance sheet. In closing, the focus in FY2010 will be on balancing investment in key growth areas of the business with effective cost management in order to position the company for long-term success. And now, Ill turn it back to Enrique.
Enrique Salem: Now five weeks into my new leadership role, Id like to take a moment to discuss my plans for the new fiscal year.  Looking back during John Thompsons ten years as CEO, Symantec grew annual revenue to $6.0 billion. We remain focused on our vision to secure and manage the worlds information. However, I have a slightly different approach to managing the $6.0 billion business that I have inherited.  I plan to use the scale that John built and focus our investments to increase internal innovation, to improve quality, and further integrate our solutions. We will extend our market leadership position in security, backup, and storage management.  On the product side, I am pleased with our leadership and performance in our storage management and consumer businesses. For fiscal year 2010, I have established three key product focus areas for our team: first, responding to customer needs in enterprise security; second, capitalizing on the migration to next generation data protection; and third, offering our products through the software-as-a-service model.  In enterprise security, in addition to the Symantec Endpoint Protection Small Business Edition which allows us to better serve the mid-market, we are now shipping Symantec Protection Suites 3.0 in small business and enterprise editions.  The suite creates an endpoint and messaging environment that is secure against today's complex malware, data loss and spam threats, and is quickly recoverable in the event of a failure, thereby controlling costs and managing risk.  Moreover, the suites are easy to deploy and simple to use, saving customers time and costs associated with securing their IT environment. The most recent Conficker virus provides a perfect illustration of the core Symantec vision  the unification of security and management.  We can enable our customers to identify their systems that need to be patched, deliver the patches, update their SEP signatures, and validate that they are indeed secure using our compliance tools.  Additionally, we can manage the frequency of backups to protect critical data in times of high threat levels. We are the only vendor who can bring this complete offering to the market. Second, we will solidify our leadership in the data protection business as we transition and help our customers move to next generation technologies which include disk-based backup, virtualization support, continuous data protection, and de-duplication.  We expect to sell more of these next generation technologies as NetBackup 5.0 customers on maintenance continue to transition to NetBackup 6.5 which enables more disk-based options.  Additionally, in February, we announced that backup and archiving will be combined under the same management. NetBackup, Backup Exec, and Enterprise Vault are the clear market leaders in the enterprise and mid-market backup and the archiving market segments, respectively.  We will leverage our technology strength in backup and archiving to simplify administration and reduce costs for our customers. Our Backup Exec product will have built in de-duplication and archiving option powered by the Enterprise Vault technology, which is expected to ship later this year.  Software-as-a-Service is our third product focus area. We acquired MessageLabs, the leader in SaaS messaging security in November 2008. Our integration is going smoothly, and we plan to utilize our existing technology and the MessageLabs platform to create new SaaS and hybrid offerings to include archiving, DLP, backup, and many other services.  Our goal is to offer customers the flexibility to manage their business using online services, onsite software, or hybrid onsite and online solutions. This is especially attractive in the current macroeconomic environment as SaaS is a delivery method that enables many companies to improve IT spend.  In closing, I believe that we have the leading position in key markets, and customers see the value of our product portfolio and the benefits of our products and services.  In addition to our focus areas, we will not lose sight of improving execution in the forms of maintaining our leading market share, improving customer and partner loyalty, and becoming more operationally efficient. And with that, Ill turn the call back to Helyn so that she can take your questions.
Helyn Corcos: While Tom is polling for questions, Id like to update you on a few upcoming events. First, Symantec will be hosting our financial analyst day on June 11th in San Francisco. We encourage you to register for the event by May 22nd in order to capture the discounted hotel rate.  Second, we will be presenting at the JP Morgan conference on May 19th. And finally, we will be reporting our fiscal first quarter results on July 29th, 2009.  For a complete list of all of the investor-related events, please visit our events calendar on the Investor Relations Web site. We are ready for the first question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: If I could turn to the security and compliance division, clearly that looks a little weaker than the rest. Enrique, aside from mid-market weakness, what else might be going on in there and is there any concern on headcount reductions actually starting to weigh on things like end points, pricing, etc?
Enrique Salem: I think when I look at that segment I would say there's a couple of things going there. One, you mentioned mid-market, and we just shipped the new products on Monday, which I think will help us there.  I think the second area is we do have the currency headwind that Helyn outlined in the beginning but in the high end of the market, we are continuing to see the same close rate that we had seen in previous quarters and I do believe that the demand for DLP, which is continuing to show double-digit growth over the last five quarters, I expect that to continue because that's a product that our customers will continue to say is very important to what they're doing, even in this tougher economic environment. But I would highlight the currency headwinds and the mid-market as the two areas that I think have weighed on that segment.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: And James, just a follow-up on the margin side. Your guidance looks like you're assuming margins will contract sequentially and even year-over-year. What would be the key driver of that? Are there any incremental costs that happen in June that we should be thinking about or is that just trying to allow for currency and some conservatism?
James Beer: Obviously, year-over-year the cost base now includes the companies that we have acquired within the back half of the year, so Message Labs and PC Tools being the primary items there. So sequentially for June versus March we go back to our full accrual, if you will, on commissions so there's an implied increase in the forecast for that line versus what we experienced in the March quarter, in which we came in lighter than we had expected. So those are the primary drivers year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: So you're still thinking about a cost base that is being kept a tight rein on, given the headcount reduction and . . .
James Beer: Oh, I think these results are quite reflection of the progress that we're making on the cost side of the ledger and I'm very pleased by that and we're absolutely continuing our focus there, to be able to build margin points 360 points year-over-year. We're very pleased with that. That's really more than we had initially expected we would be able to achieve when we started out this journey in FY2009 and it's something that's just a part of the way we do business now at Symantec. I would not see us changing our emphasis here at all.
Operator: Your next question comes from Heather Bellini  UBS.
Heather Bellini - UBS: I was wondering if I could follow-up on Sarah's question about operating margins for a moment. She was talking about Q1. I'm kind of interested in full year, to the extent that you can share with us anything there, because in the past you did a great job expanding margin this year in fiscal 2009. You've been talking about 100 basis points a year. Given the currency headwind that you face, in particular in the first half of fiscal 2010 is that possible on a reported basis, is there anything you can tell us there? And then the other would be, just looking at gross margin, can you give us an idea of how should we thinking about gross margins trending over the course of fiscal 2010 as well.
James Beer: In terms of the operating margins goals, we are always talking about 100 basis points a year as being a long-term target, and clearly we over-performed that in fiscal 2009, which I think was very good, particularly given the constraints around the top line. Now we have also said that obviously, just mathematically, it is easier to expand operating margins in an environment where you have a robust top line, and in this macroeconomic environment that is going to be more of a challenge in any one particular year. The other thing I would say though, is something that Enrique was focusing on in his remarks in that we are really looking to try to find that right blend between investing in the areas of our business where we think we can generate real growth and at the same time keeping a very sharp focus on cost effectiveness and efficiency. So it will be a blend of those themes as we proceed through fiscal 2010 but we will be working hard on margins just as we did in this past year. As to gross margins, we have made some nice improvements there in the last couple of years as well and I wouldn't expect there to be any particular movements one way or another. The biggest drivers of gross margin for us are support costs and services cost.  And in the services arena we have made nice progress in terms of margins in the last two years. Obviously that rate of improvement becomes more difficult as the years go by.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kash Rangan - Bank of America.
Kash Rangan - Bank of America: One question for you, Enrique. On the storage side you indicated that the Stop Buying Storage! message was starting to resonate and produce results. So should we sort of infer that the trajectory that you started out with this quarter, that gets better? In other words, the growth rate could potentially improve as a result of that? Maybe you can talk to that. And also, James, a question for you. As Message Labs gets reported in the services line item, how does that change the margin profile of the services business going forward?
Enrique Salem: When you think about the Stop Buying Storage! marketing campaign, what's happening is customers are coming to us and saying they absolutely are trying to manage their capital expenditures and one of the best areas for them to target is the area of storage. And so I think what you can expect is our customers try to take advantage of some of the concepts like intelligent archiving and provisioning, storage resource management, and data de-duplication, that that will benefit the various lines because as you look at the functionality I just mentioned, some of that is delivered by our NetBackup tier disc capability, some of it is delivered by our enterprise product and so we see that the Stop Buying Storage! campaign will allow those products to continue to perform at their current levels, given this tougher environment.  And so I think that campaign is what's going to help us be able continue to drive the performance that we have seen over the last several quarters.
James Beer: And as to the impact of Message Labs on the services margins, I would expect them to improve the margins in that segment. You may recall, we have had a lot of focus in the last couple of years on improving margins in the services segment anyway. But Message Labs, as we increase scale there, which is obviously very much our intent, I think there will be the opportunity to expand its own operating margin. So I would look for a continuing improving trajectory of services margins.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley.
Adam Holt - Morgan Stanley: I had a couple of questions about the consumer business. I was hoping maybe you could talk about some of the key drivers of that business. Did 360 improve as a percentage of total bookings in the quarter, were average selling prices up in the quarter, and as you think about the next couple of quarters for the consumer business, you noted that the PC market had been weak, which it obviously was. Should we be thinking that a recovery in the PC market is key to getting growth in that business going forward or do you think that business will grow as you continue to expand some the OEM relationships and drive some of the new products.
Enrique Salem: When you look at Norton 360, we are definitely continuing to see the mix shift towards 360, and you know, we started out very quickly with 360 moving up but that has moderated a little bit because customers who are using Norton Internet Security are obviously very happy with that product and so while we continue to see the move towards 360, that mix rate has slowed down just a little bit. We do benefit from the higher price point of 360 over NIS.  Now to your question of the PC unit shipment, I think what we're doing is we're continuing to add other capabilities. I highlighted today that we have now started shipping Norton Online Backup and so even with the kind of slower number of PC units being shipped, I think we can maintain where we are today and even can see a positive, given that we are seeing the mix shift and the addition of the new offering. My sense, though, is the other thing that's benefitting us right now and just talking to our consumer team, is given the reception of the new products, meaning Norton Internet Security with the very fast performance and the great customer experience and now Norton 360 version 3, while we don't break out the renewal rates, we are seeing some improvement in renewals as a result of the great products that we have put into the marketplace.  And that is also helping us attract some of the new OEMs that I highlighted in the call because people are looking for that improved customer experience.
Operator: Your next question comes from Philip Winslow - Credit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Credit Suisse: I just wanted to touch on the storage business. When you look at just the way the economic impact is across your businesses, I wondered if you could comment on storage. [inaudible] segment, just curious what you're seeing there when you look across, particularly across your two main products, you know, at the high end of NetBackup and then Backup Exec.
Enrique Salem: We are seeing continued strength in both NetBackup and Storage Management. What's great is given that data volumes continue to grow at a very rapid rate, that's actually benefitting the NetBackup product line and we saw that perform very well through the entire fiscal year.  When we look at the Storage Management side, given the Stop Buying Storage! campaign, what we've actually seen is that product also continues to be a part of what customers are trying to do to improve storage utilization and basically help them get much better return on the storage they've already purchased. And so we do believe that both NetBackup and Storage Foundation, or Storage Management, will continue to do well.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Difucci - JP Morgan.
John Difucci - JP Morgan: The first question is for James and then one for Enrique. James, you said the focus by customers was to renew maintenance contracts here, but when I look at it, it looks to me as if maintenance declined both sequentially and year-over-year. And what I'm doing is I'm looking at your supplemental and you give content subscription and maintenance and I take out services, consumer, and then I add back the non-GAAP, which is maintenance. I'm just curious, I guess what would maintenance have done sequentially, excluding foreign exchange, or am I doing something wrong here?
James Beer: Well, what I would say, well, we can get into more of the specifics perhaps offline, but what I would say here is that clearly you saw the security and compliance part of the business was where we saw a currency adjusted decline, 9% or so. Now clearly, that's not helpful to the maintenance volume necessarily, quarter-to-quarter.  But stepping back from that, that's just one component of the enterprise business. I was very pleased with pricing around maintenance, and I was very pleased with renewal rates around maintenance. So those really are the important themes, whereas we did see absolutely less license, new sales, customers really pulling back from longer-term investments, if you will, in favor of the short-term needs.
John Difucci - JP Morgan: What is the renewal rate about, for you?
James Beer: We don't quote the renewal rates, either for the consumer business or the enterprise business, but we are very pleased with where they are.
Enrique Salem: We're not seeing any change in renewal rates, quite frankly. And one of the questions that Sarah asked right at the beginning was around specifically is the unemployment having an impact on our total units. And so we're not seeing a change in renewal rates or that the unemployment rate is having an impact on the business.
John Difucci - JP Morgan: And Enrique, a follow-up for you, when we look at these goodwill impairment breakdowns over the last couple of quarters, I'm just curious, is this going to have any influence on your acquisition strategy going forward? And I guess could you just state what your strategy is going to be?
Enrique Salem: I think if you look at it, I'm in no real rush to start doing acquisitions. Part of the focus that I've given the team, is you know, we have a tremendous engineering capability. I want to drive internal innovation.  Now that doesn't mean that we will not do acquisitions. That's one of the advantages of having the cash flow direction and balance sheet that we do. But I'm going to stay focused inside the markets that we are in. I mean, we clearly have a big position in security, I want to look at opportunities to strengthen our position there.  I want to look for opportunities in some of the next generation data protection, I want to look for opportunities in what we're doing around data categorization, and so as I look at the acquisition strategy, I'm in no rush to go do a lot of acquisitions. There may be some small things that strengthen our position in a few of those markets. And then longer term I'll look for what makes sense as far as continuing to drive growth into the company. But right now, we can afford to be patient.
John Difucci - JP Morgan: Just one follow-up to that. Veritas, when it was independent, had a big push into what it called utility computing and now people are talking about it as if itthey are calling it cloud computing today. And they bought Adjacent and Jeriva and there seems to be a big push internally and we just don't hear about it as much anymore. Is that still a meaningful effort within Symantec or is that something that has sort of gone a little sideways?
Enrique Salem: I would say that the focus areas are software-as-a-service and not necessarilywhat historically utility computing, which is maybe morphed in title, what we would do is we would see some of core Veritas products, board foundation, our new clustering VCS1 technology, as helping kind of build the infrastructure for utility computing and then we see delivering on top of that infrastructure our software-as-a-service capability. And so from our perspective the priorities and investment area is our security, next-generation data protection, and software-as-a-service.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Ives  FBR Capital Markets.
Daniel Ives  FBR Capital Markets: Could you talk about the linearity in the quarter and maybe talk about what trends you're seeing in the month of April?
Enrique Salem: I think when you look at linearity, and we track close rates, we did some analysis on that and what we're seeing is consistency in the close rates, nothing new from a linearity perspective. On the enterprise business, on large enterprise business, it still tends to be a good percentage of the business comes in the last two weeks of the quarter. In our mid-market business it's steadier throughout the quarter. Our consumer business obviously, both a bookings and revenue recognition basis, is fairly consistent across the entire quarter. So we didn't see any real changes in the March quarter and we haven't seen anything so far in the June quarter. It just continues to be pretty consistent along the percentages. And we just finished the month of April and from the analysis James and I, it seems to be on track, similar to what we've seen in previous Aprils.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities: Following on Daniels' question, with linearity on track, can you talk about where the surprises in the quarter that drove FX-adjusted revenue to the low end of guidance. Was it more of the maintenance rather than license or was there something else in there?
Enrique Salem: You're on track there because what we saw was a couple of things. Historically, in our business, we have seen longer-term deals, we've seen terms that are three-year deals and we saw that become folks buying what they need for the current year or the next 12 months, not necessarily pre-buying for years two and three. So I think that's one thing that we saw. And I do think that when you look at the overall business, I think given that we've now shipped the new mid-market product, I think that will definitely help because that's been an area we've been successful. With the large enterprise we have gotten a number of competitive wins but we have not had the same success in the mid-market.  So the combination of shorter terms and I think we have continued to see, without having the new Symantec EndPoint Protection and the new suites, we haven't gotten the results that I would have liked in the mid-market. But I expect that to change now that we are with the new products.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities: And the follow-on to that, so now that you are shipping the new mid-market product and the Protection Suite 3.0, when should that either stabilize the security business or once again grow the security business?
Enrique Salem: My expectation is we are ramping up our partners right now and so the partners are starting to understand the capabilities of the product, the simplicity of it. And my sense is, that given it shipped on Monday of this week, I would expect that you will start seeing the results from that capability probably in the September quarter. I will have a full quarter of having been in the channel. Because if we are putting it out at the beginning of this week, you probably want get it into the channel for the next several weeks.
James Beer: And just a follow-up on the first part of Enrique's answer, obviously we were pleased to be able to exceed, on an FX-adjusted basis even, the consensus estimate for deferred revenue, while we came in light on revenue versus consensus. So that's very much reinforcing this notion of more on the activity going to the balance sheet this quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brent Thill - Citi Investment Research.
Brent Thill - Citi Investment Research: Enrique, your operating margin performance has really outpaced the top line performance at the high level. Do you feel like you're re-shifting your focus back on top line growth and you'd rather trade off lower operating margins, or less operating margin expansion, to get that revenue growth coming back over the next couple of years?
Enrique Salem: When I think about it, James commented earlier, you know, our long-term goal is to drive 100 basis points of margin improvement. And we still see an opportunity to stay on track to do that. I think that this year, as I look at the combination of some of the investments that we need to make around the opportunities in consumer, security, in the enterprise, FAS, software-as-a-service, and also our next-generation data protection as customers move from a tape to disc-based backup, I think it's going to be important that we put some investments in those areas. I do continue to believe, though, that there are always opportunities for us to continue to manage our cost structure and so I think it will be a combination of yes, we will move dollars to the areas I just mentioned, but we will also continue to look for opportunities to reduce costs in other areas.  So I don't want to back off in any way from our long-term goal of 100 basis points of margin improvement.
Brent Thill - Citi Investment Research: We've seen other software companies achieve pretty good success with this suite-based approach. Can you just walk through what you're hoping to achieve and have you had history doing this historically or do you consider a brand new initiative?
Enrique Salem: The way I look at is historically we've been shipping a suite but I would call it a suite on malware protection. So we would ship EndPoint Security, mail-based, you know the mail server security, the gateway security, and what we're doing now is we're adding the other applications that we have. So we've had market leading e-mail security for anti-spam protection. We acquired a small company called MI5 that adds to our Web security capability.  And so what we're doing is in an effort to serve the mid-market and the SMB segments better, we believe that bringing these products together in an integrated suite, we are extending the suites we had previously, is the right way to go. So the suites are new from a capability perspective but we've been delivering a suite that was focused on one particular type of product line. So from our perspective, it's going to be something that allows us just to go right back into our channel partners and go leverage our field organization just to have a new set of capabilities that I will have a positive impact on our security business. And I expect to start seeing that, as I mentioned, in the September quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank: I just wanted to dig in on the consumer business a little bit further. Can you give us any sense, I know you talked about the new OEM partnerships coming on stream, but can you give us any sense in terms of where you think you stand on OEM boxes going out the door today versus a year ago? And can you also walk us through what happens to an OEM relationship when it does not renew? What happens to that legacy customer base from an economic perspective?
Enrique Salem: Let me take the second part first. Every relationship is structured differently, and so it depends on what we are doing. So for example, some of our agreements are what I would call a placement fee and then we get everything into the future. Some deals are structured as rev shares and they have tails post-termination. So it really depends on the overall structure of that OEM agreement. Now to your first question, we are absolutelyyou heard what we just talked about, we won a number of OEM deals in the last quarter. I mean, working with the ThinkPad brand, working with some extensions with Dell around SMB and their gaming platforms and so we definitely see that the numbers of units in the OEM market that we are associated with is definitely up. The other thing that I commented on, which I think is important, we were already on the Asus netbook and then we're now on both the Dell and HP Minis. And so we feel that on an overall basis the numbers of units shipping with our product is moving up right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Walter Pritchard - Cowen & Company.
Walter Pritchard - Cowen & Company: First, James, just on the segments it looked like R&D was a bit above and sales and marketing was a bit below in terms of where we were thinking expenses would come in. Just wondering with Enrique talking about a little more focus on organic development, should we expect that this level of R&D spending is somewhat of a baseline going forward?
James Beer: Well, as he mentioned earlier, we'll absolutely be targeting specific spend into some specific areas of R&D, in line with those priorities that he was laying out. But at the same time we are working hard to make more efficient the other elements of the R&D cost base. So it will be a mixture of those two themes going forward here.
Walter Pritchard - Cowen & Company: And Enrique, you talked about a few focus areas, mostly on the product side. I'm wondering if that has any bearing on the go-to-market strategy and if there is any meaningful change as you go into fiscal 2010 here given that you sharpened some of the focus on the product side?
Enrique Salem: I think when I look at the go-to-market side one of the things that I'm most pleased with right now is I have been spending a lot of time with our channel partners and what I see is there is a lot of enthusiasm for the new work flow technology that we shipped with our Altiris Client Management and Server Management suites.  What it's enabling our partners to do is create their own intellectual property that they can then take back into their customer base. And the reason that is important for them is because they are really being able to price the "V" in value to our customers using the work flow technology. That I think is going to be meaningful, because as you know, given our renewed push in security and the efforts in the mid-market, partners are critical. And so I think the effect of the suites and the work flow technology will bring a lot of partners or bring a lot of enthusiasm for our partner community. At least that's the feedback that I'm getting right now. From an overall go-to-market, you know we are continuing to push our leadership around security and next-generation data protection so you can expect to see marketing pushing those campaigns, Stop Buying Storage! campaign, and we've also made some adjustments on the comp plan but overall it's pretty consistent year-to-year, with a little bit more emphasis on security as we go into fiscal year 2010.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Klassel - Thomas Weisel Partners.
Tim Klassel - Thomas Weisel Partners: Could you give us an idea of the impact you're having with the PC Tools acquisition and you know, that was a new segment of the market that you were going after. What's been the success there today?
Enrique Salem: What we're seeing with PC Tools is, you've got it exactly right, we're going after a couple of different target markets. One is a different segment so a more price-sensitive buyer, and two is emerging markets where quite frankly, they're looking for, probably again, more price-sensitive.  We are pleased with the integration. That's been completed successfully. The leadership team, we've got a leader who is running that, somebody who has been a long-time Symantec employee, and I am pleased with the progress we've made. I expect to see that business continue to expand because there's a number of segments that I believe are price sensitive that we haven't yet tapped into and so I believe at this point that we've just started to see the initial possibilities of PC Tools and I think the dual-brand strategy is absolutely going to serve us well, especially when we think about markets like Asia, the market in China. And so from my perspective, that strategy is on track and I expect to see it perform even better as we go into fiscal 2010.
Operator: Your final question comes from Robert Breza - RBC Capital Markets.
Robert Breza - RBC Capital Markets: Enrique, in your comments you talked about netbook and the fact that it's more about the value of the information. I was wondering if you could tell us or help us understand quantitatively what you're seeing. Are you seeing the OEM adoption rates stay the same on netbooks? Or what gives you that confidence that netbooks won't hurt the consumer side?
Enrique Salem: Asus was the first one that we shipped. We are getting right now to the end of the trial period so we are starting to get a little bit of data and what we're doing is we're comparing the data that we get on the netbook or Mini lines, to the underlying adoption of the software for their non-netbook lines. And we don't have enough data yet to give you a conclusive answer but what I have seen is that absolutely prices in hardware have been dropping for the last ten years. And prices of our software, quite frankly, have increased over the last ten years, or at least over the last couple of years. We have been able to move people to Norton 360. So I think that clearly highlights the point that it's not the price of the hardware that matters, it's what you're doing. And when I talk to a lot of the manufacturers and they talk about the user scenarios, you know, kids potentially them to go online, people are very concerned about what the online usage is going to look like. And I think Norton Internet Security and Norton 360 will absolutely continue to do well in that lineup of netbooks and Minis.
Operator: That does conclude the Q&A session. At this time I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Salem for closing remarks.
Enrique Salem: Well, thanks for attending today's earnings call. I'm excited about the opportunity to lead Symantec and moving forward our focus is on investments that will extend our leadership, improve product quality, and integrate our solutions to help customers secure and manage their information.  As we continue to focus I want to make sure that we improve execution and drive operational efficiencies as many of you have commented, and I definitely look forward to spending time with you over the next couple of weeks and look forward to seeing you at our analyst day in June.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-01-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Helyn Corcos  Vice President, Investor Relations John Thompson  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James Beer  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Enrique Salem  Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs Adam Holt - J. P. Morgan Brent Thill - Citigroup John DiFucci  J. P. Morgan Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse Heather Bellini - UBS [Unidentified Analyst] - Pacific Crest Securities Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank Walter Pritchard  Cowen & Company Daniel Ives - Friedman Billings Ramsey Matt Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets Katherine Egbert - Jefferies & Company
Operator:  Good day and welcome to Symantec's third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Helyn Corcos, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Helyn Corcos:  Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you for joining our fiscal third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. With me today are John Thompson, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Symantec, Enrique Salem, Chief Operating Officer, and James Beer, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  In a moment I will turn the call over to John, who will provide high level comments on the company, James will review the financials and our guidance as outlined in the press release, and Enrique will wrap it up with quarterly highlights. This will followed by a question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay on Symantec's Investor Relations homepage. A copy of today's press release and supplemental financial information are available on our website and a copy of today's prepared comments will be available on the Investor Relations website shortly after the call is completed. Before we begin I would like to remind everyone that some of the information discussed on this call, including our projections regarding revenue, operating results, deferred revenue, cash flow from operations, amortization of acquisition-related intangibles, and share-based compensation for the coming quarter contain forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks and uncertainties and may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties can be found in the company's most recent periodic report filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Symantec assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. In addition to reporting financial results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals or GAAP, Symantec reports non-GAAP financial results. Investors are encouraged to revenue the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP results, which can be found in the press release and on our website.  Now I would like to introduce our CEO, John Thompson.
John Thompson:  Thank you, Helyn, and good afternoon, everyone.  We're pleased to report stronger than expected December quarter results against the backdrop of a challenging global economy. More importantly, I'm quite pleased that our financials are reflecting our team's commitment to improving our execution. Solid sales activity, coupled with our ongoing focus on managing our cost structure, drove the over performance for the quarter.  We were able to deliver revenue above our forecast despite our customers' continued scrutiny of their IT budgets. Customers tell us that they will allocate funds to areas of storage optimization, data loss prevention, and enterprise security. Furthermore, their attention is turned to initiatives that will drive immediate cost savings rather than longer-term investment programs. I'm pleased that our sales force has been able to successfully illustrate the positive impact our solutions can have on our customers' operating cost.  Our enterprise business benefits from a large recurring revenue base, particularly in the Storage segment, where more than half of our revenue comes from maintenance contracts. In our Consumer segment we were able to leverage our existing customer base, a very strong customer base, to continue the migration to Norton 360. In addition, our recent acquisitions of PC Tools and SwapDrive are important elements of our strategy to expand into emerging geographic markets and the online backup segment. Our higher-than-expected non-GAAP earnings this quarter are the result of our very effective cost management programs. The combination of our top line growth, our cost and expense management programs, and our ongoing share repurchases has enabled us to achieve seven consecutive quarters of double-digit earnings growth. Looking forward to our March quarter - the final quarter of our fiscal year - we expect the market environment to remain challenging; however, we're confident in the competitiveness of our products and services and the determination of our team. We will maintain our focus on execution, striking the right balance between achieving efficiency and sustaining strong business performance without compromising our ability to serve our customers. In an environment where revenue growth may be the greatest uncertainty, our goal is to grow our earnings and emerge from the economic downturn a stronger company, positioned for ever-greater success in the next economic cycle. With that, I'll turn the call over to James for financial details.
James Beer :  Thank you, John, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased that our company wide focus on execution drove over performance in each of our key financial metrics during the December quarter. In particular, our ongoing focus on managing costs has resulted in significant operating margin expansion and earnings growth.  I'll start by reviewing the financial details of the December 2008 quarter. GAAP revenue was $1.51 billion. Non-GAAP revenue grew 1% over the December 2007 period to $1.54 billion, driven by growth in our Consumer, Storage, Data Loss Prevention and Services businesses. Foreign currency movement negatively impacted non-GAAP revenue by approximately 4 percentage points year-over-year. Had the quarter's exchange rates equaled our guided value of $1.25 per euro rather than the actual weighted average rate of $1.32 per euro, our non-GAAP revenue would have totaled $1.505 billion, still above the top end of our guided range. The December quarter's fully diluted GAAP loss per share is due to a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of approximately $7 billion. During the December quarter, given the current economic environment and the resulting decline in our market capitalization, we concluded that there were sufficient indicators to require us to perform an interim goodwill impairment analysis. We have not completed this analysis, but have concluded that an impairment loss can be reasonably estimated. We expect to finalize our goodwill impairment analysis during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009 and may make an adjustment to this charge when the goodwill impairment test is completed. Non-GAAP fully diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.42, up 27% year-over-year. Compared to the high end of our guidance, we over performed by $0.09. $0.02 of the $0.09 were driven by one-time tax and hedging gains, while a further $0.005 improvement was as a result of a lower share count than previously expected. The majority of the remaining $0.065 over performance was driven by expense management. The U.S. region grew non-GAAP revenue by 7% to total $767 million, equivalent to 50% of total non-GAAP revenue. International non-GAAP revenue of $771 million declined by 5% versus the year ago period. Foreign currency movements negatively impacted international nonGAAP revenue by approximately 7 percentage points year-over-year.  Moving on to our non-GAAP revenue by segment, the Consumer business generated revenue of $448 million, equivalent to 29% of total revenue and grew 2% year-over-year. In the enterprise arena, the Storage and Server Management segment generated revenue of $569 million, up 1% year-over-year and represented 37% of total revenue. Our Security and Compliance segment generated revenue of $396 million, down 5% versus the year ago period. This segment accounted for 26% of total revenue. Our Services segment generated revenue of $125 million, up 20% year-over-year, representing 8% of total revenue. Our continued focus on improving the cost efficiency of our Services operations continues to result in significant contribution margin improvements year-over-year. Non-GAAP gross margin increased 40 basis points to 86.6% for the December 2008 quarter as compared to 86.2% for the year ago period. Our continued focus on cost management as well as our over performance on the top line increased non-GAAP operating margins during December 2008 quarter to 32%, up 480 basis points year-over-year. This is the fifth consecutive quarter in which operating margins have increased versus the prior year.  The GAAP net loss for the December 2008 quarter was $6.8 billion due to the non-cash goodwill impairment charge. Non-GAAP net income was $350 million, up 20% year-over-year. We exited December with a cash and short-term investments balance of $1.5 billion. During the December quarter we repurchased $200 million or 16.1 million shares at an average price of $12.45. $400 million remains in the Board authorized share repurchase plan. We also spent $239 million on the purchase of PC Tools and $619 million on the MessageLabs acquisition during the quarter, for a total of $858 million.  Our net accounts receivable balance at the end of the December 2008 quarter was $927 million. Days sales outstanding or DSO was 55 days, in line with normal seasonal trends. Cash flow from operating activities for the December quarter totaled $402 million as compared to $462 million in the December 2007 quarter.  GAAP deferred revenue at the end of the December 2008 quarter was $2.92 billion. Non-GAAP deferred revenue grew 2% year-over-year to $2.96 billion. Foreign currency movements negatively impacted non-GAAP deferred revenue by 2 percentage points year-over-year. Had the end of period exchange rate equaled our $1.25 per euro guided rate versus the actual rate of $1.39 per euro, deferred revenue would have totaled $2.86 billion, again, above the top end of our guided range. Now I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing our expectations for the March quarter. We are assuming an exchange rate of $1.32 per euro for the March 2009 quarter versus the $1.50 per euro we experienced during the March 2008 quarter. Given the rapidly moving exchange rate environment, I'd like to remind everyone to continue to apply the rules of thumb that we provided last quarter as a guide to the impact of currency movements on our financial metrics.  Our guidance also assumes a common stock equivalents total for the quarter of approximately 830 million shares. For the March 2009 quarter we expect GAAP revenue to be in the range of $1.475 to $1.525 billion. Non-GAAP revenue is estimated to be in the range of $1.49 to $1.54 billion. In constant currency terms, the midpoint of this range would equate to $1.60 billion as compared to the $1.548 billion we generated in the March 2008 quarter. GAAP earnings per share are forecasted to be in the range of between $0.12 and $0.14. Non-GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be in the range of between $0.33 and $0.35. In constant currency terms, the midpoint of this range would equate to $0.35 as compared to the $0.36 result in the year ago period.  The March quarter guidance includes a full quarter's impact of MessageLabs for the first time and is consistent with the comments we made in October regarding the dilutive impact of this transaction for the remainder of this fiscal year.  At the end of the March quarter we expect GAAP deferred revenue to be between $2.972 and $3.072 billion. We expect non-GAAP deferred revenue to be between $3.0 and $3.1 billion. The exchange rate at the end of the March 2008 quarter was $1.58 per euro. In constant currency terms, the midpoint of this range would equate to $3.23 billion as compared to $3.09 billion at the end of March 2008. We expect about [61%] or approximately $930 million of our March quarter revenue to come from the balance sheet. This percentage once again illustrates the degree of predictability that we have built into our income statement during the last few years.  Lastly, I would like to remind everyone that the upcoming June 2009 quarter will be comprised of 13 weeks versus the June 2008 quarter, which included an extra 14th week. Let me briefly review the impact of the extra week on our financials this past year: Our June 2008 quarter revenue included approximately $75 million and earnings per share included approximately $0.03 of one-time generated from the extra week. Deferred revenue was negatively impacted by approximately $5 million as a result of the extra week. The June 2008 quarter also benefited from significant currency tailwinds. We expect normal seasonality for the June 2009 quarter which typically includes sequential declines in revenue, earnings per share and deferred revenue from the March quarter. We encourage analysts to consider these factors when modeling the upcoming June quarter.  In closing, I believe we are well positioned to deal with the current macroeconomic environment. We will stay focused on our costs and earnings, but we'll also capitalize on opportunities to boost our long-term competitiveness and top line growth rate.  And now I'll turn the call over to Enrique, who will provide more detail on the December quarter highlights.
Enrique Salem:  Thanks, James, and good afternoon, everyone.  I'm pleased with the execution of both our sales and our product teams during the quarter. While the environment continues to be challenging, we believe the mission critical nature of our products, combined with the compelling ROIs delivered by many of our solutions, positions us well in this environment. We are continuing to drive many new license sales and our customers are renewing at a high rate across both our Storage and Security business. Now I'd like to highlight a few key items of our fiscal third quarter.  Starting with our data center business, a key factor driving our Storage and Server Management results over the past four quarters has been our ability to enable clients to quickly reduce IT spending, particularly storage spending. In this economic climate, customers are looking for solutions that can deliver cost savings within an operating budget cycle. As such, we initiated a new selling campaign built around the theme of stop buying storage. Customers using our solutions can reduce storage costs by better utilizing existing storage and by buying lower cost storage. Our data center backup and de-duplication products posted strong year-over-year revenue growth. The transition of net backup to a platform-based architecture has enabled our customers to take advantage of best of breed features such as disk-based backup, virtualization, continuous data protection, and de-duplication.  In the small-medium business segment, our strategic partnership with Dell in the backup area is off to a good start. The Dell-based disk arrays that are preinstalled with Backup Exec 12.5 is outselling a similar appliance shipping with our competitor's technology by 3 to 1.  Next, Vontu just celebrated its one-year anniversary at Symantec. I am pleased with how well this integration has gone. The DLP team has been very successful in leveraging the broader Symantec direct sales force and channel presence and has expanded the business globally. The team also made significant progress in integrating the DLP product with the broader Symantec portfolio. DLP 9 is now fully integrated with our end point management solution leveraging Symantec's open collaborative architecture.  The revenue from our DLP business continues to show strong growth. We signed deals with some of the largest global enterprises, spanning many different industry verticals.  For example, our complete Symantec Data Loss Prevention suite was licensed by Continental Airlines to protect credit card numbers, personally identifiable information, and other sensitive content. The airline chose to implement our DLP solution to ensure compliance with various state data privacy laws and to help maintain PCI compliance. The customer selected our DLP solution for its best in class features and for its mature reporting and workflow capabilities. In addition, Continental also decided to standardize on Symantec Endpoint Protection and Symantec Endpoint Encryption for mobile devices.  Symantec Endpoint Protection garnered several competitive wins in the large enterprise segment. The performance improvements made in the recent maintenance releases have been well received by both our customers and our partners.  Now I'd like to take a few minutes to talk about our market leading Consumer business, which clearly generates the most profits in the consumer security market. Our stellar 2009 products and associated accolades are allowing us to replace the competition and increase our presence in both the retail and electronic channels. We continue to aggressively pursue OEM relationships for customers who benefit from the ever-increasing value of our premium security software. Symantec signed or extended or renewed more than 20 new customer agreements in the December quarter. The notebook market is an exciting new opportunity for us. We are working with a number of providers in this fast-growing market, including Asus, the number one vender in the ultra low-cost PC segment. We recently signed a multiyear deal to ship a 60-day trial of NIS on Asus laptops and desktops worldwide. In addition, we signed new contracts with United Online and Fujitsu. We also won a deal with a leading PC OEM to ship NIS on their gaming platform, and we are pursuing other new OEM opportunities, particularly with our online backup offering. In the emerging markets, we are expanding our portfolio to derive growth from new markets by leveraging our recently acquired PC Tools brand and it's online go-to-market channel. PC Tools just completed its first full quarter as part of our company, and we're pleased with their ability to reach new customers. PC Tools allows us to seed emerging markets and new consumer segments with less expensive point products while protecting our premium Norton brand. We're also now shipping Norton Internet Security for the Mac. Even Mac owners are susceptible to online threats, and when it comes to pfishing, it doesn't matter what platform you're using. NIS for Mac helps safeguard users from pfishing threats, malware, and hackers without compromising system performance. As we look ahead, we're excited about the upcoming product cycles in both our Enterprise and Consumer segments. In the Enterprise segment we're shipping new versions of Enterprise Vault and Control Compliance Suite. Later this quarter we expect to ship the next version of our Altiris Management products. In Consumer we have several exciting new product launches which will benefit our existing user base as well as attract new customers. The new release of our industry leading all-in-one security suite, Norton 360, will include all the performance and security enhancements of our award-winning 2009 products. We will also be introducing the web-based Norton online backup in February.  Driven by our acquisition of SwapDrive last June, we are providing online backup to customers. We have 6.5 times more customers than our nearest competitor. Today we host 26 petabytes of data and with 2.5 million backups per day, we are the clear leader in the online backup market. Our online backup offering is particularly valuable for netbook users who want to access their data from multiple devices and who tend to have limited local storage for their high volumes of photos, music and videos. Going forward, I've established three key focus areas for our team - first is enterprise security, given the importance our customers place in protecting their critical information; second, we will solidify our leadership in the transition to next generation data protection, including disk-based backup, virtualization support, continuous data protection, and de-duplication; and finally, we will scale our software as a service business to include archiving, DLP, backup and many other services. In closing, we have a broad set of products and services that customers continue to value and we are very excited about our new product pipeline. We will continue to focus on execution, invest in growth opportunities and drive earnings growth in order to emerge from the economic downturn as a stronger company. And with that, I'll turn the call back to Helyn so she can take your questions.
Helyn Corcos: Thanks, Enrique. Tom, will you please begin polling for questions?  
Operator:  Yes, ma'am. (Operator Instructions)
Helyn Corcos: While Tom is polling for questions, I'd like to update you on four upcoming events.  First, Symantec will be hosting our financial analysts day on June 11th in San Francisco, so please mark your calendars.  Second, we encourage you to attend Managed Fusion, our annual customer conference during the week of March 9th in Las Vegas.  Third, we'll be presenting at three financial analyst conferences this quarter. And fourth, we will be reporting our fiscal fourth quarter and fiscal year end 2009 results on May 6th. For a complete list of all our investor-related events, please visit the Events Calendar on the IR website. Tom, we're ready for our first question.
Operator: Your first question comes from Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs :  James, just on the margin side, on the guidance for the fourth quarter, it seems low, and I know you're incorporating MessageLabs there, but excluding the dilution from MessageLabs, is your assumption that the margins on the core business stay flat or decline into the fourth quarter and why would they decline?
James Beer:  Well, what we have tried to do on all of these guided figures is adjust for currency and so I made the comment that the midpoint of our guidance would equate to $0.35 versus the $0.36 that we recorded in the March quarter of last year. Now, as you point out, we are going to be experiencing some dilution associated with the MessageLabs acquisition. When we entered into that deal we pointed out that we were going to have $0.02 dilution for the balance of the fiscal year, with the significant majority of that coming in the March quarter.  So when you make that adjustment as well, our midpoint guided EPS would be actually coming in in advance of what we recorded last year.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs : Sure, but sequentially - 
James Beer: [Inaudible] gives you a sense as to how we're thinking generally about the business.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs : But I guess the question was a little bit more sequentially. You just put up those great operating margins in December and you've been on this very nice ramp to improve margin. Why then the downtick sequentially, I guess?
James Beer: Well, there are clearly a variety of different factors that will drive this. At the start of any calendar year, there will be some costs that kick in again. So, for example, the 401(k) match begins again. Payroll taxes begin again. So you would naturally see a cost increment in the March quarter over a December quarter typically. Now, that said, of course we continue our focus on all elements of the cost structure and we certainly won't be changing that perspective in the March quarter, so we'll be going in a very focused way in that regard.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs : And I would assume there's still some uptick coming from some of the [inaudible] that you did towards the end of - 
James Beer: Well, that's right because, as you well know, in certain parts of the world it takes quite awhile to actually sort through the mechanics of this sort of an action, and so I would expect there to be some of those benefits coming through in the March quarter for the first time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Holt - J. P. Morgan.
Adam Holt - J. P. Morgan:  I had a couple of questions about the Consumer business. Could you give us the detail on where 360 was in terms of the percentage of bookings as well as the percentage of revenue in the Consumer business?  Secondly, maybe talk a little bit about how you think that the changing momentum in the PC market potentially impacts your Consumer business.  And then just lastly, you talked a little bit about the opportunities to expand distribution for 360 at the OEMs. Could you maybe drill down on that a little bit, what specifically you're discussing? 
Enrique Salem: Sure, Adam. If you look at it right now, Norton 360 for the quarter was about 25% of the Consumer revenue.  When you look at the opportunity for us with Norton 360, with Norton Internet Security, I think you start with just the tremendous awards that we've received. I mean, Norton Internet Security is by far the best product on the market. I mean, we are running the table right now with the awards, and so we've got around the world, in geographies that previously have been a little bit challenging for us where we are gaining market share.  If you look at the retail channel or you look at the OEM channel, they're all very interested in using Norton Internet Security 2009, which is the product that we take to the OEMs and we see an opportunity to continue to expand our relationship with OEMs. And so there's a number of OEMs who cater to the premium security segment where we think we've got a competitive advantage and so we're going to focus there.
Adam Holt - J. P. Morgan:  And then if you could just touch on the other two elements. Obviously, the PC market's decelerating materially. How does that impact you and how do you think about the influences there? And then just secondarily, as you think about continuing to expand your distribution both with traditional OEMs and then also thinking about the opportunities with netbooks, maybe touch on your thoughts there.
Enrique Salem: Let me give you a couple of thoughts. So, you're right, we are seeing a change in the growth rate in the PC market and so what we're doing to compensate for that - and we've been planning this for some time - is bringing new offerings to the market that allow us to get more revenue per customer.  And so, for example, we'll be shipping a stand-alone version - a product that we call Norton Online Backup - and so that product is something that we can go into, quite frankly, any customer, whether they're an existing Symantec or not. We also can use that product on netbooks, where netbooks are devices that typically don't have as much storage and customers are going to download pictures, download videos, and we can use our backup capabilities to help those customers. I think the second thing that we want to talk about is PC Tools, the acquisition we did a couple of quarters ago that closed at the beginning of the December quarter, allows us to go into more price-sensitive markets, both where the customer's more price sensitive or potentially they're going to use it on a netbook offering, and so that gives us the ability to go after new customers who are not the traditional Norton buyer without having to take the Norton product down into that segment.  And so we've got a dual-brand strategy that I think will allow us to expand and bring in some new customers in some of the emerging markets where, quite frankly, we haven't been willing to take the Norton brand because we haven't been willing to drive the prices down.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brent Thill - Citigroup.
Brent Thill - Citigroup:  If you could comment on the personnel, total headcount. I think you mentioned you're going to be managing that number down. I think at the quarter end you were at mid-17,000. Can you just walk through going forward what your plans are on that line item?
James Beer: Well, as part of what we've released this afternoon, we show a headcount for the December quarter of 17,621. Now, 811 of those people came to us just recently through the acquisitions of MessageLabs and PC Tools, so quarter-over-quarter we're down around 950 or so.  So I wouldn't want to make any predictions around specific employee numbers going forward. I would say that this is obviously one of the areas in which Enrique and I have really been focusing on the cost side of the ledger. So as we have employees attrite from the company, we're being very careful about how many of those positions we backfill and so forth. So this is a topic we're looking at in great detail.
Brent Thill - Citigroup: And just a quick follow up. John had mentioned on the Storage business that more than half the revenue's from fairly sticky maintenance contracts. Can you just update us on what the maintenance rates are today and any changes in terms of that line item you've seen recently?
Enrique Salem: Yes, Brent. When you look at it - we haven't talked about the maintenance rates, but what I am pleased with, even in this tougher economic environment, we continue to see customers renewing their maintenance, and they are continuing to buy new licenses alongside of those maintenance agreements. What I do want to emphasize is that our storage products continue to perform well very specifically because customers are looking for ways to save money and with our current offerings we're able to do that. This notion of stop buying storage absolutely works with CIOs around the world. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John DiFucci  J. P. Morgan.
John DiFucci  J. P. Morgan:  It sounds like the Consumer business, if you back out some of the acquisitions in your pro forma numbers, it's down just a little bit year-over-year. And given what Microsoft put up, it talked about the consumer, what others have talked about, that's actually a lot better than expected. And then, Enrique, you sort of hit on that. It sounds like you're selling more products into those same consumers, which is helping that business quite a bit. And the Storage sounds steady, but the Security and Compliance business was down year-over-year. You all said large deals down, a number of large deals. Maybe if you can comment on that and just tell us what's happening in that business at least relative to your other businesses.
Enrique Salem: Sure. There's two places where I think we've got good performance where, if you look at the DLP business, the Data Loss Prevention business, that has continued to do well. But it's a smaller number, so it's growth rate doesn't have as large an impact. We've also seen good performance with Symantec Endpoint Protection at the large enterprise, which is where we focus that product. In the mid market, given some of the improvements we've made in the SMB space, there's still more work to be done there, and I would tell you that is a place where we need to see some improvement. But overall, the DLP business, SEP and the large Enterprise continues to do very well.
John DiFucci - J. P. Morgan: Do you think that has more to do with the mid market, the market itself is a little tougher? Is that something that you, Symantec, on an execution basis just needs to work better at?
Enrique Salem: I think ultimately it's - we can definitely do better. I think we can definitely continue to execute well in that segment, and I think we'll make some improvements with our Symantec Endpoint Protection product where we'll be able to serve that market segment better.
James Beer: In terms of the volume of large deals, one of the themes there is that we're seeing customers buying what they need for the short to medium term sometimes rather than investing in those longer-term large-scale type transactions that were more voluminous in the last quarter or two. 
John DiFucci - J. P. Morgan: And if I could just squeeze one in on the goodwill impairment there, that implies that the fair market value of something that you had bought along the way - it's big or a lot of things are now below the carrying value, and I'm just curious what specifically is that? The net present value, the way you calculate it, of the cash flow from that, is that related to Veritas or is it related to - if you could just identify what assets that's related to.
James Beer: Well, the way the calculation works, it's done on a segment basis as opposed to a specific acquisition basis, so I actually can't answer that question.  And what's driving the overall calculation is the notion that obviously cost of capital has risen given what we're seeing in terms of dislocations in the financial markets, the short-term growth rates have to reflect the realities of today's recession, and then interestingly the other element of this that drives the overall scale of the charge is, ironically, really, the fact that we invest a very large amount in R&D organically here. And so when you go through this calculation you have to value the organically developed intellectual property, and that is actually deducted from the amount of goodwill that you can keep on the books.  So it's really those three drivers, and it's a segment analysis rather than a specific acquisition analysis. 
John DiFucci - J. P. Morgan: Can you tell us which segment, James, it is, though, just out of curiosity?
James Beer: Yes. The segments that obviously - we're, as I mentioned, still going through this calculation, but it'll be the Enterprise segment that will be impacted here, and we should be in a position to have more information in the 10-Q that we'll be issuing in a week or two's time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse.
Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse:  Last year you made a change to the sales incentive structure - sorry, at the beginning of this fiscal year. When you start to look going forward here, are there any more refinements that you're planning to make over the next several months here to put even more focus on license revenue or do you feel pretty comfortable with the current sales model?
Enrique Salem: Well, I think that we've made all the changes of any consequence that we're going to make to the comp structure. We've already made those, Phil, and I think it's more a matter of we'll make some refinements.  But make no mistake about it - our focus here is how do we keep driving new licenses, and so things that we can do to improve new license generation, we will do. And are there a few more things we can do? Yes, but they're going to be tweaks to the current plan, not any big changes. 
Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse: And any expectation for a change just in the mix of the sales force, you have more quota-carrying heads, etc.
Enrique Salem: As far as the mix, I would tell you we always look at the coverage model and we're trying to find where the big opportunities are. I will tell you that in this economic environment we're looking at which segments are going to have higher growth, but the priority for us right now is looking at what are some of the big opportunities for our customers.  And I would highlight three areas: One is we can continue to grow our Security business, and so we need to focus there. Two is as customers move to kind of the next generation data protection, I think that creates an opportunity for Symantec to look at how do we allocate resource against that opportunity. And then three, we're definitely seeing as folks continue to look at how they reduce costs and understand what they need to do themselves or what their core competencies are, they'll do more leveraging software as a service, so that'll be another area for us to look at. And so across the segments looking at those three opportunities will be how we decide our resource allocation. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Heather Bellini - UBS.
Heather Bellini - UBS:  I was just wondering - and I may have missed this because my phone's cutting in and out; I'm over in Europe - but I was wondering if you could share with us, there's been some questions I've been getting about when your Enterprise Security contracts are up for renewal, how do we think about the impact of job reductions and is there the potential for true downs in the number of seeds or nodes that you guys are protecting that we might have to think about when we're thinking about the Enterprise Security growth rates?
Enrique Salem: I think, Heather, what you want to think about is we've got over 100 million endpoints that we protect, and so the current economic environment has a de minimis effect as far as the number of nodes that we're going to go protect. I think the more salient point at times is going to be how long are people willing to re-up their maintenance. Are they doing a three-year maintenance, which was pretty typical in a lot of our Security business, or are they going to go for shorter terms? And I think we'll see more of the shorter term, but the number of nodes will still be out there. There'll be a de minimis effect from the current economic environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Unidentified Analyst] - Pacific Crest Securities.
Unidentified Analyst - Pacific Crest Securities :  I kind of wanted to talk a little more about Enterprise Security in terms of it's the second quarter in a row of negative sequential growth. Do you feel like you guys are ceding share at all there?
Enrique Salem: I think what you want to look at is the segments that we are in - meaning the products that we offer I think we're doing well. We are gaining share in DLP, in Data Loss Prevention. I mean, if you look at the numbers, very good performance there. I think that there are parts of Security that haven't been as resilient, and I think in the SMB space it's an area where we have to do a better job. But make no mistake about it - in large Enterprise, when I look at the business that we've done I highlighted Continental and a few others we are displacing competitors at the high end of the market with Symantec Endpoint Protection. So at the high end, I think we're gaining. I'm looking at a segment analysis, though, where I think there's a couple of segments where we can do a better job with SEP specifically. I think we can do more in the SMB space.
Unidentified Analyst - Pacific Crest Securities:  North America had a strong quarter. Could you kind of just touch on that, what drove it, what specific products?
Enrique Salem: I think it's ultimately just strong execution by our sales team. I think overall we've focused our efforts on what are the things that are going to resonate with our customers. If you think about it, you've got a situation where people are looking for how do they drive costs out of their environment, so technologies like Storage Foundation, our NetBackup product, both did well.  And then also I highlighted just a moment ago our Data Loss Prevention business, where customers continue to need to protect their information, is something that has proven to be, you know, shown continued strength. I expect that to continue. I don't think customers are going to stop looking at how they protect their intellectual property, their customer data, their employee data, and so I think our DLP business - that full suite, now that we've moved it out to the Endpoint with DLP 9 - I think will continue to perform well. 
Unidentified Analyst - Pacific Crest Securities:  You talked a little bit about the security for Macs. Do you have any idea of how big that market size would be?
Enrique Salem: Well, I think what you want to look at is - I would look at it on the percentage of Macs that are out there. And that number's growing; their market share of total PCs is growing. And so I think our opportunity will grow commensurate with that. I think what's important is that, for example, with pfishing, whether you're on a PC platform or a Mac platform, you still need protection. You've still got to get protected. And so that creates an opportunity for us because we've got a fantastic brand, we've historically had a good footprint on the Mac, and so we expect that to continue.
James Beer: I think it's fair to say that the Mac users tend to be high-end premium type users and that's very much our target market with the Norton brand.
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank :  First, on the Consumer side, can you guys give us any sense in terms of early conversion rates on netbooks or any kind of indication in terms of how you think penetration's going to look on the netbook segment versus traditional?
Enrique Salem: I don't have any data that I can share right now. We are on the Asus netbooks and a couple of others that we're in discussions with.  I would tell you that the price of PCs has been dropping for the last 15 years, from the day they were introduced in the early 80s, and ultimately the value of our software has not, meaning, if you think about when we launched Norton Internet Security in 1999 2000, it was $69; we're still charging $69 for that product. And the reason is it's less about the cost of the hardware and much more about what you're doing on that PC, it's the information on the PC, it's your identity when you go online.  And that's why I think the notion of the price point of the netbook is not driving whether they're willing to pay for security software or not because if that would be the case we wouldn't be able to get $69 and $79 for NIS and Norton 360, respectively.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank : And then on the Enterprise side, if you look at the March quarter here, have you guys changed any of your assumptions around close rates versus what you saw in December or how are you thinking about the business environment impacting March?
Enrique Salem: We've got a couple of things going on. We think it'll be a similar close rate. And plus, it's driving into the end of our fiscal year. So I think that we expect a similar close rate at this point and I think that you saw in our results that we've been able to perform both on the top line and the bottom line.
Operator: Your next question comes from Walter Pritchard  Cowen & Company.
Walter Pritchard  Cowen & Company :  I'm wondering if you could give us a sense, just with the - you had a lot of acquired revenue on the PC Tools side in the Consumer space and with MessageLabs for part of a quarter in the Enterprise space - any sense as to what the contribution was from acquisition there? Just trying to get a sense of kind of the underlying growth rate in those businesses.
James Beer: No, we're really not going to try to break out acquisition numbers here. These are relatively small deals. Where we've done in the past, they've been much larger figures, so I think we'll just leave it to your own analysis.
Walter Pritchard - Cowen & Company : I guess the thing that confused me a little bit, it was on the Consumer revenue you had like a $16 million add back for deferred revenue which would kind of lead me to believe that the number that you're adding back is a big number and therefore meaningful. Is there a reason why that deferred revenue add back was so big?
James Beer: No, I wouldn't want you to infer that that's a small percentage of the total impact from PC Tools. Absolutely not, no. These are net-net small impacts to the Consumer business unit in the current quarter and I would expect that to be the same in the March quarter. 
Walter Pritchard - Cowen & Company : There's been a few questions on the Enterprise Security business, but I just wanted to follow up with one. I mean, SEPTA 11, I think, released about 15 months or so and you've been through a few cycles on that in terms of getting out service packs or whatever they're referred to. I'm just wondering as we look forward there, is the catalyst in that business waiting for a new release, SEP 12 or whatever it may be called? Because it seems like it's been more of a product issue there or maybe I'm wrong, but just trying to get a sense of what's going to be the catalyst to getting that business growing again on a year-over-year basis outside of the macro environment.
John Thompson: I think it's a matter of continuing to leverage the breadth of our portfolio, Walter. And you saw that with DLP 9 we integrated with Endpoint. We are going to leverage the technology there to strengthen our overall Endpoint business, because when you protect data, you've got to protect it everywhere, at the end point, at the server, at the gateway and the network.  And so from our perspective, while we are absolutely going to do enhancements to Symantec Endpoint Protection. We've made significant performance improvements in the latest maintenance release, and you should expect us to continue to do that, the real value and the growth opportunity comes from bringing in the other parts of the portfolio that bring in DLP and some of the other capabilities.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Ives - Friedman Billings Ramsey.
Daniel Ives - Friedman Billings Ramsey :  Just a quick question on the Consumer business. Last quarter the retail obviously dropped off because of some macro issues. It looks like that came back pretty strong. Was that the Best Buy that helped that? Can you talk about that, even though it's a small percent of the Consumer in the retail business. 
James Beer: Yes, well we continued to see this trend that we've had for years now of retail becoming a lesser part of the total Consumer revenue, online continuing to grow steadily. I think it is fair to say that the retail side of the equation did not go down as much as it did in the last quarter year-over-year. Last quarter we were talking in the low 20s%. This quarter I would describe it much more as mid-teens, something like that. So there has been something of a shallowing, if you will, of the trend line, and certainly we feel good about our relationship with Best Buy as we go forward here.
Daniel Ives - Friedman Billings Ramsey : Enrique, when you thought about the quarter and just visiting with customers, month over month, was it sort of panicky in December or it felt very kind of smooth in terms of pipeline and deal flow and just overall kind of environment from what you've seen?
Enrique Salem: I think that when you look at it, I was pleased with the close rates, and it was going into the calendar year end for lots and lots of our customers, and so it was a fairly orderly process. I think that the change that we have seen is the term. I think folks are committing to a little bit shorter term than they may have previously.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets.
Matt Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets:  Enrique, you spent some time in your prepared remarks talking about the Backup Exec product. I'm just wondering there, one of your competitors released a new version of their suite earlier this week and I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about the competitive nature of that product specifically. 
Enrique Salem: Sure. When you think about it, we've got the clear market leading product; we've got 47% plus market share. And I did see their announcement. There's nothing new in that product that we aren't offering today. I think some of the features that we've been delivering, things like deduplication, disk-based backup protection, are available from the Symantec portfolio.  And the nice thing about where we are is not only do we have the lead market share product in backup and recovery, we also have the market leading archiving product. And that combination because customers are starting to say hey, I don't want to differentiate between archiving and backing up; I think that I just want to protect my information - and hence the notion of having both market leading technologies positions us very, very well.
Matt Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets: And then, James, one small housekeeping question for you on the tax side. It was a little bit lower than we had anticipated, a little lower than the year-on-year number. What are your assumptions for your March tax rate? Do you think it'll be about flat or tick up a little bit?
James Beer: We're looking at March to be 30.5% as opposed to what we've traditionally said, 31%. So what we had happening in the December quarter was in essence a move to 30.5%, but of course you have to catch up for the first two quarters of the year as well. Hence, when you add it all up you end up with a 29.5% tax rate in the December quarter. 
Helyn Corcos: We have time for one more question, please, Tom.
Operator: Your last question comes from Katherine Egbert - Jefferies & Company.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies & Company:  You have a competitor, obviously, McAfee, whose done a lot of things in the PC-OEM channel to kind of get more share there. Does that come at your expense and could you just talk about you're combating some pretty aggressive efforts there by them?
Enrique Salem: I think you look at a couple of things. First of all I want to make sure we point to we've got the best profits in this industry. I think second we've got the best products in this industry. And third, we are always very diligent about making sure that we're going after segments that are going to pay for premium security. And so we look at every deal and, given our scale, we are in every discussion, but we're not going to do bad deals. And so what that means is if people aren't going to value our technology appropriately, we're not going to go do them. But if you look at the results given the strength of our products - and I mentioned this in the comments we got over 20 wins in the last quarter in a range of both OEMs in the retail channel because we've got the best technology.  Now, the other thing we're doing is we're going to leverage PC Tools in emerging markets and for more price-sensitive segments, so we feel we can go after our traditional customer, the more premium-oriented buyer, with Norton, and we can go after the more price-sensitive customer with the PC Tools brand.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies & Company: And then James, it looks like on the billings, the revenue plus changing deferred, you know, the guidance for the March quarter, if my numbers are right you're guiding to have billings about 5% or 6% year-on-year. And that's better than they were in the December quarter, but not as good as they were last March. Is that right and, if so, why the downtick?
James Beer: Well, the way we try to do this calculation - which we think is the way you do the calculation at the midpoint of the guided range we're coming up with on a constant currency basis a 5% increase in bookings year-over-year. So in this sort of an economic environment, we're relatively pleased with that look forward.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies & Company: John, I think this is your last conference call. Good luck to you. Good luck in Washington.
John Thompson: Thank you very much. Well, with that I guess I would close by saying I'm particularly proud of our team and their ability to execute so well in what is undoubtedly a very, very challenging economic environment. We would expect that environment to continue, but we'd also expect our team to maintain their resolve and their focus to deliver the best results that we possibly can. I couldn't be more proud to have spent 10 years at Symantec, so thank you very much.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2009 Q2  (2008-10-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Helyn Corcos  Vice President Investor Relations John Thompson  Chairman Chief Executive Officer James Beer  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Enrique Salem  Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Robert Breza - RBC Capital Markets Heather Bellini - UBS Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs Adam Holt  Morgan Stanley Brad Zelnick  Bank of America Brett Thill  Citigroup Daniel Ives - Friedman Billings Ramsey Michael Turits  Raymond James  John DiFucci  JP Morgan Israel Hernandez  Barclays Capital 
Operator: Good day and welcome to Symantecs second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Todays call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Helyn Corcos, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Maam. 
Helyn Corcos: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our fiscal second quarter 2009 earnings call. With me today are John Thompson, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Symantec; Enrique Salem, Chief Operating Officer and James Beer, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  In a moment I will turn the call over to John. He will provide high-level comments on the company. Enrique will follow with quarterly highlights and James will wrap it up with the review of the financials and our guidance as outlined in the press release. This will be followed by a question and answer session. Todays call is being recorded and will be available for replay on the Symantec Investor Relations homepage. A copy of todays press release and supplemental financial information are available on our website and a copy of todays prepared comments will be available on the Investor Relations website shortly after the call is completed.  Before we begin Id like to remind everyone that some of the information discussed on this call, including our projections regarding revenue, operating results, deferred revenue, cash flow from operations, amortization of acquisition-related intangibles and stock-based compensation for the coming quarter contain forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the statements. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties can be found in the companys most recent periodic reports filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. Symantec assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.  In addition to reporting financial results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals or GAAP, Symantec reports non-GAAP financial results. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP results which can be found in the press release and on our website.  Now I would like to introduce our CEO, Mr. John Thompson.
John Thompson: Thank you Helyn and good afternoon everyone. In the face of a slowing economic environment our company generated year-over-year growth in revenue, demonstrated solid progress on operating margins goals and delivered strong earnings growth. Our core businesses; consumer security, backup and storage continued to grow and drive profitability for our company. We saw solid performance in the large enterprise buyer segment as illustrated by the strength of our big deals during the September quarter. While we are pleased overall with the results like many other companies we saw a pause in IT spending among some of our customers during the last week of the quarter due to what we suspect were uncertainties and constraints in the global markets. As expected, the strengthening of the dollar versus other currencies around the world also impacted our financial results. While a stronger dollar is certainly an important metric of the health of the U.S. economy relative to other economies it will continue to have an impact on our results for the December quarter. Therefore, were updating our business outlook to reflect the likelihood of a continued economic slow down and the change in foreign currency rates.  In addition, we intend to maintain our flexibility with customers in tailoring transactions to assist them in acquiring the technology they need to weather these tough economic times. The strength of our financial position as well as our focus on areas where we can outperform our competitors should position us well in this marketplace. As always, we will continue to be prudent in managing our costs and expense. We have identified incremental cost savings areas and are making them part of our continuous improvement approach. These new actions are consistent with the efforts we have had in place which have produced the improvements in operating margins over the past four quarters.  These actions are intended to align our cost structure with the new realities driven by the economic environment. James will provide a bit more detail on our plans in a few minutes.  We think customers will take advantage of this environment to both rationalize the products they use and the vendors they buy from. In speaking with customers around the world they feel certain areas must continue to garner their attention and capture the lion share of any new investments they are likely to make over the next year or so. All of these investments must meet stringent ROI standards and support the requirements to create a less complex, more compliant IT infrastructure.  Some examples of these areas include more comprehensive storage management solutions to help lower overall hardware spending. Rich data loss prevention solutions to deal with a rapidly changing employee and sub-contractor or contractor environment and services that allow them to selectively out task those things no longer deemed to be critical for them to manage.  Our storage business, for example, certainly benefits from the ROI based selling approach we put in place more than a year ago. The recent enhancements to our data loss prevention solution are timely and consistent with what our customers say they need to manage in todays more uncertain times.  We will stay focused on executing our strategy to secure and manage information against more risks, at more points, more completely and efficiently than any other company in the world. Our development teams have been working diligently to deliver next generation products for compliance and systems management.  Let me spend a minute discussing a couple of these offers. In the compliance arena, our integrated process automation solution, Control Compliance Suite 9.0, helps organizations generate, create and maintain a sustainable compliance program in accordance with governance mandates and their risk management strategies. Importantly, it should allow our customers to achieve their compliance objectives at a much lower cost than manual or more traditional approaches.  Our next release of Altiris 7.0 leverages the proven infrastructure and technology to deliver a tightly integrated solution to help customers automate many of the labor-intensive processes they use today in their distributed client and server infrastructure.  The Symantec Management Platform, a core technology of our Open Collaborative Architecture, will be used to integrate technologies from many of our key products including Symantec Endpoint Protection, Backup Exec Systems Recovery, Configuration Management, and Data Loss Prevention.  Our customers are really excited about these products and the progress were making in integration across our portfolio. Something that will be difficult for some others, certainly for some competitors to achieve through partnerships alone. We are well positioned to keep our business growing and to return value to shareholders. Weve got a strong balance sheet, a solid recurring revenue model, minimal capital expenditure requirements and a continued focus on improving the efficiency of our business operations.  These attributes when combined with our strong product portfolio, diverse customer base and investments in key product growth areas, position our company for continued long-term success.  With that, Ill turn the call over to Enrique who will provide more detail on the September quarter highlights.
Enrique Salem : Thanks John. Good afternoon everyone. Id like to highlight a few key items of our fiscal second quarter.  Starting with our consumer segment, the consumer revenue was impacted by continued softness in the retail sector. As you know, retail sales have been steadily declining. It is important to note that during the September quarter revenue from our retail channel declined by more than 20% year over year. However, our electronic distribution channels continue to grow posting 10% year-over-year growth.  Our consumer business remains very profitable and the contribution margin from this segment continues to improve. As you know, we launched the 2009 versions of Norton Antivirus and Norton Internet Security in September. These products have set a new industry standard for speed and performance by being the fastest security products in the world. Initial response to the launch of Norton Internet Security 2009 has been overwhelmingly positive.  In addition to the eight top awards we have received to date, Walt Mossberg of the Wall Street Journal notes that NIS 2009 is the fastest, simplest and least obtrusive security suite in the market. We continue to pursue a multi-pronged strategy to acquire new customers.  First, we have relationships with seven of the top OEM vendors. We signed several OEMs during the September quarter including a deal with Packard Bell, where Packard Bell will continue to ship NIS in EMEA. In another deal, a large PC manufacturer has awarded NIS the recommended and trial default positions in EMEA, Japan and Latin America for all small business PCs for the period November 2008 through April 2009.  Second, in the emerging markets where customers are more price sensitive we will grow our business by leveraging the PC Tools brand and its online go-to-market model.  Now moving onto our enterprise business. We had another strong quarter in terms of large deals. During the September quarter we generated a total of 326 transactions valued at more than $300,000 each, up 8% compared to 302 transactions in the year-ago quarter. We generated 77 transactions worth more than $1 million each, up 20% compared to 64 transactions in the September 2007 quarter. In addition, we also saw a good mix of our product offerings within these top deals. 87% of all large transactions included multiple products or services providing further validation that during these difficult economic times customers prefer to consolidate vendors and are doing so with Symantec.  In our endpoint security business we are seeing good traction in large enterprises and continue to win competitive displacements. We are also seeing large-scale deployments with one high-tech customer deploying our Symantec Endpoint Protection solution on more than 100,000 nodes worldwide.  Symantec Endpoint Protection is leveraging the zero-impact performance technology already available in our consumer security products. Our recently delivered maintenance release has faster boot time than any of our competitors. While this business is doing well in large enterprise we saw softness in the mid market influenced in part by weak macro economic conditions. A particular area of strength in our core business continues to be the storage and backup businesses. There are two factors that are driving our storage management business to grow above market growth rates.  The first driver is customers increasing focus on the hard dollar ROI from savings on storage spending. Customers want to manage complexity while reducing costs and making more efficient use of their existing storage investments. Our storage foundation products help customers simplify their data centers and reduce costs by standardizing the storage management software across their heterogeneous environments.  The second catalyst is being driven by large enterprises migrating to Linux and Windows based commodity servers in their data centers. This horizontal scaling allows infrastructures to grow or shrink based on computing demands without huge changes in capital expenditure. These types of data centers rely heavily on sophisticated management and availability tools to take full advantage of server and storage virtualization technologies providing a catalyst for our storage management and high availability businesses.  To further take advantage of this shift in the data center we recently launched Veritas Cluster Server One. VCS One is a new high availability and disaster recovery platform optimized for the next generation virtualized data centers. We believe VCS One has a multi-year head start over our competitors proprietary high availability tools which are optimized for legacy data center environments.  Early adopter reception to this product has been strong with a major telecommunications provider already using this product in production today. Given these factors we are confident in the long-term direction of our server management and high availability businesses.  The next area of our business that continues to show strength is backup. The backup market where we have the market-leading product for both high end and mid market segments is being driven by the migration from tape-to-disk, virtualization, de-duplication, and replication.  Our next generation data protection strategy leverages these trends and continues to gain momentum with our customers and partners. NetBackup has the best protection for VMware environments and now we have taken these best-in-class virtual machine protection and incorporated them into Backup Exec.  This is an example of how we are gaining cost synergies by combining the NetBackup and Backup Exec product teams. We have started shipping Backup Exec 12.5 which not only provides protection for VMware platforms but also supports Microsofts HyperV environments. We remain committed to providing solutions that work across all major operating systems, hardware types and across all hypervisors. We recently expanded our strategic partnership with Dell in the backup area. Dell will sell disk arrays that are pre-installed with Backup Exec 12.5 technology. These appliances are extremely easy to deploy, provide support for both physical and virtual environments and are mostly targeted for the SMB marketplace.  Small and medium businesses can now take advantage of Backup Execs advanced features around SharePoint and Exchange protection and granular recovery of files.  Moving on, our archiving and data loss prevention businesses continue to show strong growth, further extending our market leading position. In the same way that databases have become the home for structured information our market leading archiving solution, Enterprise Vault, gives companies of all sizes a primary storage tier for unstructured information.  An increasing number of Fortune 100 companies are recognizing that an intelligent archive is the best place to secure and manage your unstructured information. Enterprise Vault 8.0, which we expect to ship in early 2009, will focus on helping organizations reduce the costs of storing unstructured information through data de-duplication and will feature advanced electronic discovery capabilities.  Our data loss prevention team had its best quarter ever. We signed deals with some of the largest global enterprises during the quarter with most customers opting to purchase the full suite. For example, a large U.S. credit card company licensed the entire Symantec Data Loss Prevention suite. PCI compliance was the key driver given the requirements to protect credit card information, employee data, financial data, and high net worth customer lists. This customer selected our solution because our detection accuracy, central management and the ability of the solution to scale. During the quarter we also announced the release of Symantec DLP 9.0 which includes endpoint management leveraging Symantecs Open Collaborative Architecture. This release highlights our focus on integrating key technologies across the portfolio using the collaborative architecture.  In closing, we will continue to drive profitability while investing in key high growth areas and further strengthening our competitive position in the market place.  With that, Ill hand the call over to James. 
James Beer :  Thank you Enrique and good afternoon everyone. Im pleased that our ongoing focus on managing costs is leading to continued operating margin expansion and earnings growth. Ill start by reviewing the financial details of the September quarter.  GAAP revenue was $1.518 billion. Non-GAAP revenue grew 6% over the September 2007 period to $1.523 billion driven by strong growth in our storage, backup, archiving, data loss prevention and services businesses. Foreign currency movements positively impacted non-GAAP revenue by approximately 3.5 percentage points year-over-year and negatively impacted revenue by 2 percentage points sequentially. Had the exchange rate remained at our guided rate of $1.53 per Euro versus the weighted average rate of $1.49 per Euro for the quarter, our non-GAAP revenue would have totaled $1.541 billion, approximately in line with the mid point of our revenue guidance.  The September quarters fully diluted GAAP earnings per share were $0.16. Non-GAAP fully diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.37 up 28% year-over-year reflecting the combination of continued revenue growth and judicious expense management.  International non-GAAP revenue of $764 million grew 5% versus the year-ago period, accounting for 50% of total non-GAAP revenue. The Asia Pacific Japan region grew 11%. The Americas grew 6% and the Europe, Middle East and Africa region grew 3% year-over-year. Emerging markets such as China, India and Russia continued to generate very strong growth rates. Moving on to our non-GAAP revenue by segment. The consumer business generated revenue of $440 million equivalent to 29% of total revenue and grew 2% year-over-year. Moving to the enterprise arena, the storage and server management segment generated revenue of $573 million up 12% year-over-year and representing 38% of total revenue.  Our security and compliance segment generated revenue of $403 million up 1% versus the year-ago period. This segment accounted for 26% of total revenue.  Our services segment generated revenue of $107 million up 16% year-over-year, representing 7% of total revenue.  We continue to focus on improving the cost efficiency of our services operations and were pleased with the contribution improvements that the group has made during the past few quarters.  Non-GAAP gross margin increased 40 basis points to 85.7% for the September 2008 quarter as compared to 85.3% for the year-ago period. Our continued focus on cost management has also increased non-GAAP operating margins for the September quarter to 29.1% up 390 basis points year-over-year. This is the fourth consecutive quarter in which operating margins have increased strongly versus the prior year.  GAAP net income was $140 million for the September 2008 quarter. Non-GAAP net income was $311 million up 18% year-over-year. We exited September with a cash and short-term investments balance of nearly $2.31 billion. During the September quarter we repurchased $200 million or 9.3 million shares at an average price of $21.46.  Our net accounts receivable balance at the end of the September 2008 quarter was $645 million. Day sales outstanding (DSO) was 39 days, in line with normal seasonal trends.  Cash flow from operating activities for the September quarter was $248 million as compared to $331 million in the September 2007 quarter. This reduction was driven by increased cash tax payments versus the year-ago period in which we received a tax refund. The year-over-year differential in cash taxes totaled over $100 million.  GAAP deferred revenue at the end of the September 2008 quarter was approximately $2.71 billion. Non-GAAP deferred revenue grew 4% year-over-year to $2.72 billion. Foreign currency movements negatively impacted non-GAAP deferred revenue by 1 percentage point year-over-year and negatively impacted deferred revenue by 5 percentage points sequentially.  Had exchange rates remained at our $1.53 per Euro guided rate versus the ending period rate of $1.38 per Euro deferred revenue would have totaled $2.83 billion. This was weaker than expected due to the reluctance on the part of some of our customers to finalize contracts during the last week of our quarter. Now Id like to spend a few minutes discussing our expectations for the December quarter.  While the storage and security value propositions that we offer our customers give us a certain amount of insulation from the current macro economic environment, clearly no company is immune from its customer's challenges during tough economic times. As a result along with recognizing the recent strengthening of the dollar we are providing a wider guidance range than normal as follows:  We are assuming an exchange rate of $1.25 per Euro for the December 2008 quarter versus the $1.45 per Euro we experienced during the December 2007 quarter. Given the rapidly moving exchange rate environment it may be helpful to provide the following rules of thumb as to the impact of currency movements on our financial metrics.  For every U.S. $0.01 movement versus the Euro revenue would be impacted by approximately $4.5 million and deferred revenue would be impacted by approximately $7 million. In addition, for every $0.05 movement versus the Euro non-GAAP earnings per share would be impacted by approximately $0.01.  It is important to note however, that these rules of thumb will move around based on the actual currency mix of our revenues and expenses.  For the December 2008 quarter we expect GAAP revenue to be in the range of $1.446 to $1.496 billion. Non-GAAP revenue is estimated to be in the range of $1.45 to $1.50 billion. In constant currency terms, this range would equate to $1.54 billion to $1.59 billion as compared to the $1.529 billion we generated in the December 2007 quarter.  As a result, GAAP earnings per share are forecasted to be in the range of between $0.11 and $0.14. Non-GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be in the range of between $0.30 and $0.33. In constant currency, this range would equate to $0.34 to $0.37 as compared to the $0.33 result in the year-ago period. This guidance assumes a common stock equivalent total for the quarter of approximately 840 million shares. At the end of the December quarter we expect GAAP deferred revenue to be between $2.696 billion and $2.821 billion. We expect non-GAAP deferred revenue to be between $2.7 billion and $2.825 billion.  The exchange rate at the end of the December 2007 quarter was $1.47 per Euro. Using this constant currency rate this range would be between $2.854 and $2.979 billion as compared to $2.897 billion at the end of December 2007. We expect about 62% or approximately $920 million of our December quarter revenue to come from the balance sheet. This percentage once again illustrates the degree of predictability that we have built into our income statement during the last few years.  Lastly, we have $600 million left in our current stock repurchase board authorization. We continue to be committed to share buy backs as an important part of our capital management strategy.  There is further opportunity to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of our cost structure. For example, we just recently entered into contracts with third parties to outsource portions of both our IT and finance back office functions. We are also in the process of outsourcing our European manufacturing operations from Ireland to the Czech Republic.  The economic and process improvement benefits of these moves will begin to appear during fiscal year 2010. In the shorter term we are continuing to focus on each line item of our cost structure and the attendant opportunities to drive additional efficiencies.  We are in the process of implementing a reduction in force as well as carefully managing the replacement of ongoing attrition. In addition, we are focusing on our travel expenses as well as all other discretionary purchases. We estimate that these actions will allow us to maintain our quarterly operating expenditures approximately in line with the September quarters result for the remainder of the fiscal year versus the more traditional pattern of cost increases in the second half of the year.  In saying this, I am accounting for the increasing costs driven by the acquisition of PC Tools and am assuming a foreign exchange rate of $1.25 per Euro for the remainder of the fiscal year.  In closing, while our September quarter was impacted by the strengthening of the dollar and the weakening of the economic environment we believe that the last three months marked another important step forward in the development and growth of Symantec.  We continue to build momentum in terms of the breadth and quality of our product offerings, the depth of our relationships with customers and the efficiency and effectiveness of our back office.  Our security products continue to be essential to the protection of digital assets and our storage and system management products save customers considerable amounts of money which will be even more important in the coming quarters. We generate strong cash flow from operations, in part as a result of our predictable maintenance streams and have reduced net capital expenditures during the last two years. We possess a strong balance sheet and have a sustained record of share buy backs while also successfully continuing to expand the product and market scope of the company through acquisitions.  As a result, I believe we are well positioned to deal with the current macro economic environment and we will stay focused on both our revenue and cost strategies. Now, Ill turn the call back to Helen so that we can take some of your questions.
Helyn Corcos:  While the operator is polling for questions, Id like to announce that Symantec plans to attend several analyst conferences over the next couple of months. In addition we will be reporting our third quarter fiscal results on January 28, 2009. For a complete list of the investor related events please visit our events calendar on the Investor Relations Website.  We are ready for our first question. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from Robert Breza - RBC Capital Markets. 
Robert Breza - RBC Capital Markets: When you dig into the segments when you look at the 12% in storage and server management it would clearly indicate you are taking share from competitors out there. I would love to get an understanding of who and when you look at the security and compliance space growing only 1% how do you feel about your competitive situation there? Do you feel like you are taking share? Maintaining share? How would you classify that? 
Enrique Salem:  If we look at the strength in our storage and back up business I think what you are seeing is we now have a very strong product line across both the Windows platform and the more distributed platforms and given some of the new features we have been adding our strength in backing up virtual environments and some of the other things we have done in data de-duplication are really starting to pay off. So we are absolutely now given the strength of those products making a lot of progress against the competition where not only in large accounts but also in the mid market. So we continue to see the strength in those products and I think we will continue to gain market share there.  I think when you look at the end point security business or the security business I think what you have seen is we continue to do well in large enterprise but we did see some softening in the mid market as we delivered the Symantec End Point Protection technology into that segment. My sense is right now that is more impacted by some of the things going on in the macro environment and I fully expect with our new maintenance release, Maintenance Release 3, that the performance improvements will shine in the mid markets and continue to improve our position in that segment. 
Robert Breza - RBC Capital Markets: James, as a follow-up you mentioned the reduction in force. Can you help us with some ranges there? Is it like 5%? 2-3%? Can you help us in a range of how we should think about the reduction of force? 
James Beer:  We are looking at a reduction of around 4.5% of our dollar volume for people. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Heather Bellini  UBS. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about deferred's. They were obviously impacted by FX and you also mentioned by the macro environment. I was wondering if you could share with us a little bit what business segment, Xing out FX for a minute, which business segments were the weakest in terms of deal signings towards the end of the quarter and then how should we think about bookings growth going forward in terms of how you guys define bookings growth? Then I have one follow-up. 
John Thompson:  I think it would be fair to say that we saw softness in the mid market and the low end of the enterprise segment as we entered the last week of our fiscal quarter which happened to be the week of the Monday $700 million decline in the DOW. So it is an interesting time to be trying to close business. It was characterized in the segments I just mentioned. It had a particularly strong impact quite frankly in Europe and the U.S. compared to APJ and many of those were deals that just pushed as opposed to deals that essentially went away or we lost to competition. The question is for how long have they pushed. Do they show up in our December quarter results or do they become an issue that we will continue to chase until the economic environment improves just a bit.  Let me have James answer the second half of the question. 
James Beer:  In terms of bookings, Heather, I wont try to get into predicting bookings rates going forward but certainly as we think about what we achieved in the September quarter I know many of you will look at the bookings as the calculation of revenue plus change in deferred. Certainly I would urge you and your colleagues to look at the change in deferred on the cash flow statement. The cash flow statement is using an average FX rate for the period whereas if you look at the balance sheet it is going to use that end of period exchange rate in that statement. The balance sheet would give you a very different answer. It would very much accentuate the volatility we saw in the foreign exchange rates towards the ends of the quarter. I would urge you to focus on revenue plus change in deferred as defined on the cash flow statement and doing that calculation gets you out to around 3% bookings growth which is directionally in line with what we accomplished during this quarter. 
Heather Bellini  UBS:  John since you mentioned it you said the question is how long have the deals pushed out for. Do you have any sense given what you have seen so far in the first month of the quarter? Do you have a view on how long they might push out for? 
John Thompson:  I wish I had that crystal ball. I do think our teams are very mindful of where the transactions are, what the issues are that might cause them to move with customers. As I said in my planned remarks I think we are going to have to use the strength of our financials to help move transactions along. That does not mean we go and do crazy things that pollute our balance sheet but we should come through this a lot stronger than companies that dont have the financial muscle we have. Enrique, James and I will certainly be working with the geographic leaders that ensure we structure transactions that balance taking business off the table, recognizing it in the period and building a deferred revenue pool that underpins the cash flow of the company. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Given the expense reductions and the risk you discussed, given what you are doing there are you still holding to your view of 100 basis points of margin expansion? Is that why you are making the cuts to still be able to hit that target given the new revenue view? 
James Beer:  One hundred basis points of operating margin expansion is a long-term goal as we discussed on analyst day and other occasions. Certainly I am pleased with the record we have been able to record in the first half of the year and these moves we are announcing today for the cost structure for the back half of the year will obviously help us as well. I think I will just leave it at that. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs. 
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: If I could just come back to guidance as well, looking at what you have got from a revenue perspective we would guess some of your currency impact is probably about negative 5% in December just based on that same exchange rate you gave James. So in effect it looks like you are guiding still flat to maybe 1% growth with the mid point. What else are you trying to encompass with that guidance? Are you really assuming ongoing, very tough macro backdrop, almost recession type scenario? Im just trying to get a feel for what you thought about how you were going to guide ultimately. 
John Thompson:  I dont think this is a time for us to be cavalier about our guidance and overly aggressive in forecasting what we think the macro economic environment might produce. While I would never want to have this characterized as conservative guidance, our view is that we need to make sure given what we observed at the end of the September quarter we factor that into our thinking with respect to what could very well happen in December.  December historically has been the strongest sequential growth period for us. It is the period in which we do the largest amount of business and the largest amount of transactions with large enterprise customers. But we cannot ignore the fact that many of our customers are suffering. As such that could have some consequences on us. 
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: You talked about this kind of SMB type weakness. Can you also touch on the consumer? I know Digital [Reverse] call last night they talked about a real kind of stop in spending in the last week, almost 9/11 like, but they havent seen a lot of that rebound so it has been one data point about a more consumer driven purchasing behavior. From your end what have you seen generally? 
John Thompson:  I think as we look at the consumer business it is pretty clear that retail has continued to soften and as I mentioned in my comments we basically are down about 20% year-over-year on the retail side. Online has continued for us to do well. I think we were 10% year-over-year growth and we do see a continued move to online. I havent seen any big change in the business we are doing online at this point but retail has been the weak spot. 
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: Can you tell if it is new customers that are going away or if it is actual renewal rates that are being impacted from customers that already have Symantec but maybe arent choosing to renew? 
John Thompson:  Given that much of it is in the retail channel it is hard to discern whether or not it is a repeat buyer into the store or a brand new buyer who hasnt shown up in the store. I think you might get some color on that as you see what some of the electronic retailers announce as their results as time goes on. But fundamentally the online channel remains quite strong for us but retail has been a source of agony for lack of a better term for us for 4-6 quarters now. It has been on a steady decline and we saw a fairly precipitous drop during the September quarter. 
Enrique Salem :  Just one comment, I dont know that we have seen a change in the renewal rate as a result of what has been going on. 
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: You would see it in your auto renewals, right? 
James Beer:  I am quite happy with how auto renewal has been going along. Now we have really rolled that out and seen the year-over-year effects right around the world and it has been a very positive development for us. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Adam Holt  Morgan Stanley. 
Adam Holt  Morgan Stanley: If I could just start with maybe a follow-up in the consumer business, I apologize if I missed this, but did you give what the mix of 360 was in the quarter? Maybe give us your thinking about what you are expecting out of the retail channel heading into the holiday season. 
John Thompson:  We didnt break out the differenced between 360 and Norton Internet Security but as you look at it right now 360 is roughly 28% of the revenue in the consumer business and I expect that to continue to move in becoming a larger and larger mix of consumer revenue because what we are doing is we are trying to encourage our customers to continue to move from the point products to the higher end suite which is Norton 360. As far as the holiday season and our expectations we do believe that we have a premium product that will do well but it is important to note it is too early to tell how much demand we are going to see in the holidays. We are well positioned for what is known as black Friday, which is the day after Thanksgiving which is the biggest retail shopping day of the year. A lot of work we have done with our partners but ultimately it is too early for me to try to predict how many folks are going to be in stores this holiday season. 
Adam Holt  Morgan Stanley: A couple of numbers questions, the tax rate was a little bit lower than we expected in the quarter. How should we be thinking about the tax rate for the back half? Then just on the margins understanding that currency is going to have a negative impact on margins for the quarter, still looking at pretty materially down sequentially and year-over-year. Anything else in particular you are factoring into your expectations for the margin guidance for the December quarter? 
James Beer:  On the tax rate I would suggest we continue to look at 31% for the back half of the year. The September quarter benefited from a couple of one-off items that I wouldnt expect to be repeating going forward.  In terms of currency effects around margins again we are seeking to our overall long-range goal of 100 basis points and we will see where the various actions that we are taking on our cost structure going forward here in the next few months have us land. 
Adam Holt  Morgan Stanley: On that front we should expect to see the 4.5% taken out of the cost structure through the December quarter so you would hope to have that done by the end of December? 
James Beer:  No. I would say that impact will be only fully reflected within the P&L come the March quarter. Particularly in parts of the world such as Europe it really takes longer to implement any action like this. Even in the Americas it is going to take us a little bit of time here to complete the implementation 
Operator:  The next question comes from Brad Zelnick  Bank of America. 
Brad Zelnick  Bank of America: Just to follow up on some of your earlier questions on guidance. Beyond the assumptions for FX just very specifically are you assuming the same economic environment you saw in the last week of the quarter across all 13 weeks in the December quarter? Then a follow up to that do you have any outside seasonal exposure to particular vertical markets or customer segments in December? 
John Thompson:  I dont think you could say we are good enough to declare the effects we saw in the 13th week of the September quarter are going to perpetuate themselves quarter after quarter or week after week. I think what you can see or observe in our forecast is a sense that there will be a sluggishness in the way customers are willing to not just consider transactions but also commit to those transactions. That is more likely to be reflected in what happens in the last two weeks of our quarter. That is always the bewitching hour if you will for an enterprise software company because that is when the vast majority of the big deals get done.  With respect to verticals, clearly financial services and telecom are important sectors for us and the enterprise revenues component of our business alone financial services including banks, commercial banks and insurance represents in the range of 14-15% of revenue and so we are very mindful of what is going on there and we are watching that very, very closely. If that is the specific vertical you are referring to. 
Brad Zelnick  Bank of America: I was looking across any vertical that might be relevant going into the December quarter. If I could just ask a quick follow-up for James, can you just qualify for us the exact impact of cash tax payments in the quarter year-over-year?
James Beer:  I mentioned on the call over $100 million. Very close to that figure. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Brett Thill  Citigroup. 
Brett Thill  Citigroup: Getting back to the consumer business, one of your large software peers was I think pretty surprised by the up tick of the sub-$500 PC or net books. As you look at the impact to your cash and your consumer security business what impact can you assume these net books are going to have an impact on as it looks right now this is about 1/3 of the PC growth. Is there any impact at all? 
John Thompson:  I think the point is no one is going to go on the internet without our security software. I think that is the most important point independent of the price you pay for the underlying computer what we have seen is what matters is the data on that computer you dont want to risk losing the data or your identity and you dont want to risk having problems with what you are doing on that PC. So I think the price point of the PC is not indicative around the demand for our security software. 
Enrique Salem:  I think in addition to that the question we all have to ask is if customers are so price sensitive they would trade down to a $500 PC is it more likely in this economic environment they would do nothing. Im not sure there is a marginal material difference between the PC they have and the one that costs $500. I think the issue about price sensitive markets is more about whether or not they will buy a new PC at all, not whether or not there will be software on it. 
Brett Thill  Citigroup: For James can you just give us the ending headcount and also comment on the linearity? It sounded like it was more like 10/20/70 month to month versus your historical average closer to 20/30/50 this last quarter. 
James Beer:  Our headcount for September was right under 18,000 and what was the point about linearity again? 
Brett Thill  Citigroup: Just in terms if you looked at it month to month what portion of the revenue came first, second, third? 
James Beer:  Of the revenue, that would have been a normal characteristic month to month during the quarter. You see the pausing of spending commitments that we have been referring to came very late in the quarter itself so it would have had a relatively minor impact on recognized revenue. It really impacted deferred revenue. 
Brett Thill  Citigroup: So the bookings was more back end loaded this quarter than past quarters? 
James Beer:  No, I wouldnt characterize it that way either. Yes from the extent that the last day or two we saw fewer bookings than we would have normally expected, so if anything I suppose mathematically it means they were more front end loaded. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Daniel Ives - Friedman Billings Ramsey. 
Daniel Ives - Friedman Billings Ramsey: On the Message Labs acquisition what is the financial impact from that acquisition in the December quarter? 
James Beer:  For the December quarter, well a relatively modest impact because we are not presuming we would close that deal until well towards the back end of the quarter. 
Daniel Ives - Friedman Billings Ramsey: Could you just walk us through this environment, are you doing anything differently to get deals done? 
John Thompson:  I think that we are obviously sensitive to what is happening to our customers. But we are not changing or go to market strategy at all. We are sensitive to what is the term of the agreement they are looking for but I dont expect to see any material difference to deals we have done over the last year. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Michael Turits  Raymond James. 
Michael Turits  Raymond James : Obviously the consumer and enterprise security are the weaker segments this quarter with storage very strong. Great to see, are you confident that is sustainable? Obviously with the other two segments so weak even if we are going to see this level of constant currency growth we need to see storage continue to really out perform. 
John Thompson:  We think this is about the strength and diversity of our portfolio. That at any given moment in time we may have a weaker segment than we would hope or expect but that will be offset by strength in another sector or segment and we have been trying to build a business for the last 4-5 years that is about diversity. Product diversity, customer base diversity and geographic diversity. Sometimes those points work to your advantage and some times they work against you. Clearly currencies worked against us this quarter. That was a challenge, if you will, with the geographic side. But by contrast the storage business performing as well as it did really does underpin the validity we think in our portfolio strategy and our ability to go to large customers and say you have an array of things you can do with us. Lets sit down and structure a transaction that reflects spending across the domains of activity we have that could in fact lead to stronger market share for us on the back end of this economic downturn. 
Enrique Salem:  I think something that is going on that is helping us is the volume of data is continuing to increase at a very, very rapid rate. So we are seeing 60% data volume increases year-over-year and so that fires an increase in data protection technology. So you need our back up technology and given the rapid expansion of data or the rapid growth in data you need to also look at new technologies like disk space technologies to allow you to complete those back ups in the time frame in the back up windows you have. So we believe that this rapid growth in data volumes and the requirements for new technologies are both going to contribute to strength in our storage and data protection business. 
Michael Turits  Raymond James : On the security and compliance side, assuming demand in the macro environment stays about where it is are there things that are taking place in that business in the security and compliance business that would suggest that can begin to accelerate even in an environment that looks like this one? For example, the not as great as expected exceptions of SAP in mid-market. So can we see an acceleration in that market even if things stay bad? 
John Thompson:  There are two things going on. One, I think the new maintenance release for Symantec End Point protection I think is going to be a net positive for all segments but especially the mid market. I think the second area, we just launched our new control compliance suite which is our integrated set of compliance technologies and I do believe the combination of using an agent and agent-less approach is going to help the performance of the security and compliance. 
Michael Turits  Raymond James : One clarification for James, you said you expect to keep the opEx at the September quarter level including right up until the fourth quarter. I assume that does not include Message Labs in the fourth quarter. 
James Beer:  That is correct. I am assuming the cost associated with PC Tools but not Message Labs. 
Michael Turits  Raymond James : Any rough thought on what that will contribute to expenses in the fourth quarter? 
James Beer:  No. I wont throw out that estimate right now. We are still working through that. 
Operator:  The next question comes from John DiFucci  JP Morgan. 
John DiFucci  JP Morgan: I just want to be clear John and Enrique that the deals that did slip out of the last quarter it doesnt sound like you have seen any of them close yet. Or did some of them or any of them close? 
John Thompson:  We have seen some close. It would be typical with normal patterns. Every quarter you have deals slip. Some of those deals do get done in the first week or first month of the subsequent quarter. I think what was the bigger surprise to us this quarter was the sheer volume of not just the number but the dollar number of what slipped. 
John DiFucci  JP Morgan: Also to be clear it doesnt sound like these were especially large deals and slipped. It is just a mass of mid to smaller deals? 
John Thompson:  They were a range. There was a full range. There was at least one really big one we were looking at and there were a number of others we would have loved to have gotten. So it is the typical pipeline management issue. 
John DiFucci  JP Morgan: James on the cash tax issue, going forward because you can manage that in certain ways and it sounds like it hurt you this quarter but may have helped you perhaps a year ago or so. What should we be thinking about that going forward? Cash flow still looks pretty decent but I just want to make sure we dont get surprised if you have to pay a higher cash tax rate for several quarters. 
James Beer:  I would characterize our cash tax payment in the September quarter as really typical of what we will see in each of the quarters of this fiscal year. Nothing abnormal in this quarters payment.  It was September a year ago where we had the abnormality. 
John DiFucci  JP Morgan: Was there an abnormality in the December quarter a year ago? 
James Beer:  December, no. We were a little bit light on cash taxes versus where we normally would have been but not to the degree that we saw in September of 2007. 
John DiFucci  JP Morgan: Im sorry to keep asking this but also for the March and June quarters, were those sort of normalized? 
James Beer:  I would characterize the March of last year and June of this fiscal year as more normal. 
Operator:  The final question comes from Israel Hernandez  Barclays Capital. 
Israel Hernandez  Barclays Capital: Can you talk about the performance of EMEA; I think it was up 3% year-over-year? Did you see any patterns that were different from the events you described at the end of the quarter? Were there any particular standouts or any countries that performed any better or worse relative to your expectations? 
John Thompson:  Candidly, UK and France were weaker than we expected. The UK is our largest region within the EMEA territory and it had a weaker close as did France than we would have expected. By contrast, Germany had a very solid quarter and as some of you will recall we have been working on building and improving our business in Germany for quite some time and we were pleased to see the performance in Germany during the September quarter. That said, better performance in the UK and France would have certainly helped overall Europe results. 
James Beer:  I think it is fair to say that Eastern Europe and the Middle East were strong. 
John Thompson:  Correct. They just need to be bigger thats all. 
Operator:  That is our final question today. Mr. Thompson I will turn the call back over to you. 
John Thompson:  Thank you very much everyone for dialing in. We posted strong, solid earnings performance in the September quarter. We have our eye on the issues we think we need to manage in this uncertain economic environment, not just in terms of what products we deliver and the strength of the relationships we have with our customers but what we do on the cost side of our business to make sure we are being thoughtful and prudent.  We believe that the strength of our portfolio, the strength of our balance sheet and quite frankly the resolve of our team will help to carry us through during these uncertain economic times.  We look forward to communicating with you about our progress as the quarter unfolds.  Thanks very much.

===== 2009 Q1  (2008-07-30 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Helyn Corcos  VP, Investor Relations John Thompson  Chairman & CEO James Beer  Executive VP & CFO Enrique Salem  COO
Analysts:  Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs Heather Bellini - UBS Brett Thill  Citigroup Adam Holt  Morgan Stanley  Philip Winslow - Credit Suisse Israel Hernandez - Lehman Brothers Daniel Ives - Friedman Billings Ramsey John DiFucci  JP Morgan Katherine Egbert - Jefferies and Company Robert Breza - RBC Capital Markets Walter Pritchard  Cowen & Company Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank Tim Klasell - Thomas Weisel Partners Garrett Bekker  Merrill Lynch Philip Rueppel - Wachovia Securities Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities Steven Ashley  Robert W. Baird & Co. 
Operator: Good day and welcome to Symantec first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Helyn Corcos, Vice President of Investor Relations; please go ahead.
Helyn Corcos: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our fiscal first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. With me today are John Thompson, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Symantec; Enrique Salem, Chief Operating Officer; and James Beer, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  In a moment I will turn the call over to John. He will provide high level comments on the company, Enrique will follow with quarterly highlights and James will wrap it up with the review of the financials and our guidance as outlined in the press release. This will be followed by a question and answer session. Todays call is being recorded and will be available for replay on Symantecs Investor Relations homepage at www.symantec.com/invest. A copy of todays press release and supplemental financial information are available on our website and a copy of todays prepared remarks will be available on the Investor Relations website shortly after the call is completed.  During the June, 2008 quarter we reclassified the Altiris Services revenue from Security and Compliance to the Services segment. We have provided the corresponding historical comparisons in our press release and supplemental information which has been has been posted on our website.  Before we begin Id like to remind everyone that some of the information discussed on this call, including our projections regarding revenue, operating results, deferred revenue, cash flow from operations, amortization of acquisition-related intangibles, and stock-based compensation for the coming quarter contain forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the statements. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties can be found in the companys most recent periodic reports filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. Symantec assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.  In addition to reporting financial results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals or GAAP, Symantec reports non-GAAP financial results. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP results which can be found in the press release and on our website.  And now I would like to introduce our CEO, Mr. John Thompson.
John Thompson: Thanks Helyn and good afternoon everyone. Im excited by the teams ability to execute our operating plan and deliver solid June quarter results. Performance was strong in all geographies with international growth remaining robust and with North America posting strong double-digit results.  The sales force continues to focus on up-sell and cross-sell opportunities resulting in record June quarter large transaction volumes. Healthy spending on storage management solutions continued during the quarter as growth in data volumes continues for our customers around the world. In addition our investments in higher growth areas like archiving and data protection are paying off. As an example, the integration of our de-duplication technology with Net Backup has ignited an important growth opportunity for us and our archiving business continues to build on its market leading position. The June quarter results highlight the critical nature of our product portfolio to customers around the world. In addition we saw CIOs of large enterprises purchase more products from Symantec as they strive to reduce the number of vendors they much manage. This is a trend we expect to continue particularly during these more challenging economic times. In addition to strong revenue and earnings results our deferred revenue and strong cash flow generation during the June quarter underscored the financial strength of our company. This performance is a terrific start to our fiscal year. Looking ahead we believe the pipeline for September is strong and visibility continues to improve.  We intend to leverage our core strengths in endpoint security, data protection, storage management and our consumer franchise to accelerate new growth opportunities. We will continue to up-sell new functionalities and drive incremental business across our global customer base. And we will continue to invest in areas such as software as a service and virtualization. At our Financial Analyst Day we provided an update on our endpoint virtualization strategy as one of our emerging growth areas. Additionally according to IDC the X86 server virtualization market is growing in excess of 25% annually and is expected to exceed $3 billion by 2011. We made a number of important moves over the last few years to position our company to be able to take advantage of these opportunities. They include the purchase of Altiris with its software virtualization solution; that acquisition of AppStream to compliment the SVS solution as well as the recent announcement of our Veritas Virtualization Infrastructure Solution.  So let me put our strategic intent around virtualization in context for you today. At the endpoint our strategy is based on freeing valuable information from the underlying systems functions. Today important enterprise information is scattered across a broad range of devices from PDAs to storage arrays. This valuable information is deeply entangled with other data such as operating systems and application code, which is far less valuable to any enterprise. We believe that virtualization when properly applied can decouple information that matters from the rest of IT environment so that it can be independently secured and managed. To help our customers achieve this benefit Symantec is infusing virtualization capabilities across our portfolio from server management and high availability to security. For instance in the data center, server and storage virtualization coupled together can separate unique information from redundant copies of an application or operating system, dramatically lowering storage costs. In June we announced the Veritas Virtual Infrastructure as the only product that can provide a total server and storage management solution for both virtual and physical environments. Available on the X86 platform this will allow us to leverage our customers interest in Linux and Windows service consolidation. On the endpoint the user experience can be separated from the OS and application to provide better portability in todays highly mobile environment. Together Symantecs application streaming technology and our client software virtualization solution provides end users with the applications they require on demand allowing IT managers to optimize the cost of delivery of critical applications without impacting the users experience. We believe customers will use virtualization technologies to help them simplify their environments by separating out the information that matters from that which does not and we believe Symantec is well positioned to help them secure and manage that information by putting virtualization to work across our portfolio.  With enterprise data volumes doubling every two years we believe we have the right products right now with additional enhancements and innovations planned to meet the critical need to secure and manage the information explosion. We will continue to strengthen our position in both our consumer and enterprise customers around the world as this opportunity represents a significant growth catalyst for our company. With that Ill turn it over to Enrique who will provide some details on the June quarter highlights.
Enrique Salem: Thanks John and good afternoon everyone, Im very pleased with the strong performance or our team during the June quarter. Sales activity continued to improve around the world with all regions posting double-digit revenue growth. In addition all key product areas generated strong growth. The sales force executed well, effectively up-selling and cross-selling the broader Symantec portfolio. This was evident in our large transactions. During the June quarter we generated a total of 336 transactions valued at more than $300,000 each, up 35% compared to 249 transactions in the year-ago quarter.  We generated 85 transactions worth more than $1 million each, up 77% compared to the 48 transactions in the June, 2007 quarter. In addition nearly 80% of all large transactions included multiple products or services driven by the trend that large enterprises prefer to deal with fewer vendors. During the quarter we generated strong sales and revenue performance across all of our segments and geographies. Within our storage and server management segment our data protection business posted outstanding results as we continue to extend our leadership position by gaining market share from our competitors. The revenue from our backup business grew by more than 20% year-over-year. Sales of Net Backup 6.5 were driven by our unique capabilities around virtual machine protection, disk data protection, and by our de-duplication technology in pure disk. During the quarter we launched a Beta version of our new Continuous Data Protection Technology. This innovative technology dramatically reduces IT risk and improves backup and recovery service levels. At the same time it minimizes infrastructure costs through advanced disk space protection and more efficient usage of server and storage resources. This product has already garnered interest from our customer base.  Backup Exec 12 which launched in mid-February continues to perform extremely well in the small and mid market segments. We also continue to leverage technology between Net Backup and Backup Exec in order to deliver innovation across our product portfolio across all market segments.  We protect more than half the worlds data and we will continue to bring next generation technology to the market in a timely manner. On the data center side of the business our storage foundation products their best result in years. The performance was driven by our customers desire to simplify their data center infrastructure and reduce costs by standardizing the storage management software across their heterogeneous environments. In our security and compliance segment our market leading endpoint security franchise posted strong results and generated double-digit year-over-year revenue growth. Customers value Symantec endpoint protections superior feature set and smaller footprint. We continue to garner new customers and have won a number of competitive displacements.  Our endpoint management business generated strong sales activity and posted year-over-year revenue growth in the high teens. We continue to see strong win rates against our competitors. In the June quarter we announced the release of new Symantec Endpoint Management Suite. This suite defines the next generation of integrated best-of-breed systems management, endpoint security, and backup and recovery. The Suite uniquely differentiates Symantec versus others in this marketplace. We believe our integrated approach provides organizations with the visibility into and control of an entire endpoint environment thereby minimizing the exposure of security and compliance risks. Looking ahead one of our key product deliverables this year is Altiris 7.0 built on the Symantec open collaborative architecture.  It provides us the opportunity to integrate other Symantec solutions such as our endpoint products within this new architecture. Now moving on to our archiving business we continue to win against our competition in the archiving space. Enterprise Vault had another outstanding quarter with revenue posting 30% year-over-year growth.  We believe Enterprise Vault has become the de facto standard for addressing the ever increasing regulations around E discovery. Once again Gardner positioned Enterprise Vault in the leaders quadrant of the 2008 Magic Quadrant for Email Archiving. In addition for the fifth consecutive time we are the only, the only vendor positioned in the leadership quadrant.  Our Vontu team had the best quarter in their history. The continued momentum of our data loss prevention business demonstrates the successful integration of our teams. During the quarter we closed our largest DLP deal ever and we won our largest international deal to date. Gardner recently positioned us Vontu Data Loss Prevention 8 in the leaders quadrant for constant monitoring, filtering and data loss prevention.  DLP is a key component in Symantecs product strategy to secure and manage the worlds information. Now moving to the consumer business, we continue to enhance our leadership position by delivering the most innovative products and services that address the evolving needs of customers today. Our Suite products, Norton Internet Security and Norton 360, continue to perform well increasing their share of total consumer sales and driving ASPs higher. Norton 360 now represents almost 25% of our consumer revenue and more than 35% of consumer sales. During the quarter we closed the Swap Drives acquisition. With the explosion of digital information such as photos, music and videos consumers have more files on their computers than ever before. Adding Swap Drives technology into the Norton portfolio gives consumers access to a world class service to help secure and manage their information. While we already leveraged swap drives online backup service in Norton 360, this acquisition allows us to enhance operating results for this product and gives us the capability to utilize Swap Drives online backup and storage platform in our other consumer offerings.  Our consumer services continue to generate strong customer interest. Our most popular services such as PC Tune-up, PC Installation and Green PC are finding that these services lead to higher customer satisfaction levels and build even greater loyalty for the Norton family of products.  We also recently launched the public Betas of the 2009 editions of Norton Anti Virus and Norton Internet Security. The 2009 products have been designed to be the fastest security products in the industry. This is supported by more than 300 improvements that span nearly every aspect of the product from the scanning engines to the user interface.  Examples include an install time of one minute or less with one click; the industrys fastest update capability and memory usage reduced to less than 50% of our nearest competitor. Our Beta users are consistently giving us high marks for performance and usability and finally we expect these products to ship during the usual September timeframe.  Looking ahead the September quarter pipeline looks strong and I believe security and storage are priority areas for IT spending even in this environment.  And with that Ill hand the call over to James. 
James Beer: Thank you Enrique and good afternoon everyone. It is very encouraging to see the combination of consistent execution, further margin expansion and solid cash generation driving better results in each of our four key financial metrics. First Ill review with you the financial details of the June quarter which as a reminder included 14 weeks of activity versus the normal 13 weeks. GAAP revenue came in at $1.65 billion, non-GAAP revenue grew 16% over the June, 2007 period to $1.66 billion driven by both our success in selling more to our installed base as well as new customers around the world. Our June quarter revenue included approximately $75 million of one-time benefit generated from the extra week. Foreign currency movements positively impacted non-GAAP revenue by seven percentage year-over-year. The June quarters fully diluted GAAP earnings per share were $0.22, non-GAAP fully dilute earnings per share for the quarter were $0.40, up 38% year-over-year reflecting that even as our top line growth strengthened we continued to judiciously manage expenses. Our June quarter EPS included approximately $0.03 of one-time benefit generated from the extra week. International non-GAAP revenue of $866 million grew 19% versus the year-ago period with all regions posting double-digit growth. International revenue accounted for 52% of total non-GAAP revenue. We are also particularly pleased with the Americas performance which grew 13% year-over-year. Now Id like to move on to non-GAAP revenue by segment. The consumer business generated record revenue of $473 million up 12% versus the June, 2007 quarter. Electronic distribution grew by more than 20% year-over-year reaching a new high of nearly 80% of our total consumer revenue.  Online sales were driven primarily by strong subscription renewals, ISP and OEM activity. In the enterprise arena the competitiveness of our security, availability and services solutions along with excellent sales execution drove the improved top line growth. Storage and server management segment generated revenue of $616 million up 20% as compared to the June, 2007 results driven by strong data protection and storage management performance.  Our security and compliance segment generated revenue of $449 million up 12% versus the year-ago period. Our endpoint security products generated record revenue during the quarter growing approximately 10% year-over-year. We were also pleased with the performance of our endpoint management team for posting another very solid quarter.  In addition we continued to see strong double-digit growth from our industry leading archiving solutions. Our services segment generated revenue of $117 million, up 35% year-over-year representing 7% of our total revenue. We continue to focus on improving the cost efficiency of our services operations and we are pleased with the contribution improvements that the group has made during the past couple of quarters.  Please note that we have reclassified the Altiris services revenue from security and compliance to the services segment. We have provided the corresponding historical comparisons on the Investor Relations website.  Non-GAAP gross margin increased 170 basis points to 86.5% for the June, 2008 as compared to the year-ago period. This is as a result of our cost of goods sold remaining approximately constant year-over-year while revenue grew by more than $230 million. Improved revenue production and a focus on cost management have also increased non-GAAP operating margins for the June quarter to 29.3% up 360 basis points year-over-year. This is the third consecutive quarter in which operating margins have increased strongly versus the prior year. As I mentioned at our Financial Analyst Day strong top line performance can lead to operating margin improvements above our planned annual goal of 100 basis points year-over-year. GAAP net income was $187 million for the June, 2008 quarter. Non-GAAP net income was $342 million, up 30% year-over-year. We excited June with a cash and short-term investments balance of nearly $2.3 billion. During the June quarter we repurchased 9.7 million shares at an average price of $20.55. This $200 million repurchase volume is consistent with our annual target of spending half of our cash flow from operations on share buybacks.  Our net accounts receivable balance at the end of the June, 2008 quarter was $652 million. Days sales outstanding or DSO was 36 days, in line with normal seasonal trends. Cash flow from operating activities for the June quarter was up 18% to $414 million as compared to the June, 2007 quarter primarily due to strong collections and the benefit from prior period litigation settlements offset by increased cash tax payments. GAAP deferred revenue at the end of June, 2008 was approximately $3.01 billion. Non-GAAP deferred revenue grew 12% year-over-year to $3.02 billion assisted by strong selling activity particularly at the end of the quarter. Foreign currency movements positively impacted non-GAAP deferred revenue by seven percentage points year-over-year. Our deferred revenue included a one-time negative impact of approximately $5 million from the June quarters extra week.  As you may recall in May, 2006 we paid $130 million of additional US taxes associated with repatriation of offshore funds by Veritas in 2005. Earlier this month we reached a settlement with the IRS which we expect will result in our obligation being only 10% of the original $130 million at issue. Now Id like to spend a few minutes discussing our expectations for the September quarter which as I noted earlier contains only 13 weeks. We expect GAAP revenue to be in the range of $1.52 billion to $1.56 billion. Non-GAAP revenue is estimated to be in the range of $1.525 billion to $1.565 billion as compared to $1.437 billion in the September, 2007 quarter. GAAP earnings per share are forecasted to be in the range of between $0.15 and $0.17. Non-GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be in the range of between $0.34 and $0.36 as compared to $0.29 in the year-ago period. At the end of the September quarter we expect GAAP deferred revenue to be between $2.865 billion and $2.965 billion. We expect non-GAAP deferred revenue to be between $2.875 billion and $2.975 billion as compared to $2.62 billion at the end of September, 2007. We expect about 64% or approximately $990 million of our September quarter revenue to come from the balance sheet. This percentage once again illustrates the degree of predictability that we have built into our income statement during the last few years.  This guidance assumes a common stock equivalents total for the quarter of approximately 860 million shares. We have also assumed an exchange rate of $1.53 per euro for the September quarter.  In closing we are very pleased with the June quarter results and are encouraged with the prospect of building on this momentum during the September quarter.  And now Ill turn it back to Helyn so we can take some of your questions. 
Helyn Corcos: Id like to announce that Symantec plans to attend the Pacific Crest Conference on August 5th, the Citi Conference on September 3rd, and Deutsche Bank Conference on September 11th. Finally we will be reporting our fiscal second quarter results on October 29th. For a complete list of the investor related events, please visit our events calendar on the Investor Relations website. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: On the enterprise security side, could you talk about the penetration of SEP 11 to date and whats next there, what keeps driving the enterprise security business from here?
Enrique Salem: I think when you look at our success rate with SEP we continue to see adoption by the larger customers. As you know when you initially ship a product, what happens is some of the larger customers are putting it in pilots and Beta testing. We are starting to see movement in the high end of the market. Now as you know some of the things that weve added to the product are not only the [NAC] functionality but also our encryption option that we partnered for and so that allows us to continue to drive the ASPs up for the per node sale of our product.  The other piece that weve done that I think is more interesting and I touched on it is that we are positioning to ship Altiris 7.0 where we bring together the management capabilities that we acquired when we bought Altiris and that allows us to further deliver on our vision of the only way you have a secure endpoint is it has to well managed. And so we feel very confident that itll continue to strengthen our position at the endpoint. 
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: You talk about the ASP going up on a per node basis, can you give us a sense for what that uplift is and then in particular if you can get someone to take the Altiris piece, are they paying double, effectively 100% again or what is it as a percent of what they would pay per node?
Enrique Salem: I think it varies on the contract size. If you look at it each segment is going to be a little bit different but definitely it enhances it because if you think about it, its a significant new functionality. Systems management is a whole category onto itself that weve not successfully integrated and quite frankly I think folks have got to start looking at it from the perspective of if you dont deliver both security and management, youve only got half the solution.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini - UBS
Heather Bellini  UBS: I was wondering if you could give us an idea, you are seeing great results in cross-selling and I was wondering how much of this would you say is due to the change in the sales force compensation and do you think youre getting the full benefit from the changes you made on that front as of yet?
Enrique Salem: When you look at it, these changes have been in the works through last fiscal year and this fiscal year and its still early to get the what I would say the full effect of the changes we made at the beginning of this new fiscal year. So I expect that the change will take effect as we go through the year and so theres more benefit to be derived from those changes. 
Heather Bellini  UBS: So does that mean that you expect the average sale of ASPs of your sales to increase over the course of the year if this plays out as expected?
Enrique Salem: I dont know that it has as much of an effect on the ASPs, what it does is it--
Heather Bellini  UBS: In terms of the average revenue per customer.
John Thompson: It will drive higher license content if anything as opposed to affect the ASP because the focus in the operating plan is for the team to try to drive net new licenses or new placements within an enterprise. So in that context perhaps you could translate that into higher ASP but in our view its much more about license content. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Thill  Citigroup
Brett Thill  Citigroup: On the deals over a million, last year in the first half those deals seemed to stall out and obviously youre showing a complete reversal of that trend with 85 up 77% year-over-year, can you just walk through what youre seeing, I know you mentioned theres an attach of additional multiple products but can you tell us whats being attached and if you look at product lines or it you look at seats?
Enrique Salem: I think youve got it exactly right and that is we are seeing multiple products being part of these larger transactions. I also think youre starting to see a little bit more of products that are not just either storage or security but the combination of the two. I think those are probably the two biggest factors plus I think as we mentioned, our storage foundation business had its best quarter in many years so I feel very good about some of our core data center products performed very, very well. So the combination of those three factors I think drove the large deal volume. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Holt  Morgan Stanley 
Adam Holt  Morgan Stanley : On the storage and server management business, you seem to have had a complete reversal or at least a real strengthening on the foundation business over the last several quarters you noted more broad based buying into the foundation consolidation vision, but can you talk about what you think is behind the recent strength in foundation and do you think its sustainable mid to high single-digit grow from here going forward?
Enrique Salem: I think when you look at the success there is folks are trying to manage down the costs of managing their infrastructure and when you look at what were able to do there the combination of having a common storage management layer that works across a heterogeneous environment absolutely helps folks reduce their costs.  The second thing is that weve added some new capabilities in products like Command Central storage where you can get much better utilization of your storage. So for example if you look at the Gardner data, 37% of storage is currently utilized in the enterprise. When you take a product like Command Central you can help customers drive down their costs of acquiring more storage which is an important aspect of this business. And quite frankly thats why we feel that we continue to do an even better job of driving more products into the data center.  The other aspect that I think is important is weve had tremendous sales force stability. I think if you look across last year compared to this year, our geographic leaders have been in place now for over a year, we also have our leadership team across all geographies being very, very stable and that translates into more affective and better results in our entire product line but specifically in storage and server foundations. 
Adam Holt  Morgan Stanley : On operating margins, even if you back out the impact of the extra week for the quarter you still had quite strong margins, better than we were looking for, you noted cost control and headcount in your commentary but are you also starting to see any potentially favorable impact from some of the consumer distribution deals starting to get more productive and more profitable?
James Beer: That is absolutely part of the equation. I think weve discussed in the past as to how the accounting for those new consumer OEM arrangements is the toughest in the earliest part of the contract and so we are starting to see now, now that the trial wave period has passed, now that weve been able to build our [take] rates and so forth, a better top line impact to go along with what had previously been a substantial cost line impact. 
Adam Holt  Morgan Stanley : So is it too early to say margins are stabilized there or are we comfortable that margins should be more stable in the consumer business going forward?
James Beer: Well were sticking by our long-term goal of 100 basis points improvement on margin year-over-year so I think Ill just leave it at that. Were obviously always going to be looking to over perform as we have done in this past quarter and thats going to be a combination of revenue growth and maintaining the discipline around the cost line. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Philip Winslow - Credit Suisse
Philip Winslow - Credit Suisse: Just on the sales force side, I wonder if you give us a sense for just attrition in sales force and how thats been trending over the past several quarters I know it seemed to hit a high point in the year-ago quarter, and then also we recently just saw an announcement of [Sofos] intent to acquire [Udimacko]. This is now your second competitor to move into the hard disk encryption market I know you have an OEM relationship there but does this affect your plans there at all?
Enrique Salem: When you look at attrition definitely its trending down in the sales force and that is to the point of having stability not only in the leadership team but also at the various levels of management. I think that definitely has a positive affect on our overall sales performance. 
John Thompson: Weve been quite pleased with the relationship with Guardian Edge. Obviously as the pipeline continue to build that represents a good opportunity for both of our companies. Weve made no decisions about changing that relationship or any other as I might add to purchase something in the encryption space. And so when we have something to say other than what were doing well talk about it then. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Israel Hernandez - Lehman Brothers
Israel Hernandez - Lehman Brothers: On the large deals, obviously a lot of success closing those during the quarter and over the last couple of quarters, any risk as we go into a more challenging macro environment that we could start to see some of these deals slip, how are you gauging the pipeline for these large deals and the predictability around those?
John Thompson: I think its fair to say that there are a number of customers out there that are cautious in their view of what their spending plans are for the second half of this calendar year and so we cant be unmindful of that but by the same token we happen to have key product portfolio items in security and storage management which are almost un-deferrable expenditures for them as their data volumes continue to grow. So as data volumes grow so will our business independent of perhaps the broader macroeconomic environment. While were not immune we think we do have some degree of insulation from that problem. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Ives - Friedman Billings Ramsey
Daniel Ives - Friedman Billings Ramsey: In regards to acquisitions especially on the private side, can you talk to being in an environment like this both on acquisitions and probably there are a lot of pickings out there, just how are you going through them and whats your thought process in regards to bolt-ons and what specific areas?
John Thompson: Most of the things that weve done of late have been small transactions, actually small private company transactions. I think as the liquidity opportunities for private companies continues to be challenging it would make it much more attractive for them to consider a strategic purchase by a buyer like Symantec. We believe that that will create an opportunity for us for the next few years because there are forecasts that would suggest theres going to be a tight IPO market for probably 12 to 18 months and so as we said at our Analyst Conference, we intend to continue to be acquisitive around the notion of securing and managing the worlds information content.  And to the extent that theres something out there that compliments that vision for us, you should expect to see us be active acquirers. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John DiFucci  JP Morgan
John DiFucci  JP Morgan: On guidance this quarter the numbers look really strong even if you back out that extra week and the guidance although looks decent at 7% revenue growth and calculated bookings and realizing some of the revenue comes off the balance sheet but with the deferred revenue anticipated sequentially to go down a little bit, about 5% calculated bookings growth foreign exchange is probably going to benefit you by about that much anyway, are you, just given the economic backdrop is itare you just trying to be prudent and whats happening out there in the world or was there something this quarter that perhaps you may see fall off a little bit like even in the backup business you said you were up about 20% year-over-year again yet the extra week but you had two big product releases and you think thatll sort of maintenance catch-up things might fall off or just trying to understand looking forward here?
James Beer: Were very optimistic about the September quarter. We feel as though weve got a strong pipeline coming into the quarter. The product portfolio if in terrific shape. Weve got important new products in late stages of development so we feel as though we have a lot of momentum as really has been evidenced by the results of recent quarters. As to how we set guidance, I wouldnt say that we have tried to take a different approach this quarter to the way we do it each quarter and obviously now its about doing our best, work hard to beat that guidance. But we have set it, we feel good and it very much reflects the momentum of the business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Katherine Egbert - Jefferies and Company
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies and Company: On the IRS settlement it looks like youre going to pay a lot less then what you thought, are you going to reverse the reserve on that and is it going to have an impact on cash flow this quarter?
James Beer: Well in terms of cash flow we wouldnt expect it to have an impact. We have another large tax issue that has just finished at trail that I suspect youre aware of and so I wouldnt see us having any refund necessarily. Well likely leave that money on deposit at the IRS so I wouldnt look for any particular cash flow impact and weve paid the taxes a couple of years back and so theres no particular reversal of any reserves to take care of either. 
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies and Company: You talked about the Analyst Day that you had a very good coverage ratio for the June quarter can you give us any indication what it looks like for September?
John Thompson: Its equally strong for September, I dont think we quoted a specific number in June for the June quarter but I would tell you that as we look at the statistics that we review weekly on salesforce.com we feel very, very strong about, are solid about whats going on this quarter and how deals greater than 50% [odds] the coverage for those are in our pipeline so were feeling good about the quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Breza - RBC Capital Markets
Robert Breza - RBC Capital Markets: On the consumer side, the new service offerings, can you give us a sense for volume that you saw in the quarter and maybe tell us about typical ASPs on some of those services?
Enrique Salem: The typical ASPs are anywhere from $49.00 to $69.00 and the products, as we mentioned, were getting some good take rates on the Tune-up service and given whats going on the Green PC service where we tune your PC to be more energy efficient is of interest to folks who are trying to do the right thing for the environment and conserve costs. So were where we would expect it to be with consumer services. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Walter Pritchard  Cowen & Company
Walter Pritchard  Cowen & Company: On the products, it seems like data protection is strong, its been strong for your competitors as well, is there some sort of recent up swell in this market or do you think you did mention youre taking share but it seems like everybody in this space is seeing pretty good growth?
John Thompson: I think whats driving this is data volumes for all of our customers are growing and to the extent that they have made a choice of a provider or a platform, that certainly gives you as the platform option the opportunity to grow as their volumes grow. In our particular case I think what youre seeing is the results of the team being very, very focused on integrating innovative technologies into the core Net Backup or Backup Exec products and with de-duplication now integrated into that backup with a number of really, really snazzy features in our Backup Exec product youre starting to see the market leader take share as it should always. 
Walter Pritchard  Cowen & Company: On the seasonality I know youre not guiding for the rest of the year, the seasonality is a little strange this quarter and next just because of the 14 weeks, should we expect sort of a return over the next couple of quarters to normal seasonality for the company?
James Beer: Yes you should, the only difference in seasonality for this fiscal year versus the norm is really driven by the June quarter having that extra 14th week. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank: Weve seen in software some of the very large vendors starting to take pricing up on their installed base, if you look at your business especially on the storage side, do you think you have any kind of pricing power if you look out over the next two or three years?
John Thompson: Its hard to even think about pricing power when our customers are hurting economically and so I think we look at new functions and capabilities that we want to deliver into the marketplace and I think the best way to exercise price power if you want to call it that is through new innovation. Customers are certainly willing to pay for new innovation; theyre less willing to pay for across the board price increases. We just dont think thats the smart thing to do particularly in challenging economic times. 
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank: On the consumer side, I recognize that the revenue is very visible coming off of the balance sheet but if you look at it from a bookings perspective how much visibility do you have on the consumer business and what kind of expectations or concerns do you have if we get a general macro slowdown and the consumer business decelerates?
John Thompson: Clearly with 80% or more of the activity being online we have very, very solid visibility into daily if not weekly activity in the online channel. We operate with a sell through and a reporting structure that allows us to understand whats going on at retail and if anything we worry about a continued decline in retail as a part of our overall consumer business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Klasell - Thomas Weisel Partners
Tim Klasell - Thomas Weisel Partners: Have you seen any change in the behavior of the consumer i.e. swapping out products, renewal rates, anything like that?
Enrique Salem: Actually weve seen consistent behavior in our online business as we noted, a combination of strong performance in online and weakening in retail has now become 80% of our overall business and as John stated we have good visibility into how many users come back to our sites, renewal rates havent been affected from what we can tell and our products are necessary for anyone who wants to go online and uses a PC so we havent seen any changes there. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Garrett Bekker  Merrill Lynch
Garrett Bekker  Merrill Lynch: I know you had mentioned awhile ago that heading into June the pipeline was maybe the strongest you had seen in quite awhile so could you talk a little bit about the linearity and also on maybe the close rates that youve seen and how your close rates, maybe youve thought about that as youve looked ahead with your guidance?
John Thompson: Well if I were to reflect on the June quarter what I would say is because our quarter closed on July 4th it was a much smoother quarter close then we have historically had. And so we did not have the back end loaded last day, last 48 hour kind of activity in the June quarter that weve seen in other quarters. Ironically enough as we move forward to this quarter we have a similar situation where the quarter will close on October 3rd I think, which should give us a chance to kind of smooth things out because of normal behavior if you will of our customers who would tend to look to the last day of the quarter as the last day in which we would be looking to book a deal.  In terms of visibility as I had mentioned earlier, we opened this quarter with very, very good pipeline coverage. As you look at deals in the pipeline with 50% or greater odds, look at deals with total odds, all of those things are very solid consistent with similar metrics as we entered the June quarter. So we feel good about our business and we feel even better about quite frankly how the team is executing around the world. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Philip Rueppel - Wachovia Securities
Philip Rueppel - Wachovia Securities: We talked a lot about how the strength in big deals was a key contributor to the revenue outperformance, can you talk about the other end of the spectrum, SMB, were there any changes there, was that also strong, and looking forward is that a segment that might be more at risk due to the economic headwinds or does it have a similar characteristic as your large customers?
Enrique Salem: While we saw good traction in our large deals, I think in some ways its easier to highlight whats happened at the high end of the market or the larger deals but we did see performance across all product lines and all segments and across the geographies. And so what that means to us is that we are getting the benefit of our broader portfolio and that our products are necessary in this current environment.  The other thing is we mentioned that our Backup Exec business in our backup business was growing at 20%, a lot of the success of that product line is in the SMB segment where you get a lot of folks who are using the Windows platform and were clearly the market leader in backup and recovery for the small and medium sized companies so we havent seen any changes there and dont expect anything to be different in the September quarter. 
Philip Rueppel - Wachovia Securities: The strength in DLP the Vontu deals, are they still primarily standalone or are you starting to see them be part of the big deals, part of the overall Symantec solution?
Enrique Salem: I think that what were getting right now is while we continue to do large standalone deals you are seeing the benefits of the other parts of the security portfolio and whats important in DLP that initially it was DLP at the network level, now what youre seeing our customers say is they want the benefit at the endpoint and so given our strong position at the endpoint with Symantec Endpoint Protection, the Altiris client management suite, we think that the combination of DLP, systems management and our core endpoint security products gives us a very strong position and we can definitely see DLP becoming part of more and more of our security deals. 
John Thompson: The typical sell cycle for a DLP deal will range in the six to nine month range, closer to nine then six, and so what we are seeing is really, really good cooperation at the field level between the Vontu team and the established Symantec account managers and I think as time goes on as those relationships continue to build and get stronger I dont know that well improve the sell cycle but I think we can expect to see much, much broader deal coverage of very large deals given the nature of the technology itself. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities: Can you talk about your revenue yield on billings business, if I look at the overage on revenue and the overage on deferred relative to guidance it seemed like your in period revenue realization was a little bit better then you had forecasted, is that a function of product set or is there something else going on there?
James Beer: I think there are a few different things going on here, I think as weve said a few times, the product set is strong, weve seen good traction behind new recent releases like NBU 6.5, SEP 11 obviously been very important as well. At the same time we have continued the theme of the last year and a half or so now of really close cooperation between those out there on the front line doing the selling and the back office so that we get cleanly written contracts, contracts that allow us to take some of our selling activity into revenue during the period in which the deal is booked.  In addition Enrique alluded to earlier the new comp model, so its a variety of different things that are allowing us to see a better revenue yield in period and thats particularly encouraging when you remember that in the June quarter last year we had strong revenue performance. So a relatively tough year-over-year revenue comp for us. So very pleased with that overall result. 
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities: If we look at that extra $75 million that impacted the quarter is the mix pretty consistent which is the general mix of business or was there one area that benefited more from the extra week?
James Beer: No Id say its pretty much a mix of the overall business; I wouldnt call out anything in particular there. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Steven Ashley  Robert W. Baird & Co.
Steven Ashley  Robert W. Baird & Co.: On the continuous data protection feature that youre going to be offering, in terms of timing is that something that we might see this quarter and is that an add-on feature to both the Net Backup and the Backup Exec products?
Enrique Salem: That feature is very important because as John has highlighted as data volumes go up folks are struggling to complete their backups and given the amount of data that needs to be backed up so this new technology, the new improvement allows you to continue to backup all of the critical information without having to worry about is the backup not going to complete in the backup window. The functionality is going to be obviously part of both our high end Net Backup product and our Backup Exec technology. Its definitely going to be included or definitely going to be an add-on to the Net Backup 6.5 platform and it is a for-fee offering. Meaning its an up-sell for the customer. 
Steven Ashley  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Is Altiris 7 in Beta use right now? 
Enrique Salem: Absolutely. 
Steven Ashley  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Is there any feedback by people using that and integrating it with the SEP 11 product?
Enrique Salem: I think the feedback were getting is positive because one of the great things that weve added is a new work flow engine that allows us to do a better job of not only managing the existing environment but also integrating with the other applications that the customer has and so feedback has been positive. We have deliverables this quarter to some of our partners and as we said this product will be available this fall. 
Operator:  There are no further questions; at this time I would like to turn the call back over to management for any closing remarks. 
John Thompson: Thank you very much for joining in this afternoon. Im quite proud of our teams performance in the June quarter. We have a very solid pipeline and very strong visibility as we head into September. Execution is improving, our product portfolio is quite strong and so I think were starting to hit our stride and Im quite proud of our team and thanks for doing another great job guys.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-04-30 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Helyn Corcos  VP, Investor Relations John Thompson  Chairman & CEO James Beer  Executive VP & CFO Enrique Salem  COO
Analysts:  Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs Heather Bellini - UBS Brett Thill  Citigroup Israel Hernandez - Lehman Brothers Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank Daniel Ives - Friedman Billings Ramsey Aaron Schwartz - JP Morgan Philip Winslow - Credit Suisse Katherine Egbert - Jefferies and Company Robert Breza - RBC Capital Markets Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities Tim Klasell - Thomas Weisel Partners Philip Rueppel - Wachovia Securities
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to Symantecs fourth quarter and fiscal year end 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Helyn Corcos, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Helyn Corcos: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. With me today are John Thompson, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Symantec; Enrique Salem, Chief Operating Officer; and James Beer, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. In a moment I will turn the call over to John. He will provide high level comments on our fiscal fourth quarter and year end results which ended March 28, 2008, as well as provide an overview of objectives for fiscal year 2009. Enrique will follow with highlights and James will wrap it up with a review of the financial details and a discussion of our guidance as outlined in the press release. This will be followed by a question and answer session. Todays call is being recorded and will be available for replay on Symantecs Investor Relations homepage at www.symantec.com/invest. A copy of todays press release and supplemental financial information are available on our website and a copy of todays prepared remarks will be available on the Investor Relations website shortly after the call is completed.  During the March, 2008 quarter we modified the definition of our segments in order to best focus our efforts and maximize the cross-utilization of our resources and expertise. We consolidated two of our business segments, the Security and Data Management Group and the Altiris Group into one segment called the Security and Compliance Group. We also moved our Backup Exec product from the Security and Data Management Group to join our Net Backup Products in the Server and Storage Management segment. Our Consumer and Services segments remain unchanged. We provided historical compares for these new segments in our press release and supplemental information which has been posted on our website.  Before we begin Id like to remind everyone that some of the information discussed on this call, including our projections regarding revenue, operating results, deferred revenue, cash flow from operations, amortization of acquisition-related intangibles, and stock-based compensation for the coming quarter contains forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the statements. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties can be found in the companys most recent periodic reports filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. Symantec assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.  In addition to reporting financial results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals or GAAP, Symantec reports non-GAAP financial results. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP results which can be found in the press release and on our website.  And now I would like to introduce our CEO, Mr. John Thompson.
John Thompson: Thanks Helyn and good afternoon everyone. We are pleased to announce another record revenue and earnings quarter for Symantec; our fifth in a row. More importantly we were quite pleased with the momentum weve built over the past several quarters and Im particularly proud of our team and their efforts and accomplishments. This performance is a great close to fiscal 08 and a good start to fiscal 09. In addition to strong revenue and earnings results, our deferred revenue and strong cash flow generation during the March quarter underscore the strength of our business. This strength was driven by our broad portfolio of offerings and continued focus on solid execution. In addition to continued solid performance in our consumer segment, there were a number of key product areas that delivered strong double-digit growth including email archiving, storage management, backup, and systems management.  Throughout fiscal year 08 we made significant progress in cross-selling and up-selling an expanded portfolio of Symantecs products and services to both new and existing customers. In addition adjustments to sales and marketing programs as well as improved execution fueled more than 1,500 large deals during the year. We fortified our strength at the endpoint with the addition of Altiris and Vontu. We believe the combination of Symantec and Altiris will enable our customers to better manage and enforce security policies at the endpoint, identify and protect against threats as well as remediate and manage IT assets. Vontu has enabled us to immediately achieve a leadership position in the rapidly growing market for data loss prevention solutions. These transactions represent a natural extension of our security strategy and reflect the way our customers have told us they want to manage their infrastructure. We launched innovative new products in areas of the market where we already have strong leadership positions. For example in Backup we added Disk Space Backup to our market-leading backup products and introduced new Enterprise Storage Management to our foundation platform for more efficient use of storage resources.  Another example of our product innovation was the creation of a powerful single agent for addressing multiple security threats at the enterprise endpoint and the introduction of Online Backup for consumers and enterprises alike. We exit the fiscal year with the strongest product portfolio weve had in years. Im pleased to say that we were able to accomplish these developments while managing our expenses and delivering on our long-term objective of improving operating margins by 100 basis points per year. We believe weve entered the new fiscal year with momentum and we are well positioned for continued success. The pipeline is strong and visibility continues to improve. During this fiscal year we intend to leverage our core strengths in Endpoint Protection and Backup to slingshot new growth opportunities, up-sell new functionalities and drive incremental business. There are several areas of focus for this fiscal year that should further strengthen our operating returns. First we have a rich portfolio of products and services with a number of key product introductions scheduled during the year which Enrique will highlight in a moment. Second we have successfully added a number of new technologies and businesses into Symantec that can be leveraged across our portfolio. Third we are refocusing our investments toward higher growth areas while we continue to improve the overall operating returns and finally our cash position is quite strong as we enter the new year. So let me give you an example of how we intend to capitalize on a few emerging industry-growth trends. These include data loss prevention, endpoint virtualization, software as a service and consumer services. First on data loss prevention or DLP, Vontu expanded our presence in the rapidly growing data loss prevention market with clear leadership functionality at all tiers; network, storage and endpoint, managed from a central console. In order to compliment our data loss prevention capabilities Symantec is partnering with Guardian Edge to deliver proven endpoint encryption products to complement our endpoint protection platform. Both DLP and endpoint encryption are key components in helping customers protect valuable information that resides on laptops and desktops. During the March quarter we launched Symantec Endpoint Encryption 6.0, a software tool that provides advanced encryption for desktops and laptops and removable storage devices. It offers scalable enterprise-wide security that prevents unauthorized access by using strong access control and powerful encryption. Its audit reporting capability helps address regulatory requirements for validating compliance, enforcing security policies and mitigating risk of data loss.  In addition Endpoint Encryption can be managed by our Symantec Endpoint Protection 11.0 console. Going forward we see excellent opportunities to broaden the distribution of our DLP and encryption products particularly in international markets and to integrate with several of our key products including mail security and archiving. The content awareness capabilities of Vontus technology will allow our customers to make smarter decisions about archiving and encrypting highly sensitive information. Through this integration our customers will be able to archive only key data and save on the rapidly growing storage costs further differentiating Symantec from competition.  Second on endpoint virtualization, new technologies like virtualization are evolving to enable more efficient management and flexible use of endpoints. Symantecs application virtualization technology is changing the way software is delivered and managed at the endpoint. Bringing virtualization to the endpoint offers IT a natural migration path toward a more fluid computing environment, one that affectively balances the often conflicting trade-offs between security and flexibility. Our recent acquisition of [Apstream] which is already incorporated in our software virtualization services products complement our endpoint management and virtualization portfolio. The combination of streaming technologies with our endpoint virtualization solution provides customers the flexibility to offer on-demand services of data and applications, free of application conflicts and upgrade concerns thus saving on administrative and licensing costs. Over time as endpoints evolve to incorporate a range of computing delivery models, local or streamed applications with physical and virtual desktops, Symantec will provide solutions that support and manage this complexity.  The Apstream acquisition is also very attractive to Symantec in that it gives us the opportunity to integrate streaming technologies throughout our product offerings from endpoint security through the network tier.  Third on software as a service, in mid February we launched two services from the Symantec protection network, our new software as a service business designed to provide our small and medium size customers with a suite of online availability and security solutions. At that time we announced the first of many offerings we plan to deliver through the Symantec protection network. Symantec Online Backup providing online backup for servers and desktops and laptops and Symantec Online Storage for Backup Exec, a disaster recovery service for mid size customers. Like future Symantec protection network services each of these solutions was designed to provide best-in-class protection of our customers mission critical business data. We are very pleased with the early reception of these offerings and have also been quite happy with the positive response from the press and analyst community. As we move forward we expect to deliver additional SaaS offerings in areas where we have market-leading products such as Endpoint Security, Archiving and Messaging and we will continue to work closely with our partners to bring these capabilities to market.  Lastly on our consumer business which is three times the scale of our nearest competitor, we will continue to expand our category leadership by bringing innovative products to the market. We have executed the winning strategy by driving incremental revenue per customer and monetizing our install base of customers as they migrate from point products to suites, to value-added services. We are complementing our consumer software business by delivering a range of premium services such as expert installation, systems checks, and PC performance tune-ups. The customer feedback has been quite strong and services should under [inaudible] our growth objectives for this segment this year. In closing let me underscore the confidence I have in our business and our future. Symantec is a great company of superb brands and a very talented team. More than ever our customers and partners are looking to Symantec to help them secure and manage their information across the full spectrum of operating platforms. In the face of rapidly changing technologies we feel good about how our business is positioned as we enter the new fiscal year. We look forward to delivering on those expectations and have no doubt that we will succeed.  With that Ill turn the call over to Enrique Salem who will provide more details on the March quarter.
Enrique Salem: Thanks John and good afternoon everyone. I am very pleased with the strong performance or our team during the March quarter. Sales execution continued to show improvement around the world with all regions posting double-digit revenue growth. In addition there were a number of key product areas that generated strong growth. These include email archiving, backup, storage management, systems management, and consumer.  Each of these products have one thing in common; they are industry leading and allow our customers to secure and manage their information. We continue to execute better than expected in the archiving market and are winning against our competitors. Our market-leading product Enterprise Vault had another very strong quarter with our revenue growing faster than the market growth rate. The ever increasing demands on long-term storage of email combined with increasing regulations around compliance and e-discovery continue to drive the demand for this product.  We have been the only vendor positioned in the leadership category of Gardners Magic Quadrant for four years in a row. Enterprise Fault is recognized as the leading archiving product by Gardner, IDC and Forrester. Our market-leading data protection franchise which consists of Backup Exec and Net Backup posted solid results and grew by double-digits year-over-year on a revenue basis. We intend to leverage these technologies such as continuous data protection, de-duplication, and virtual platform support across both product sets and also align our ongoing go-to-market activities to further capture market share and extend our leadership position. In the March quarter we released Backup Exec 12.0, the first fully certified backup product for the newly released Windows 2008 Server. The release is a great example of how were leveraging and integrating technologies across our product portfolio. For example, this new version of the Windows backup product is integrated with our threat con sensor enabling the product to automatically trigger frequent backups when threat levels are elevated. This new functionality is particularly important for [SMB] customers with limited staff.  In addition Backup Exec now provides data protection for Enterprise Fault and includes a simple, easy to manage offsite storage option via the Symantec protection network; our software as a service platform.  Net Backup 6.5 continues to resonate well with our customers. Sales were driven by increased adoption of disk-based backup protection and our peer disk de-duplication product. Our relationship with many of the largest companies in the world is built on the success of our storage foundation product. Storage foundation posted strong revenue and grew in the mid-teens year-over-year. Results were driven by our customers desire to standardize the storage management software across their heterogeneous environments and simplify their data center infrastructure.  Our increased focus on operational efficiency will continue to drive improvements in operating results in this business. Our systems management business generated strong sales activity. We are quite pleased with the progress weve made integration Altiris technologies into some of our key products. The Altiris web services based architecture has allowed for relatively easy integration of our core security and Windows-based backup offerings. We believe a well managed endpoint is a secure endpoint. During the March quarter we released the Altiris Workflow Solution which includes [prosodimation] technology acquired earlier in the year. The capability in this new product enhances our ability to tie our endpoint security products with our management solutions. The Workflow Solution helps businesses reduce costs through IP process orchestration and automation. This product is not only aimed at large enterprises that want to implement process improvements through methodology such as [Itill] but is also targeted as a solution for both small and medium enterprises that want to lower their IT operation costs.  We continue to grow our market-leading security business which is twice as large as our nearest competitor. In the March quarter the Enterprise Security business generated record revenue. We are focused on our current Endpoint Security customer base moving them to Symantec Endpoint Protection 11.0 as well as driving new business. We are seeing good traction with large enterprises for this product and on a number of competitive displacements during the quarter. Customers value the products single agent and single management console features. The integrated best-in-class Symantec network access control add-on continues to do very well.  Moving on to the consumer business we are enhancing our leadership position by bringing the most innovative products and services to market to address the evolving need of todays consumer. Our all-in-one security suite, Norton 360 is doing very well and now represents almost 20% of our consumer revenue and more than 30% of our consumer sales. During the March quarter we launched the second version of Norton 360. Norton 360 now includes enhanced browser protection to stop new threats that [inaudible] by downloads. It also has a new feature named Norton Identity Safe which helps consumers protect their identities online by securely managing the countless number of passwords they utilize in combination with the most advanced anti phishing technology on the market. Norton 360s backup options have also been expanded to include support for Blu Ray, iPods, and shared network drives. Consumer adoption of the online backup option in Norton 360 has surpassed our expectations. With just one year of operations Symantec is the leading provider of consumer online backup with over three million customers protecting their data via our online backup service.  We continue to aggressively acquire new customers. During the March quarter we secured several new OEM partnerships. Gateway computer in a multi year contract started shipping 60-day trail versions of Norton Internet Security worldwide in January. Earlier this month we started shipping a 60-day trial version of Norton 360 on Toshiba computers in North America and with Dell, we were awarded the recommended status in EMEA and Japan for consumer and SME PC shipments for the May through October period. Furthermore Norton Internet Security is the default security software that ships on Dell computers sold through retail outlets in North America through June, 2008.  Overall the teams execution was strong as our security and storage portfolio represent an area of continued IT spending even in this environment. Looking ahead I am pleased with the June quarter pipeline. We have had a strong start to the quarter for our enterprise business. Our sales force is stable and executing well. We continue to put more emphasis on new license sales which should improve results during the fiscal year 2009. On the product side in addition to delivering our the larger technology trend such as endpoint virtualization, software as a service and data loss prevention that John spoke about, we will also be releasing a number of key products during the fiscal year. We plan to continue to build on the theme of product integration where it benefits our customers most. Altiris 7.0 which is one of the companys top priorities for fiscal year 09 is expected to release later this year. The new offerings and enhancement to the web services platform and will provide additional opportunities to integrate other Symantec solutions such as our Endpoint Security and into the Altiris framework.  More and more the traditional buyers of security software and systems management software are coming together. An integrated security and management offering will further differentiate us from our competitors since providing complete protection requires better systems management, better patch management, and better vulnerability management. Compliance is still an important driver of security spending as companies strive to get or remain compliant with [Soks, Hippa] and other regulatory requirements.  [Nextgen], our integrated IT governance risk and compliance offering combines the agent and agentless compliance technologies from our ESM and control compliance suite products into one single offering. We expect to ship [Nextgen] in the fall.  On the consumer side, the 2009 edition of Norton Antivirus and Norton Internet Security will launch in its usual September timeframe. I am excited about the companys growth prospects in fiscal year 09 and I am confident that we can maximize our potential and provide the best solutions and value to our customers.  And with that Ill hand the call over to James.
James Beer: Thank you Enrique and good afternoon everyone. I am pleased to report solid execution on each of our four key financial metrics. In fact this is the fifth quarter in a row in which we have met or exceeded our revenue and earnings guidance demonstrating our focus on consistent execution. In addition we continue to improve the efficiency of both our operations and our cost structure.  Now first Ill review the financial details of the March quarter. GAAP revenue for our March, 2008 quarter was $1.54 billion. Non-GAAP revenue grew 13% over the March, 2007 period to $1.548 billion. Foreign currency movements positively impacted non-GAAP revenue by six percentage points year-over-year. The March quarters fully diluted GAAP earnings per share were $0.22. Non-GAAP fully diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.36, up 50% year-over-year.  International non-GAAP revenue of $813 million grew 15% versus the year-ago period with all regions posting double-digit growth. International revenue accounted for 53% of total non-GAAP revenue. We were also particularly pleased that the Americas grew 10% year-over-year.  Now Id like to move on to our non-GAAP revenue by segment. The consumer business generated record revenue of $449 million, up 10% versus the March, 2007 quarter. Electronic distribution represented nearly 75% of consumer revenue and grew 12% as compared to March, 2007 driven primarily by strong activity from our subscription renewals, ISPs and OEMs. In the enterprise arena the breadth and quality of our security, availability and services solutions continues to drive the number of our large transactions.  In the March quarter we generated a total of 449 transactions valued at more than $300,000 each, up 15% compared to 391 deals in the year-ago quarter. We generated 115 deals worth than $1 million each, up 14% compared to 101 deals in the March, 2007 quarter. In addition nearly 80% of large transactions included multiple products or services, up more than 20% year-over-year demonstrating the success our sales force is having in selling broadly across our product portfolio. The storage and server management group generated revenue of $563 million, up 11% compared to the March, 2007 results driven by strong backup and storage performance. Storage foundation performed particularly well during the quarter. We also recently implemented a targeted reduction in force in the storage and server group, as we work to bring our expenses in line with peer and internal benchmarks.  Our security and compliance group which now includes Altiris generated revenue of $439 million. We are pleased with the performance of Altiris during the March quarter that they generated record sales activity and revenue in line with our expectations.  Our enterprise security products also generated record revenue during the quarter and we continue to see strong growth from our archiving solutions. Our services group generated revenue of $97 million, up 12% year-over-year representing 6% of our total revenue. We continue to refocus our services business on addressing the needs of our software customers. For example Symantec residency services enable customers to augment the capabilities of their own IT staff with our highly qualified on-sight consultants who possess the skills to manage complex IT solutions. We are seeing particularly strong demand for this type of service. At the same we are focused on improving the cost efficiency of our services operations and we are pleased with the contribution improvements that the group has made during the past couple of quarters. Non-GAAP gross margin increased 200 basis points to 86% for the March, 2008 quarter as compared to the year-ago period. This resulted from our cost of goods sold remaining approximately constant year-over-year while revenue grew by $183 million. [Improved] revenue and a focus on cost efficiency have also increased non-GAAP operating margins for the March quarter to 27.8% up 540 basis points or nearly 25% year-over-year. This is the second consecutive quarter in which operating margins increased strongly year-over-year. We ended the fiscal year with non-GAAP operating margins of 26.6%, up approximately 100 basis points year-over-year in line with our expectations. GAAP net income was $186 million for the March, 2008 quarter. Non-GAAP net income was $309 million, up 36% as compared to $227 million in the March, 2007 quarter. Symantec exited March with a cash and short-term investments balance of more than $2.4 billion. During the quarter Symantec contributed $150 million in investment capital to fund our 49% stake in our joint venture with Huawei. We are excited about the opportunities that this security and storage appliance joint venture offers us particularly given Huaweis strength in some of the worlds fastest growth markets.  An important way in which we retuned value to shareholders is through our use of cash. During the March quarter we repurchased $200 million of our shares at an average price of $17.71. In total during fiscal year 2008 we returned $1.5 billion to shareholders by repurchasing 81 million shares at an average price of $18.53. Our net accounts receivable balance at the end of the March, 2008 quarter was $758 million. Day sales outstanding or DSO was 45 days in line with normal seasonal trends. Cash flow from operating activities for the March quarter was up 19% to $674 million as compared to $567 million in the March, 2007 quarter primarily due to strong collections and our cost controls. GAAP deferred revenue at the end of March, 2008 was approximately $3.08 billion. Non-GAAP deferred revenue reached a record $3.09 billion, up 11% year-over-year assisted by strong selling activity towards the end of the quarter. Sequentially deferred revenue grew $191 million or 7%. Foreign currency movements positively impacted non-GAAP deferred revenue by seven percentage points year-over-year and three percentage points sequentially. Our financial results will benefit from our strong deferred revenue balance during fiscal 2009. For the full fiscal year of 2008 we grew our non-GAAP revenue by 13% to more than $5.9 billion as compared to the prior fiscal year and generated $1.27 in non-GAAP earnings per share, an increase of more than 25%. We also generated operating cash flow of approximately $1.82 billion, up 9% as compared to fiscal 2007.  Now Id like to spend a few minutes discussing our guidance. It should be noted that Symantecs fiscal calendar has four quarters of 13 weeks each which equates to 364 days per year versus a normal calendar year of 365 days. Hence every six years during our first fiscal quarter an extra week is added to make up for the lost days. As a result our June 2008 quarter contains 14 weeks and ends on July 4, 2008.  For the June, 2008 quarter we expect GAAP revenue to be in the range of $1.55 billion to $1.59 billion. Non-GAAP revenue is estimated to be in the range of $1.555 billion to $1.595 billion as compared to $1.423 billion in June, 2007. This revenue forecast includes a one-time benefit of approximately $65 million generated from the extra week of deferred revenue amortization and incremental sales activity.  GAAP earnings per share are forecasted to be in the range of between $0.17 and $0.19. Non-GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be in the range of between $0.34 and $0.36 as compared to $0.29 in June, 2007. The earnings per share forecast includes a one-time benefit from the 14th week of $0.02 based on the additional revenue assumption described just before partially offset by payroll and variable expenses of approximately $40 million. We will be reflecting our share of the profits or losses from the joint venture with Huawei in the other income line of our quarterly financial statements.  During FY09 we will incur various start-up costs and would therefore the joint venture to negatively our other income line. At the end of the June quarter we expect GAAP deferred revenue to be between $2.905 billion and $3.005 billion. We expect non-GAAP deferred revenue to be between $2.91 billion and $3.01 billion as compared to $2.7 billion in June, 2007. The deferred revenue forecast includes a one-time negative impact from the extra week of approximately $20 million driven by our expectation that incremental amortization will exceed newly added deferred revenue consistent with traditional seasonal patterns. We expect 62% or approximately $975 million of our June quarter revenue to come from the balance sheet. We expect cash flow from operations for the June, 2008 quarter to exceed the June, 2007 result of $351 million. This guidance assumes a common stock equivalent total for the quarter of approximately 850 million shares. We have also assumed an exchange rate of $1.50 per euro for the June quarter. In closing we are enthusiastic about the competitiveness of our product set, the capabilities of our sales force and distribution partners and the continuing improvements in our operations and cost structure. The focus in fiscal year 09 will be on executing our plans quarter by quarter.  And now Ill turn it back to Helyn so we can take some of your questions. 
Helyn Corcos: While the operator is polling for questions I would like announce that Symantec plans to attend the Merrill Lynch Conference on May 6th and JP Morgans Conference on May 19th. In addition we will be hosting our Annual Analyst Meeting on June 12th in Las Vegas. This event is by invitation only and registration is required. If you would like to take advantage of the special hotel rate for this event we encourage you to register by this Friday, May 2nd. A live webcast and replay of the event will be available on the Investor Relations homepage for those who cannot attend.  Finally we will be reporting our fiscal first quarter results on July 30th. For a complete list of our Investor related events, please visit our Events calendar on the website. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions)  Your first question comes from Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: Id like to just ask on the Enterprise Security side, so how far along are we in the SEP11 upgrade cycle, can you give a sense of penetration and then as customers have upgraded can you also give a sense for how many have taken newer products like NAC or Altiris for example?
John Thompson: We shipped about 21 million clients in the most recent quarter which was down a little bit from the December quarter but thats a function of December being a seasonally strong renewal period if you will. So SEP is doing quite well in its first two quarters in the market. The NAC component is getting very, very strong lift in the marketplace and its helping us to drive higher unit value if you will per endpoint sold. So were quite pleased with the early receptivity of NAC and would expect that to continue certainly as the product continues to mature in the market.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: And just on that 21 million clients this quarter and then what you had in December, penetration wise is that a quarter in, a third in?
John Thompson: Well we dont typically give numbers on the install base but lets put it this way, we think we have close to 100 million users out there on the enterprise side so with 40 plus million to date that might give you a sense of where we are.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: Just on the op margin side, James terrific job year-over-year, whats kind of the goal as you look forward over longer term in terms of how much more upside could we get to operating margins?
James Beer: Well one of our financial objectives is to improve operating margins by around 100 basis points each year and obviously were pleased that we have been able to deliver that in fiscal 08 and thats the plan going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Heather Bellini  UBS
Heather Bellini  UBS: Just a follow-up to Sarahs question you were just referring John to an uptick in the average unit value that you see as people are adopting the NAC offerings, could you give us an idea of what that uptick in average unit value is?
John Thompson: Well competitively Id really rather not start to talk about what kind of price yields we were seeing in the marketplace, I just dont think in light of the economic environment thats in our best interest. But I do think its fair to say that the combination of SEPT and maintenance price increase that weve built in and NAC are helping us drive higher price yield per endpoint. Thats ultimately the objective.
Enrique Salem: It also varies by the size of deal that we do.
Heather Bellini  UBS: I was listening to James comment, youve now had two very strong quarters in a row, not just revenue and EPS but also deferred, theres really nothing to complain about when you look at these numbers, and I guess this is the level of consistency that I know the markets been waiting for, I was wondering if you could share with us what you think has changed that has enabled this to happen? What do you think, where do you think you are in the process of taking this to the next level and having this consistency going forward?
John Thompson: Let me beg to differ with you just a little bit, this is the fifth consecutive quarter beating all four of our primary metric. So while March was strong, and December was strong, we have had five consistent
Heather Bellini  UBS: I was referring to September when you lowered guidance to December, so in terms of everything connecting together.
John Thompson: But lets get to the second question which is where do we think we are. We think we are in terrific shape. We have a very strong pipeline coming in to this quarter. The sales leadership team around the world is really, really operating quite well. We just finished our worldwide sales kick off for this fiscal year. It was probably the most exciting kick off Ive ever attended in the 37 years Ive been in this business and so Im pleased with where our company is. The back office is working well. The front office is doing well and the guys are building some pretty innovative products day in and day out so all in all I think were on a roll.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brett Thill  Citigroup
Brett Thill  Citigroup: John just in your comments on the strong pipeline can you just contrast the demand environment when you look at the US versus EMEA and APAC?
John Thompson: We dont see any real distinction between the regions of the world given candidly the product portfolio that we have, our products tend to be the hygiene components of every IT infrastructure. You must secure and manage the digital content that youre creating regardless to whether youre a small business or a large business or a consumer. And so around the world theres fairly even pull on the reins from a demand perspective. We would expect Asia to continue to do well given that those are economies that are growing faster than anywhere else in the world. Japan and Germany continue to be challenging environments but nonetheless overall EMEA and APJ are doing well. And candidly the leadership change that we made in the Americas what Bill has done with his team has really got the Americas on track and were quite pleased with their performance.
Operator: Your next question comes from Israel Hernandez - Lehman Brothers
Israel Hernandez - Lehman Brothers: Can you comment on what youre seeing in the SMB channel, a number of companies have commented that they were beginning to see some signs of weakness there.
Enrique Salem: We arent seeing any real changes in the SMB space. There continues to be strong demand for our security products and our backup offerings. Backup Exec continues to do very, very well for us particularly focused on that segment. So we havent seen anything that causes us concern.
Israel Hernandez - Lehman Brothers: And James weve got an extra week here in Q1 does that mean we have one less week in your Q2 and that we should model that accordingly so that we dont get this wrong when we model it out?
James Beer: Thats right, in Q2, Q3 and Q4 we go back to the traditional 13 week quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank: On the consumer side can you talk about what youre seeing in terms of economics, you announced nice [inaudible] on the OEMs side, McAfee announced some nice wins, are we continuing to see the economics of the OEM channel continue to deteriorate or how do you see that playing out over the next few years?
Enrique Salem: Ultimately the economics in that channel its a competitive market, but they have stabilized from what we have seen over the last several years. But make no mistake about it, we will continue to compete with a number of folks in that channel but it does continue to be an important customer acquisition channel for us and so we will always make sure that were doing deals that allow us to continue to bring in a nice steady stream of new customers into the consumer business.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank: You have talked about divesting some of the slower growth businesses, any kind of update as you look at the portfolio of products today and thoughts in terms of potential divestitures going forward?
John Thompson: Contrary to popular rumor we have no plans in place to divest of anything; none. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Ives - Friedman Billings Ramsey
Daniel Ives - Friedman Billings Ramsey: Question with the sales force, can you maybe just give us some insight in regards to quotas or just [inaudible] in the sales force they continue to do good things there, and what youve been doing, changes on the sales force model?
Enrique Salem: Our focus right now is to continue to move our team to be more focused on new license, because that is ultimately what drives our business and so we started that change last year, focusing on our specialist organizations and now as we look at fiscal year 09 we have broadened that to include more of our field team. So ultimately the priority for Symantec is to drive new business and ultimately new license sales; thats the number one thing that were focused on in fiscal year 09.
Operator: Your next question comes from Aaron Schwartz - JP Morgan
Aaron Schwartz - JP Morgan: Just a follow-up on the last question, it looks like the license as a percentage of revenue has picked up by about a point in the second half of the year and Im just wondering if that is a factor of the shift to new license or if theres just been stabilization in the amount youre deferring, Im just trying to contrast the change in the sales organization with maybe whats being deferred and recognized on the license side.
Enrique Salem: What I would comment on is we definitely have had a focus on driving new license and that would lead to what youre saying. As far as it being one percent, thats not a number that Im looking at right now but ultimately our focus is on driving new license.
James Beer: And remember that a lot of our new sales are accounted for in the subscriptions line, so consumer new sales, a lot of our enterprise security new sales so when you look at the line labeled license on our press release it doesnt give you the full picture for the new sales that are going on in the organization.
Aaron Schwartz - JP Morgan: I know theres been a lot of changes on your channel side; I think the latest news has been, Im just wondering if you could update us with changes in your strategy there?
Enrique Salem: Ultimately when we look at our go-to-market trends, youre always going to keep refining who are our priority partners and we will concentrate our business on a number of key partners and what you heard there is that were narrowing who are the folks that we go to market with. Expect to continue to see us refine where we invest both from a resource and focus perspective and thats what you heard on that announcement. In particular though expect us to continue to leverage our broad based two tier distribution model where it makes sense and there are places where absolutely we will continue to leverage it and there are places where we will refocus some of our efforts. So ultimately though we have a very broad distribution channel that well continue to leverage.
Operator: Your next question comes from Philip Winslow - Credit Suisse
Philip Winslow - Credit Suisse: You mentioned an OEM relationship with Guardian Edge to get into the endpoint encryption market through a partnership, Im wondering if you could comment on integration there, obviously McAfee has been pitching with [inaudible] to see the time with [Epolicy Orchestrator] just curious what you plan to do from that standpoint and then also, youve been mentioning license, revenue, license, revenue, this quarter was also particularly stronger, probably one of the best quarters youve had year-over-year in a few years, what is driving that on the storage side if anything in particular, what product lines?
Enrique Salem: On the first question expect the new encryption technology will be integrated with our Symantec Endpoint Protection technology. So youll manage all aspects of security from the Symantec Endpoint Protection console. But more importantly to us is not only what were doing on the security side but its also the integration with our new systems management technology from Altiris. Because thats where we really drive the higher value as we continue to say its all about not only security but managing that endpoint because thats the only way you truly have security and so expect that well continue to bring all these technologies much closer together as weve already started to with the release of Symantec Endpoint Protection 11.  The second part of the question on new license, what we think about is we had very good performance across the businesses, both in our storage business and our security business and so were seeing very good performance across a broad range of our portfolio and that is really all about what we focus on is what were going to deliver and weve been focused on new license and thats why youre seeing it in our results. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Katherine Egbert - Jefferies and Company
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies and Company: Weve seen a lot of weakness in some of the smaller point centers in the enterprise security area, do you feel like youre taking share or are you at any rate taking advantage of weakness in those areas and then conversely are you seeing your major competitors doing anything unusual to try to take share?
John Thompson: I think whats playing out is what we believed for the last five or six years that large enterprises want to do business with fewer providers and they want to do business with providers that have a broader portfolio of offerings that helps them reduce the cost and complexity of deploying those technologies and so I think in more challenging economic times, youre going to see pressure perhaps first to the less scaled enterprises that dont have the richness of portfolio or the richness of relationships. That could in fact lead to price pressures but we havent seen that so far.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies and Company: James, did you say what the impact of currency was on revenue and expenses?
James Beer: Yes, in terms of the overall impact on revenue, we were up 13% year-over-year and six points of that was driven by foreign exchange and we dont breakout the expenses but its going to be a similar type figure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Breza - RBC Capital Markets
Robert Breza - UBS Capital Markets: James I was wondering as we look to our models and think about adjusting for the one extra week here in Q1, would you expect a similar split, the 48% 49% in the first half, 51% 52% in the second half, or is there anything else seasonally that we need to think about as we model through the yea?
James Beer: Well aside from this incremental 14th week I wouldnt say were seeing anything different seasonally than we were looking at this time last year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates: Question first on the storage, what are the dynamics youre seeing in the core backup business with Net Backup and some of the associated products like replication and data [inaudible]. Youve bought some good products, youve made some big improvements with Net Backup 6.5, do you see any change in the competitive environment to share trends?
Enrique Salem: Ultimately when you look at what weve done with our data protection group which is the combination of both Net Backup and Backup Exec, we are gaining share. I mean that combination is serving us very well and the thing thats most encouraging is as customers are migrating from tape-based backup to disk-based backup we are seeing a significant opportunity around our new de-dupe capabilities and our peer disk offering. So we are encouraged because now with our 6.5 platform, our Net Backup 6.5 platform, we can continue to add these new modules which I think will obviously benefit the overall performance of our data protection group.
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates: On the security and compliance group it sounds like Altiris did well, if you were to strip out the compliance and look at the enterprise security, what are the growth rate trends there, are they picking up, any way of characterizing what those growth rates are?
Enrique Salem: I havent broken it out that way.
Michael Turits - Raymond James & Associates: Anything you can do to give me some color on how thats doing, even directionally?
Enrique Salem: Our security business is doing great.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities: Looking at the security group along the lines of Michaels question, as you talked about some of your double-digit growers in the quarter, you didnt talk about the Endpoint and Im wondering if youre stripping out the NAC and Altiris capabilities separately or if the Endpoint in aggregate is growing at less than 10%.
James Beer: Yes, the Endpoint is growing at less than 10% but were very comfortable that that is the overall performance. As we said a couple of quarters back before we rolled out the new SEP product the first job was going to be focused on upgrading the very large installed base and were well down that track as John was alluding to in one of the earlier questions. So thats been the primary focus. We are pleased that weve been able to see some lift year-over-year even while weve been doing all of this on the revenue side.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities: On the 14-week quarter, I think last time you faced this, it actually provided a couple pennies dilution in the quarter, so is this more a function of the ratability of the model this time around six years later or is this some expectations for the first week of July in terms of just general sales and demand?
James Beer: Well its hard for me to go back six years, but no, its fair to say that itll be $0.02 positive this time around. Yes we do have a relatively large amount of amortization that rolls off the balance sheet now more so than would have been the case in the past. But the flip side to that of course is that six years ago we would have had more new license sales and the overall sales activity being reflected in the P&L immediately. So Im not sure theres necessarily a big difference there in the way the numbers play out, but again I havent gone back six years to study how it used to be. 
Enrique Salem: One thing I would add though is that we have products in the portfolio that have a higher license yield for example, our Backup Exec business and that would probably have some [inaudible]
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Klasell - Thomas Weisel Partners
Tim Klasell - Thomas Weisel Partners: First just a quick housekeeping, James can you hit us on, you said there would be an impact on the other income from the Huawei joint venture, can you give us a magnitude there? And how that should ramp throughout the year?
James Beer: Well no, Im not going to throw out the specific numbers associated with the Huawei joint venture. I think its fair to say when you look at the other income line and think about its primary constituents obviously interest income has been coming down and recent times as interest rates have been reduced around certainly in this country, if not around the world. And then the other thing thats been happening there is we have a smaller cash balance year-over-year and weve been looking to bring in the duration of our investments so that we have more cash available to us to do things like the buyback and to invest in our business in ways such as the Huawei joint venture presented itself. So on the interest expense line, thats pretty much a constant given the defined nature of the interest associated with the convert of a couple of years ago. And then the additional item this coming year will be the Huawei joint venture and obviously well look to minimize the start-up costs but there I think going to be some of those. 
Tim Klasell - Thomas Weisel Partners: Jumping over to Enrique to your comments about focusing in on new license sales, obviously the maintenance streams are very valuable, are you getting a separate sales force or what are you doing to help protect that as your field sales force focuses in on the new license sales?
Enrique Salem: We have a number of different things that we do as you know, by segment we have different things that we do but if you look at our storage business we have a team that is focused on renewals and they work very closely with our field force so its really a matter of, its not that were saying theres no focus or theres no compensation on the renewal component, its just that were putting a higher emphasis on new license and thats where you really drive the acceleration for our field organization. So weve got a combination of things that were doing to ensure renewal rates and I dont expect to see renewal rates in this business drop. If anything given some of the improvements were making online in both our small and medium business and in consumer, I expect to see renewals rates continue to improve. 
Operator: Your final question comes from Philip Rueppel - Wachovia Securities
Philip Rueppel - Wachovia Securities: Quick question on the channel, any changes in management and focus on new personnel, are there any other new initiatives or major initiatives that youre focusing on in 09 that should also have an impact?
Enrique Salem: Im not sure that weve made changes on our personnel; weve actually been very stable on our channel personnel. The leadership team across the regions has been very stable through fiscal year 08 and I expect that to continue. As far as what were doing with the channel, were always reviewing the various programs and how they work but I dont expect to see any material changes in fiscal year 09 but expect us to continue to look at how do we incent the partners and the channels that drive new business. That is the focus for our company and thats where were going to continue to drive incentive around.
Operator: That does conclude our question and answer session. At this time Id like to turn the call back over to you Mr. Thompson for any additional or closing remarks.
John Thompson: Thank you very much everyone for joining us this afternoon. Im awfully proud of our teams performance not just in the March quarter, but throughout fiscal year 08. We had a very strong finishing quarter. We have a very strong pipeline as we head into fiscal year 09 and I am very, very encouraged that this is our year. So thank you very much.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-01-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Helyn Corcos - Vice President, Investor Relations John W. Thompson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Enrique Salem - Chief Operating Officer James Beer - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: Adam Holt - J.P. Morgan Peter Cooper - Morgan Stanley Heather Bellini - UBS Analyst for Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs Philip Winslow - Credit Suisse Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank Securities Analyst for Michael Turits - Raymond James Tim Klasell - Thomas Weisel Partners Daniel Ives - FBR Group Katherine Egbert - Jefferies & Co. Brian Freed - Morgan Keegan
Operator: Welcome to Symantecs third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time Id like to turn the conference over to Helyn Corcos. Please go ahead. 
Helyn Corcos: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. With me today are John Thompson, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Symantec, Enrique Salem, Chief Operating Officer, and James Beer, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. In a moment I will turn the call over to John. He will provide high level comments on our fiscal third quarter results which ended December 28, 2007. Then Enrique will discuss more specific details of the quarterly results, then James will review the financial details and discuss our guidance as outlined in the press release. This will be followed by a question and answer session. Todays call is being recorded and will be available for replay on Symantecs Investor Relations homepage. A copy of todays press release and supplemental financial information are also available on our website along with prepared comments which will be available on the website shortly after the call is completely. Before we begin Id like to remind everyone that some of the information discussed on this call, including our projections regarding revenue, operating results, deferred revenue, cash flow from operations, amortization of acquisition-related intangibles, and stock based compensation for the coming quarter contains forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the statements. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties can be found in the companys most recent periodic reports filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. Symantec assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.  In addition to reporting financial results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals or GAAP, Symantec reports non-GAAP financial results. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP results which can be found in the press release and on our website. Now I would like to introduce you to our CEO, Mr. John Thompson.
John W. Thompson: Thanks, Helyn. I am very pleased with the strength of our business and with the solid execution of our team during the December quarter. Strong sales performance in EMEA and APJ coupled with continuing improvements in the Americas operation drove the overperformance for our company. In addition, there were a number of key product areas that delivered strong double digit growth, including email archiving, messaging, compliance, and our Windows-based backup solutions. While we cant forecast the economic environment, we are confident in the strength of our portfolio. Security and storage management solutions continue to be top spending priorities for our customers. Furthermore, based on customer surveys, key purchase areas for the coming year also include solutions that address regulatory compliance, virtualization, and enterprise message management, including archiving and data loss prevention. We are very well positioned to capitalize on these growth trends.  The near term catalyst that should drive attractive growth prospects for Symantec include the continuation of the market momentum weve established with core products like BackUp Exec, Enterprise Vault, and Symantec End Point Protection. Furthermore, our broad international exposure and our strength in key buyer segments like SME should prove to be important for us as well. Im confident of our business and our building momentum as we head into our fiscal fourth quarter. Symantec has long focused on relevant IT trends in order to drive sustainable growth. These trends include optimizing existing infrastructure and lowering cost for enterprise customers. In addition, the evolving threat landscape compounds the growing problem of complexity and risk. The recent information security breaches in the UK and here in the US point to failures in the development and implementation of appropriate security policies. These incidents validate our view that a security strategy must be policy driven, information centric, and operationalized across a well-managed infrastructure. Our customers face an enormous challenge in integrating all the components they must acquire to ensure theyre appropriately managing their information assets. Our broad portfolio of products and services, coupled with a clear strategy for product integration, should make this task much easier for them, particularly those in the mid market. For example, the tighter integration of Altiris with backup and system recovery functions as well as with end point protection should make the process of securing and managing their information much easier and provide real market differentiation for us.  As I mentioned last quarter, we started an active review of our product portfolio to ensure many of the investments made over the years are meeting both our customers needs and our financial expectations. As a result, last week we announced an agreement to divest our application performance management business. We determined that our customers would be better served by creating a standalone company dedicated to providing the investment required to develop innovative products. We will continue to support our customers for a period of time as they transition to the new company and its support operation. Through this product portfolio process, we expect to eliminate or harvest lower growth businesses or products with lower operating returns than we think are appropriate for our company. As a natural byproduct of this process, many of the higher growth areas weve been investing in will become much more visible to investors. We expect this process to be ongoing and is squarely focused on driving growth and stronger operating returns. During the December quarter we closed the VonTu acquisition. VonTu has maintained its competitiveness and market momentum across a broad range of industries including retail, health care, energy, and utilities, and had record bookings for the quarter. VonTu expands our presence in the rapidly growing data loss prevention market with clear market leadership functionality. In December the VonTu team released Data Loss Prevention 8, the industrys first integrated solution that combines end point and network based technology to prevent the loss of confidential data wherever it is used or stored. Earlier this month, Infoworld recognized them as the best DLP solution for the third straight year.  Going forward, we see excellent opportunities to broaden the distribution of the VonTu products, particularly in the international markets, and to integrate it with several of our key products, including Symantec end point protection, our mail security appliances, Enterprise Vault, and our storage products, further differentiating Symantec from the competition. The early synergies in both product development and sales from Altiris and VonTu have been encouraging as they help to underpin new growth initiatives for our company. Its my belief that these types of acquisitions should add new top line growth for Symantec and help improve our operating returns. I would expect us to continue to look for acquisitions that drive revenue growth and enhance our net income. In addition, just like Altiris and VonTu, they will add highly focused teams with great technology and strong customer relationships.  Just a few weeks ago we announced a number of important organizational changes with an eye towards optimizing our diverse portfolio of products and ensuring we get better leverage from the investments we are making in people and technology across our company. Specifically, we created the new role of Chief Strategy Officer, which integrates the corporate strategy and M&A functions under one leader in order to bring a heightened level of focus on our overall product portfolio and our growth prospects. This new team will focus on ensuring the overall company is investing and managing the business for sustainable growth and profitability. It places greater emphasis on optimizing the company and not a particular business unit or product area. In addition, the Chief Strategy Officer will lead the charge for our investments in emerging growth areas like the creation of the Symantec Protection Network which will serve as the basis for our software and service platform. The strategy team will play a vital role in our ability to identify and invest in new business models and go to market strategies.  Secondly, we announced the appointment of a Chief Operating Officer to help drive operational consistency across the company and deliver more predictable results. While its not a new role for Symantec, I felt the diversity of our portfolio and the breadth of our global business operations warranted that we revisit an operating model that had proven to be successful for us in the past. Moreover, we should be able to achieve greater leverage from our broad portfolio of technology and services while ensuring our field sales and services teams are ready to execute on current and new product initiatives. With that, Ill turn the call over to our new Chief Operating Officer, Enrique Salem, who will provide more detail on December quarter highlights.
Enrique Salem: Thanks, John. First of all I want to say how excited I am to be given this opportunity. My focus will be to drive consistency across the company and improve our ability to deliver top line growth. Im highly confident we can maximize our potential and provide the best solutions and values to our customers. As you know weve made significant changes to the enterprise sales organization and Im pleased to report that these changes helped lead us to greater operational improvements in the quarter. During the fiscal 2008 the sales compensation model was modified to emphasize new license sales with our specialist teams. We are pleased with the results to date as I believe that our new license sales have seen a benefit from this change. Our current geography leaders have done a tremendous job with their respective sales organizations, leading to improved sales execution. Our immediate team posted double digit growth with all subregions performing solidly. We are particularly impressed wit h the immediate teams ability to increase the number of big deal transactions by 100% over the last year. In APJ, the leadership changes have gone smoothly as the region continued to post strong numbers and importantly, sales execution in the Americas continues to show solid progress.  On the product side, the new competitive functionality in our core products coupled with improved quality gives me tremendous confidence about our growth prospects. Looking ahead, I believe we have built a strong pipeline going into our fiscal fourth quarter. Now Id like to discuss a few of the highlights from the December quarter. While still early in the customer adoption cycle, Symantec End Point Protection 11 has gotten off to a solid start. This product has already received some of the best evaluations and reviews from the industry. Information Security Magazine tested 8 end point security solutions from all the major security vendors and ranked Symantec the best overall for our manageability and component integration. Our nearest competitor received the lowest grade in the manageability category, the single most important category for our enterprise customers. In a separate review, PC Magazine calls SEP 11 the most comprehensive centrally managed end point security solution for businesses and gave it its coveted Editors Choice Award.  The Symantec network access control component of SEP 11 also known as SNACC is testing well. In an assessment by Network World, Symantec ranked as number one as the best all around all-in-one NACC product in a test of 13 products from companies like Cisco, Juniper, Checkpoint, and McAfee among many others. More importantly, customers are seeing the value in SEP 11 and SNACC and are rapidly adopting the new products. During the December quarter we shipped 23 million seats of SEP. In addition to implementing upgrades to current customers, we also garnered several major new customer wins that included many competitive displacements.  Net Backup 6.5 also got off to a solid start and was part of many of our largest multi-product deals during the quarter. Data center administrators are increasingly moving from tape to disk based backup. Net Backup 6.5 features new disk based backup capabilities which are focused on delivering leading integration of backup appliances and delivering native, sand, disk backup, and deep duplication features. These options allow us to take full advantage of the power of disk based data protection. Customers also like Net Backups ability to backup VMware environments. Net Backup 6.5 won the Best In Show BM World Gold Award in September.  One of our strongest revenue growth products is Backup Exec, the markets leading Windows-based data and system recovery solution. The 11 D version of Backup Exec which was released a little over a year ago has been a tremendous success for both Symantec and our channel partners. We have found that small and medium sized businesses are embracing the products robust management capabilities. Were looking forward to building on that momentum with the release of Backup Exec 12 in the March quarter.  Worldwide demand is also unprecedented for our Enterprise Vault, the leading email archiving and retrieval product. Enterprise Vault has been in the leadership category of Gardners Magic Quadrant for the past several years and is currently the only product in the leadership category. We believe Enterprise Vault has become the de facto solution for addressing the ever-increasing regulations around e-discovery.  The Altiris business experienced strong new license growth and robust sequential growth as customers are embracing the convergence of security and systems management at the end point. These results include the SME benefits received from the channel alignment and mapping work that has been done for some time now. For large enterprise accounts, we are particularly pleased with the traction Altiris is getting with sales force cross training, particularly in international markets as Altiris continues to leverage Symantecs broad global reach. Over the past three quarters weve made significant strides in integrating the Altiris technologies. In some of our key products the Altiris architecture has allowed us for relatively easy integration into products such as Symantec End Point Protection 11 and Backup Exec System Recovery. This rapid progress has redefined the benchmark for all of our engineering teams with regard to new technology integration.  Currently were focused on further extending the Altiris web services model to tie all of the technologies together via the Altiris framework. Additional integration opportunities exist which would enhance the Altiris offerings ability to push patches and link to a vulnerability database. Finally, we are well positioned as companies migrate to Vista and we are excited about the sales opportunities Altiris solutions can bring to us during this process.  Now on the consumer side of the business, we are maintaining our category leadership by bringing the most innovative products to the market targeted at various consumer segments. Norton Internet Security works well for the wired segment who are more used to assembling their own PC solutions and are often the folks who own NIS together with Norton System Works or another one of our point products.  The introduction of Norton 360 allowed us to focus on the under served segment we call digital families. Many of these customers already own an internet solution but wanted it to be easier to use and demanded that it provide an all-in-one protection service. Norton 360 delivered and is ramped to over 25% of our new consumer sales, representing our most successful consumer product launch to date. The explosive adoption rates of Norton 360 validates our consumer strategy and underscores the market demand for a more targeted product portfolio and affirms consumers willingness to pay a premium price for the best solution. We expect to launch the 2.0 version of Norton 360 by the end of March. The new product includes browser protection, Norton Identity Safe, which secures your passwords, and Symantecs Advanced Anti-Phishing technology which extends our whole security capability to offer protection against online fraud. The new version will also provide more options for backup destinations including Blu Ray, iPods, and shared drives. Its clear to me that the most advanced PC security tool on the market is about to take another big step ahead of our competitors.  With that, Ill hand it over to James to provide the financial details for the quarter. 
James Beer: Thank you, Enrique, and good afternoon, everyone. I am pleased to report that our December quarter results performed better than expected on each of our four primary financial metrics: revenue, deferred revenue, earnings per share, and cash flow from operations. Now Ill review the financial details of the December quarter. GAAP revenue was $1.52 billion. Non-GAAP revenue grew 15% versus the December 2006 period to $1.53 billion. Foreign currency movements positively impacted non-GAAP revenue by 5 percentage points year over year and by 2 percentage points sequentially. The December quarters diluted GAAP earnings per share were $0.15. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share grew 27% to $0.33 as compared to December 2006. International non-GAAP revenue for the December quarter grew 21% to $812 million versus the year ago period and represented a record 53% of total non-GAAP revenue. The Europe, Middle East, Africa region grew 26% and Asia Pacific, including Japan, grew 19%. Foreign currency movements benefited EMEA revenue by 13 percentage points and APJ revenue by approximately 8 percentage points year-over-year. The Americas grew 8% year-over-year.  Now Id like to move to the December quarters non-GAAP revenue by segment. Consumer revenue generated $440 million, up 8% versus the December 2006 quarter. Norton Internet Security revenue grew 8% and remains the single largest product contributor to our consumer category, generating approximately 59% of consumer revenue. As Enrique mentioned, Norton 360 now accounts for over 25% of consumer sales activity and is serving to protect and grow a premium market position. The rich feature set of Norton 360 brings with it a higher average selling price which has allowed us to generate growth despite the continuing decline in the retail channel which now accounts for only 25% of our consumer revenue.  Moving now to the enterprise, in the December quarter we generated a record number of large deals. We booked a total of 554 transactions valued at more than $300,000 each, an increase of 35% as compared to 409 deals in the December 2006 quarter. We also recorded 127 deals worth more than $1 million as compared to 115 in the December 2006 quarter. Almost 80% of large transactions included multiple products or services.  Our Security and Data Management revenue of $448 million grew 9% over the December 2006 quarter. Backup Exec continued to build momentum, posting revenue growth of over 30% compared to the year ago period and generating solid sequential growth for the fourth consecutive quarter. Enterprise Vault and our compliance products grew as mid-to high teens rates year-over-year. The Data Center Management group produced revenue of $444 million and grew 11% from the year ago period.  Storage and server foundation generated record results, growing revenue at mid-teens rates year-over-year and sequentially. The results were driven by our customers desire to simplify their data center infrastructures. Our customized ROI tool clearly demonstrates how our solutions can improve the operational performance of data centers as well as drive dramatic direct cost savings. The cost reduction benefits of our simplification and standardization themes continue to resonate with data center customers. In addition, our foundation solutions provide high availability as well as storage and server optimization across all major virtual machine platforms. The Altiris business unit posted non-GAAP revenue of $100 million. Standalone Altiris solutions generated record non-GAAP revenue of $65 million. Altiris non-GAAP revenue includes the impact of $9 million worth of deferred revenue lost on the GAAP basis as a result of the purchase accounting method related to the acquisition. Also, our legacy Symantec products, Ghost and PC Anywhere, performed better than expected during the quarter. Our services group posted strong top line performance, increasing revenue to $96 million. We are pleased with the services teams ability to generate value by increasing both customer satisfaction and our ability to sell, deliver, and implement more software. Strong year-over-year growth of 40% was assisted somewhat by one-time administrative challenges that occurred during the December 2006 quarter.  Non-GAAP gross margin increased to 86.2% for the December 2007 quarter as compared to 83.2% for the year ago period, driven by lower costs resulting from our reduction in four sections in addition to the movement of the majority of our consumer OEM fees from the cost of goods sold line to operating expenses. This is the third consecutive quarter of sequential gross margin improvement, reaffirming that our cost controls are making an impact.  Improved revenue and cost efficiency actions have increased operating margins for the quarter to 27.4%, up 170 basis points year-over-year and up 220 basis points sequentially. Non-GAAP operating expenses for the quarter were approximately $900 million. Operating expenses declined by about 1% year-over-year after adjusting for the impact of acquisitions, exchange rates, and the addition of consumer OEM fees to the operating expense line. We expect operating expenses excluding acquisitions, exchange rates, and consumer OEM fees in the March quarter to decline by approximately 2% year-over-year.  While we are encouraged by the progress weve made on costs, we expect consumer OEM fees to increase going forward, driven by PC shipments. We are on course to drive cost benefits of approximately $350 million versus our original goal of $200 million in FY08. Our cost improvement initiatives are targeting areas across the business, but we have been diligent to ensure that these reductions dont impede our ability to bring high quality products to market or hurt our ability to meet customer service levels. The value of these initiatives is building as the year is progressing, placing us in a stronger expense position as we exit the fiscal year. We will continue to focus on our cost structure going forward while simultaneously working to identify new opportunities for revenue growth.  GAAP net income was $132 million for the December 2007 quarter. Non-GAAP net income equaled $292 million, up 16% versus the December 2006 quarter and up 11% sequentially. Symantec exited December with a cash and short term investments balance of approximately $2 billion. We have continued to return excess cash flow to our shareholders. As such, during the quarter, we repurchased $400 million of our outstanding shares or 22.7 million shares, at an average price of $17.60. Our net accounts receivable balance at the end of the December 2007 quarter was $902 million. Days sales outstanding or DSOs was 54 days compared to 51 days in December 2006. DSOs typically peak above 50 in December quarters due to renewal activity concentrated towards calendar year end. Cash flow from operating activities for the December 2007 quarter totaled $462 million. This figure was higher than forecast due to better than expected sales activity. GAAP deferred revenue at the end of the December 2007 quarter was $2.88 billion. Non-GAAP deferred revenue at the end of the quarter was approximately $2.9 billion, up 12% as compared to the December 2006 quarter and up 10% sequentially. Foreign currency movements benefited deferred revenue by 5 percentage points year-over-year and by 2 percentage points sequentially. Now Id like to spend a few minutes discussing our guidance for the March quarter. Two quarters of improved sales execution coupled with four consecutive quarters of improved revenue yield leads us to be more positive on our view of the fourth quarter. Taking into account the macro economic environment and an exchange rate of $1.45 per euro, our forecast for the March quarter is as follows: GAAP revenue is estimated to be between $1.5 billion and $1.54 billion. Non-GAAP revenue is estimated to be between $1.51 billion and $1.55 billion. We expect to recognize VonTu revenue ratably over the next few quarters until we have established the SOE. As such, we expect revenue from VonTu sales to be a relatively minor contributor to total revenue during this time.  GAAP earnings per share are forecasted between $0.16 and $0.18. Non-GAAP earnings per share are estimated between $0.33 and $0.35. This includes $0.02 of dilution related to the acquisition of VonTu as we discussed last quarter. During the March quarter we expect almost $910 million of our non-GAAP deferred revenue balance to convert into recognized revenue. This is 18% higher than the year ago figure. Going forward, we expect deferred revenue growth to stabilize and be more aligned with revenue growth rates.  GAAP deferred revenue at the end of the March quarter is estimated to be between $2.94 billion and $3.04 billion. We expect non-GAAP deferred revenue to be in the range of $2.95 to $3.05 billion. We are raising our guidance for fiscal year 2008 based upon improving operational performance as follows: GAAP revenue is estimated to be between $5.835 billion and $5.875 billion. Non-GAAP revenue is estimated to be between $5.9 billion and $5.94 billion. At midpoint this is $220 million greater than the guidance initially provided. GAAP earnings per share are forecasted between $0.46 and $0.48. Non-GAAP earnings per share are estimated between $1.24 and $1.26. At the midpoint, this is $0.13 above our initial guidance. We expect cash flow from operations for the fiscal year to be greater than the $1.67 billion reported in fiscal year 2007, in line with our original guidance. With that Ill turn the call back over to John for some closing remarks.
John W. Thompson : Thank you very much, James. In conclusion, were quite pleased with how we executed during the December quarter. We remain enthusiastic about the prospects for our recently launched core products such as Symantec End Point Protection 11 and Net Backup 6.5 and we are encouraged by the worldwide demand for our solutions as evidenced by the strong pipeline we are seeing going into our fiscal year end. Weve implemented several initiatives to drive top line results. At the same time, weve also focused on the cost side of the equation and will continue to look for ways to make our business even more profitable. While we will continue to keep a watchful eye on the macroeconomic conditions around the world, we are optimistic that our near-term prospects remain quite strong. Overall Im quite confident in our ability to deliver solid growth and improving profitability into the next quarter and fiscal year 2009.  With that, Ill turn it back to Helyn to see if we can take some of your questions. 
Helyn Corcos: Thanks, John. Wayne, will you please begin polling for questions?
Operator: Certainly. (Operator Instructions) Well ask that you limit yourself to one initial question with a follow up. 
Helyn Corcos : While the operator is polling for questions, Id like to announce that Symantec plans to attend the Thomas Weisel Partners conference on February 6th, the Goldman Sachs conference on February 28th, and the Morgan Stanley conference on March 4th. In addition, we will be reporting our fiscal fourth quarter results on April 30th. For a complete list of our investor related events, please visit our events calendar on the Investor Relations Website.  Wayne, were ready for our first question.
Operator: Very good. Our first is from Adam Holt with J.P. Morgan. 
Adam Holt - J.P. Morgan: Good afternoon and thanks for taking my question. My first question is on the strength and deferred revenue which was the best number weve obviously seen in a number of quarters. You mentioned the impact of currency on deferred revenue but I also was hoping to find whether or not you saw any material shift in how contracts are getting booked in the quarter towards a bigger component of deferred revenue, if there was anything else behind the strength in that line item.
James Beer: Adam, no, really quite to the contrary. We continue to see an improvement in the revenue yield and in essence thats correlated with license rather than maintenance so we were very pleased with the fact that we were able to build the deferred revenue balances we did even on an FX adjusted basis under such strong revenue growth circumstances. 
Adam Holt - J.P. Morgan: And if I could just shift for one question on the cost side, you mentioned that you did have a couple of cost savings initiatives. Margins were up on a year to year basis. Could you detail a little bit some of the areas where you were pulling in expenses and maybe particularly talk about some of the special incentives to the sales organization and the impact those had. 
James Beer: Well our focus on our infrastructure certainly went across the company. We have gone through a relatively modest reduction in force during the quarter as I think you know. We also focused on the volume of contractors, consultants who are working here, really looking across all the different line items associated with how we spend money, travel, office expenses, all of those sorts of things, while at the same time really looking to still be able to have the capability to deliver very high quality products and to be able to keep our customer service levels where we want them to be and I think our results reflect that.
Adam Holt - J.P. Morgan: Thank you. Operator Our next question then is from Peter Cooper with Morgan Stanley.
Peter Cooper - Morgan Stanley: Thanks very much. Im not sure if this is john or Enrique, but guys last summer we heard a lot about deal losses, some pretty large names, and McAfee was certainly making good noise that they were picking up a lot of competitive wins. John, I think specifically you said this quarter you had some competitive placements. Are you seeing that environment now shift back in your favor from a stability point of view and is that because of 11.0 coming out or being more aggressive on price or a little more color there would be very helpful, please. 
John W. Thompson: Well Peter I think its quite clear in our results that SEP 11 has certainly arrested any declines that we might have seen in the end point security component of our business. As Enrique noted in his planned remarks, we shipped 23 million units in the quarter. That said, there was a fair amount of pent up demand from the channel and from our customers for what they thought to be a pretty doggone good product. You couple that with some of the marquee name win backs that we did, some of which I personally was involved in, and it gives us great reason to be encouraged that our engineering team and our product management team did just an absolutely superb job in building this product. While we would have loved to have had it a year ago, Im damn glad we got it now.
Peter Cooper - Morgan Stanley: Got it. And then in line with that thinking now, I think youre offering a more comprehensive suite at the end point, and in your comments, John, I think you said youd be reflectively inquisitive. If I heard that right, given you guys have run the gamut from smaller deals like a Seagate to a medium size deal to VonTu and up to an Altiris size, are there any deal size considerations at this point or are you just going to be selective where it makes sense as a general rule?
John W. Thompson: As a general rule, Peter, were focused on securing and managing the worlds information. So you should expect to see us do transactions in those categories of activity. Now we also recognize that in order to secure and manage the worlds information, youve got to do more to help them automate their infrastructure, so theres likely to be some server management related activities that well engage in as well, but we dont have a size dimension that is a delimiter for us although we have no big deals planned, thats for sure.
Peter Cooper - Morgan Stanley: Thanks very much, John. Congrats.
Operator: Our next question is from Heather Bellini with UBS. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Hi John, good afternoon. I had a question. Last quarter you were pretty insightful. You commented about the swelling of the US economy and gave what ended up being maybe guidance that was a little bit too cautious. I saw your comments on January 9th that you put out on Reuters and Im just wondering what do you think is different that gives you the confidence given your comments about now you see it spreading to maybe economies outside the US to raise numbers whereas you didnt have it last quarter. I guess thats one question and then I have a follow up about the end point compliance product.
John W. Thompson: I think what we saw Heather throughout the quarter was continued build and the momentum for many of our core products. WE saw across the board very, very solid growth in end point protection. In our Data Center Management products they had double digit growth for the first time in a very, very long time and when we look at the pipeline of deals planned for the March quarter and the coverage ratios that we would expect to see coming into the quarter, we have the highest coverage ratios weve had in several years. You couple that with higher quality products, improving employee morale and customer satisfaction, candidly, those are the things that underpin our confidence in the March quarter.
Heather Bellini - UBS: Okay, and then a follow up on the end point compliance product. You shipped 23 million units. Can you talk about the percentage of those 23 million units where people are actually turning it on for the first time so theres a revenue opportunity for you versus a maintenance opportunity?
John W. Thompson: Candidly, Heather, I dont have that granular a view at this point. I would suspect however that the vast majority of them are going into the existing base of customers short of the competitive win backs that we saw during the quarter. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Okay, great, thank you.
Operator:
Our next question is from Sarah Friar with Goldman Sachs. :
Analyst for Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: Hi, this is Derek in for Sarah. Congratulations on the quarter. I wanted to maybe get some detail on the realignment of back into what seems like storage and security divisions and interested in what drove that decision.
John W. Thompson: Well actually its not storage and security divisions. We may have not characterized it as well to you in our press release but the Data Center Management group as it was called is being repackaged to reflect our storage and server focus. What we didnt want to do was to suggest that by having organizations focused on particular buyers we could lock technology into one unit or another. So what I want to happen as a result of this realignment is that our team will do a great deal more to share both the technology that we have in our portfolio and the skills that we have in our engineering and architectural teams and by moving away from a Well I manage the data center and I manage consumer and I manage this that or the other hopefully well get better cross-company sharing of the capabilities that clearly can differentiate Symantec in the marketplace.
Analyst for Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: Is there going to be any change from that in terms of how the channel is covered or served?
John W. Thompson: No, not at all. 
Analyst for Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: Okay and then just one follow up on the APM divestiture. Is that likely to be the largest that were likely to see in terms of assets that youre looking to shed?
John W. Thompson: As we continue to work our analysis of our portfolio and we have something to tell you about from a divestiture point of view, well do that. 
Analyst for Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: Great, thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question is from Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse.  
Philip Winslow - Credit Suisse: Hi guys. John, you mentioned the continued strength of that Backup Exec product line you say a year after the launch now. Im wondering if youd just comment on just your outlook there but also on that Net Backup business and how do you just view the growth rate of the overall backup market and sort of particularly between those two segments? 
John W. Thompson: Well we have seen, Phil, just phenomenal growth in Backup Exec for now four or five consecutive quarters. As a matter of fact, it had its strongest quarter last quarter in the history of the product and the 12.0 version thats expected to launch in March that Enrique referenced has some really, really incredible features and it more tightly integrates the backup and archiving function. It candidly does some of the things that we had envisioned when we brought the two companies together where you can have a vulnerability alert trigger a more frequent backup process so its our belief that were starting to see some of the real benefits that we had envisioned a few years ago in bringing security and security-related activity closer to where information is being either managed or stored. Now that said, our hope is that we can sustain this momentum for Backup Exec and we can accelerate whats going on in the net backup market. Clearly, Backup Exec is gaining share. The view as to the global backup market is a mid single digit market and we are growing in high teens, candidly in some markets, low 20s. We have strong results in the most recent quarter for Net Backup that is more in line with market growth rates and so I think what this says is you deliver quality products, you put great support around it, and you can grow at or above the market rate, and thats clearly the case for our backup business now. 
Philip Winslow - Credit Suisse: Great, thanks guys. Operator  Our next question is from Todd Raker with Deutsche Bank.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank Securities: Hey guys, nice quarter. Just turning to the consumer market for a moment, I know you guys gave some commentary in terms of Norton 360 and the record uptake youve seen, but could you just step back and give us a sense for where you think the growth profile of this industry is today if you look out two or three years, where you see kind of the optimum penetration, international versus domestic, and whats the upsell opportunity to suite? How far down that path are we and kind of whats the uptake expectations going forward?
John W. Thompson: Well Todd as you look at the consumer business, one of the things thats important to note is the market is absolutely saying they want to see continued move to all-in-one security solutions and thats why were seeing the success with Norton 360. 25% of the bookings of the quarter were associated with that offering so we think that theres a lot of runway to continue to move that broader offering not only to the digital families but across the entire segment, and thats not only here in the US, thats around the world. So theres a continued strong opportunity to move form the point products or even Norton Internet Security to the higher value Norton 360 product. At this point we see the same drivers around the world that weve always seen which are around PC shipments and broadband adoption so we always monitor those carefully and ultimately some of our growth rates are associated with those two fundamental drivers but we are very encouraged by the success of Norton 360 and we think that really signals what the marketplace is saying which is people dont want to have lots and lots of point products. They want to have one integrated solution that solves the issues around protecting their PC and protecting when they go online.
Enrique Salem: One follow up think I would add to that Todd is that as you look at the shift to a different form factor device where its not a laptop or a PC but it may be an iPod or a Treo, thats going to require a different combination of technologies and quite frankly we believe perhaps a different business model and so one of the things we were trying to do with our recent realignment was to think through how could we within the company incubate businesses that would focus on different technology packaging and different business models so theyre not, if you will, sacrificed by the high revenue, high margin components of our business as we have to make tradeoffs from an investment perspective.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank Securities: Just two quick follow ups on that. How much of the business would you attribute to international today versus domestic and do you guys feel youre growing faster than the market in line or below?
James Beer : Well the international revenue base is now representing 53% of total business and I mentioned in my remarks that we were pleased with our growth rate so 26% in Europe, 19% in Asia --  
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank Securities: Im sorry, Im talking business to consumer. 
James Beer : Ah, okay. In terms of the consumer business, its about the same balance in terms of revenue offshore versus within the United States and so were quite pleased with that balance of business. We feel as though our emphasis on Norton 360, the product suite, is playing well in different parts of the world, just as well as it is playing in the US. 
John W. Thompson: A great example, Todd, of where were doing really well, for example in the international markets you take the UK market and what were seeing from a market share perspective. I mean, those numbers arent very impressive and so around the world were having success, not only with the core products but also with the new products like Norton 360.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank Securities: Great. Thanks, guys.  
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Turits with Raymond James.  
Analyst for Michael Turits - Raymond James: Hi, this is Miranda Davidson calling for Michael Turits. Can you give us any more details on the turnaround of the sales organization in North America?
John W. Thompson: I think what I would tell you is it starts with some of the changes we made in the leadership team and we put in a new leader in the Americas who has refocused our efforts there and really started to turn the overall morale of the organization around and then we also have strong leaders in Asia Pacific and in Europe. Quite frankly the other thing that we did was we moved our specialist organization to focus on new license and I think that was an important shift that has helped the overall execution of our team, but I think that the leadership that we put in place and some of the changes that weve made around comp and coverage models has definitely helped overall.
Analyst for Michael Turits - Raymond James: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Tim Klasell with Thomas Weisel Partners. 
Tim Klasell - Thomas Weisel Partners: A quick question with the Backup Exec 12 launch. Clearly youve had a great run with 11. Do you expect any freeze ups or can you sort of walk us through what youd expect from the growth of that product as you get closer to the launch?
John W. Thompson: Well actually if we look at the Backup Exec market, while 11 D has gone exceedingly well, there are still many, many, many thousands of customers that are on older versions than even 11 D so the focus of the 12 launch is to make sure that we can pull many of those customers into the new technology realm that 12.0 product will represent. So we dont expect or anticipate any slow down in that business as a result of this launch given how broad the opportunity base is to upsell man of our customers. 
Tim Klasell - Thomas Weisel Partners: Then one real quick one, I know one of the objectives with 360 was to have people backing up online it would be a stickier sale, can you give us any idea of what percentage of the Norton 360 customers are actually using the backup feature?
John W. Thompson: Right now of the products that weve shipped, about a third of all of the users of 360 are using the online service. We have already surpassed a new high water mark both in terms of the penetration of the product where I think Enrique said it represents 25% of new sales into the market, and we have an enormous number of new backup customers who are on the service.
Tim Klasell - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Daniel Ives with FBR.
Daniel Ives - FBR Group: Yeah, thanks. Question with the current environment with [cards] uncertain. Do you believe that Symantec can capitalize on that just given the reputation, the breadth of your products, and maybe some customers that would normally go to smaller vendors now would go to Symantec? Do you think thats an opportunity for as we look out on the next few quarters? 
John W. Thompson: We think we are participating in the markets that are certainly going to get the lions share of the net new spending that will occur, hence security and storage management. We think we have a very, very strong global brand and great presence in all of the markets around the world. Were focused on this very simple idea that todays security environment is policy centered, it is all about having a set of operationalized infrastructures such that you really can manage the information more closely. That means the infrastructure has to be focused on complexity reduction and a whole range of things that are key to our portfolio, so we think were in pretty good shape. If the markets decline a bit we think the spending will come our way. If the markets are robust, well get more than our fair share. 
Daniel Ives - FBR Group: Okay, great. Thanks, great quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from Katherine Egbert at Jeffries and Company.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies & Co.: Hi, good afternoon. I have a couple questions. Enrique, first, your sales quotes for the specialists, are they all new licenses or is it a simple majority of new licenses of the quote itself? 
Enrique Salem : For specialists it is new licenses. 
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies & Co.: Solely new licenses.
Enrique Salem : Yes. 
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies & Co.: Okay, great and then you mentioned the word divestiture and I apologize if someone else asked this earlier, to what extent are you divested? I mean, will you do kind of what VeriSign is doing, communicating in advance if theres bundles per sale, will you put anything into discontinued ops? Can you give us some sense?
Enrique Salem : Thats not our plan. We announced last week our intent to divest of the application performance management business. That business, quite frankly, we think will be better served, more importantly, our customers will be better served, by the investments that new owners are going to place around that, and we think the team will have a chance to show that they can continue to deliver innovative technologies with a higher investment stream behind them, but we have no intent to follow anyone elses model. Well follow our own model which is as we make decisions about our portfolio well announce those to you.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies & Co.: Okay, fair enough, thanks. 
Operator: We do have time for a few additional questions. (Operator Instructions) We do have a question from Brian Freed with Morgan Keegan.
Brian Freed - Morgan Keegan: Hey guys, thanks for taking my call. Could you talk a little bit about your emerging product segments, things like [inaudible] duplication and the DLP products with VonTu and what you see is kind of the market tone and timing for those types of solutions?
John W. Thompson: When you think about whats happening in the data center, theres a clear move from tape to disk based backup and so were obviously benefiting from that because without Net Backup 6.5 product and what we call our pure disk offering, it is completely integrated into that backup platform, so what were able to do is go back into the customer base and upsell them to the disk based backup capabilities and that is momentum in the marketplace. Every major customer that I speak to is absolutely thinking about how do they move away from tape. That presents a strong opportunity and when I think about what our goals were in the accomplishment, pure disk is definitely on track or a little bit ahead of what I had expected.
Enrique Salem: I think on the DLP side what I would tell you is, on the data leak prevention side, where we are is that that is a very top of mind issue for the entire organization, not just the IT department, but the executives inside of the company where they worry about the liabilities around moving customer data or employee data and the notoriety that goes with that, so definitely a lot of momentum. Weve seen success in a couple of verticals. We actually think that that opportunity spans across all companies that have to protect information and that basically is everyone, so we see a tremendous opportunity for Symantec and as John says, us securing and managing the worlds information.
Brian Freed - Morgan Keegan: Great, thanks.
Helyn Corcos: I believe thats all we have for time. 
Operator: That is correct, and well turn the call to John Thompson for a closing comment.
John W. Thompson: Well thank you everyone for dialing in this afternoon. Im awfully, awfully proud of our team and the results that they delivered in the December quarter. More importantly, Im encouraged by their enthusiasm for our outlook for the March quarter. Its been a really, really interesting fiscal year for us. Four consecutive quarters now of very strong growth and we would expect to clock one more in the March quarter. Thanks for dialing up.
